
--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393969.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26" Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal takes effect. 
(c) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
(d) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) 
Access to the Internet, an c-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. 
General. 
This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any ogler jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action. 
suit or proceeding. 
* 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099868 
SDNY_GM_00246052 
EFTA01393969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393970.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire instructions for the account if 
necessary, in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Codc (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable):  
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable):  
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in the Partnership: 
K 
Salary 
K 
Savings 
K 
Inheritance 
K 
Gift 
K 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
K 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099874 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246058 
EFTA01393970

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393971.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's primary residence): 
K 
Less than $500,000 
K 
$500,000 - $999,999 
K 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
K 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
K 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
2017 Income: 
K 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$200,000-$299,999 
K 
$200,000-$299,999 
K 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
K 
Individually 
K 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth: 
K 
Less than $5,000,000 
K 
$5,000,000 - $ I 0.000,000 
K 
More than $ I 0,000,000 
For definition of "invesunents." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
B-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099877 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246061 
EFTA01393971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393972.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
4. 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan Investor"): 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership arc the assets of a plan. individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
o 
Less than 25% and the percentage is 
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is 
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA. (B) an insurance company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Tide I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1XA) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
5. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner immediately. 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
B-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099878 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246062 
EFTA01393972

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393973.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393973.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099880 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246064 
EFTA01393973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393974.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Exhibit D 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(aX51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act as a result of 
(I) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a company' that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons. the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
K 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than ¶25,000.000 in -investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each senior or other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in Item 
I or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth not less than $5,000,000. 
K 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of 
Rule I44A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation. partnership, association. 
joint stock company. trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the Investor 
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper). determined in accordance with Section 3(cXIXA) on the 
Investment Company Act. that acquired such secunties on or before April 30.19% (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other than short-team paper) of 
any excepted investment company that. directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company. have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
• 
For definition of "investments." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
D-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099881 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246065 
EFTA01393974

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393975.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393975.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who arc "Plan Investors": (1) U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets (such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(eX I) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, 
THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behal f of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies governing the sponsoring 
church. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN71AL 
E- I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099884 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246068 
EFTA01393975

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393976.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393976.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy" 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries. the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondanes, and incluCe spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset heLicaLions, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the time of the originalacquisition, or later from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections(58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(43% of transactions since inception) 
Identify kw compegthe dials 
• ti5$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n turd ponfolos 
• Mod sue USS103-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• sledging to mitigate SO.60%of currency 
volatihty 
• Portfolio diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursue a Swain true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorys large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in .depth fundamental 
anSysisys dealstructuring 
Buy man.n else*, 
Purchased 3S0• mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average 20% discounttor MY 
• hemp -1O%funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 2003" 
• 
23-strong team expected to grow to 26-23 by IHIS 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Managing Partner, CEO— London 
Deutsche Bank; CO8 Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdny Davies 
Parther, COO —London 
Deutsche Bank; ABNAmra; 
KPMG 
• 
Relevant Years of experience 
Charles Smith 
 as.
717 
Managing Partner, OO—London 
Deutsche Bank; Bunkers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Ada m Graev 
0' 
Partner —Newyork 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; ChotterferfSoros; Cowen 
Joshua Glaser 
Nabs 0lmos 
a0
Or 
Partner, Meet avenge— New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capita; OBC Oppenheimer 
Managing Director- London 
AD1A; (MS; Deutsche Bonk; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
O 
I 
tr 
Partner —London 
Deutsche Bonk 
I
Francesco Riga montl 
O 4 1 
StriorAdvisor— London 
Deutsche Bonk; Golfo & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246075 
DB-SDNY-0099891 
EFTA01393976

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393977.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393977.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Endnotes 
(I) Glendower Capital Secondary 4 , ortunities Fun:ill/. LP. rs:JF re or the Ifunti..) being ferrne.:; 
.31+r:dower Capital LIP eGiergicieri, an app....imed 
repiefena ative of Mirabella AMbers LIP, which is authorised and regulated by the Unite: kingdoen finandalConcyciALtlysity 
U) Mature funds iiicludir ,or. SO(' 
anr, >OF It; °reran $OF Prette Iffelf.Cfr; sor, Stir F.),50f Ir an, SOF id Perforntanee figure.; hare been calculated based 
on the unaudited pertrxmars:e results of SOF. SOF D, SOF It a DC SO! PI as of September XI, 2017 and should he read art renewed in c:ajtaletIon with 
the ireird.ortara. trifoneation" arc 'Notes to inve,:tnient Performance infornaition- :actions of this iine.fanefil. QI,x,s mote are taos: of fern:, eapenses 
and carried interest. Net performance reflects teieanis net et expense:, tees ane (at r ien interest. Past pederMantat is not a Preeichon of the future 
pedurranee of ser, SOF D..OF It V 501 bl but r:, inducer, to evnor*-uatir Lite track newt:, c1 the Gleiw:fay..e: Team and the, can be re; 
that. 
SOF ri will a:hieve corr.paratile cetbes, 
ltj sor 0 b 
roCeriominatec ne Consrerneeat the ieptii:rotear ;XL 2017 ritialuSS rate et 1.1821, 
(4) 
Bath SOT tral SOF D are Mvestec in the Daiirry.i Pvtfolio —a well (Intranet: portfolio or 28 private en ut funds porcte:ed through an WV, providing 
enmsuie r, ,uy.ut, special situations. yentorr tamitai 
.enel estate yl steg..: el North Autka. Europe arxt Asia- Pet rgatiber Cl lute% and corm Imes 
is a best estIn'ate and shows the aggregate of earl, deal at dosing ane may induce some double counting. 
($) Source: Cambridge Asst.clates Seconnars Penchtna:k st*ti:xles 
of September 30, 2-417 bate: on data corripl
- from 140 tennar, funds with a 
minina;ni of 8 fens per year, inducing dotty linsitatet partnerehips, formed between 2004 and 414 Each SOF Fund is slKiwn benchinarked against their 
leSaet:tn‘e‘'IntalitPeer StooP. Thrs irde/rnakk.in &err. 3 cornP3reOn of .or,SOF D..,:or It and aur 
peainnararnor agaired rime '
,.notel'. coy; cuaniles 
may Miler when compared to other herichmarkira sources $OF. 501 0, SOF It and SOF ill cat-4 b 
included in the data set used lo calculate the 
benchmark 43ta. 
(6) intonnation presented in this chart is based or; the ',new:A.:el result: of SOP, SOf 0, SOP II ant; SOF III as of September 30. n17 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunaion wdh the "import
itinfermation- and "Motel: toff:vestment Performance Intormien. sect ions et thisdocument 
(n Past Performance Is NE a fireeiCtIC•n et the future pert:crrance of 'Jr. SOT 0, 501 li or 501 la but is inclunste to demonstrate the pad, 
pse 
Glendower fear;. 
(a) Internal rates Of returns are net of fen eAperees and cameo interest.. Cambridge Asn.,clates research shows that mast. funds take at least Ni% years b) 
settle unt:: their final be:Wile ranking, ank prearmis to this settlir , they typically rant if; nether ricattiles, therefore fi:nd or tuatlenvok pef 
metrics from nwre recent vintage years may be le:: meaningful Median it; the mrodle fund IP.R of the group al Mt iisfilltAl lund Wks included in a vintage 
;ex 0.ninirr.urn S rureis]. Upper; klwer eta:rite are the thresholds tor the upp#r (top ≥S%) are:, klover llcitorn Ski :art 
haset on the inclit4aual 
IRR: included 1n a vintage year and are see in conjunction with the mettar to determine reartile placement {minimum B fur.dsi 
(9) 
Distributions to Paie.in Capital iWPI s Resiatel Van e to Paid-In Capital: :bete Total rf ar.ri st to epic.," car,IrsIrjpE, nyp! and DPI are pooled return 
ifeillf831 18 all cash flows and ending. Wei:sin3 :ample to calculate a cicano•we.Eyded ripsen 
10) Please read the confewrabl private placement rreerre:fan•um et the Fus 
'Memorandum") Ice Ina rill cibckeure or ntk factries. conflicts of kilernit 
cornpkite terms. and regulatory and tax et/racier:Atom' of the Fund. For limber disclosure of fees, such as fees am expenses paid by the rune, please 
rater ro the Merneraneum, tran anetuna: and restated rennet partnership agreement and.i the teed of adherent at tne rurei 
itch doz.:merit: afe in 
the proem,: of beina prepared am: will Ild marg available to taccpeetive investors upon rett;b::t. 
(11.) myertei.. Capital 6 the amount of ....betel mvestced t. itweitnierits. and the retnaineig onfinsted obi:gat:um reasonably teserved t' Glen.kreter or seeth 
irwestmenta 
f 1'1 is of r.teptenste,r 30, 20%7. Thpre C3f:bn nc-ayynfance that tl- tstrategyssin 
succerztulki the future, or that losses will be 31:044?t, 
(1 
t.curce.Gendewer's astestment basee cab portto8o management theory 
(141 As of Septeietw 30, 2017. Peri..c sirhe2IX),3inclueres time:mein by member:et lhecøesericr management leeirn at Deutsche Bank. 
Key Definitions 
^Sinale Arver Dear meansan investment by the rorc (directly or indirectly) in a Nikkei) company eh:fly:tie Ube ei more ornate acuity luna sponsors (and 
anyfOliOsYfOn inVeillnYlIZS in any ;:uthmuestiner-I. but not inclueew 
Sec enemy) Zr, refs....0,1;w., de te;nni~ ie; the Manager as the vantext recur:es 
"Fund Secondary' means fa", an interest held tireetry or incirectly by the Fund in a generalist or specialist private ebuitv fun structure (inducing a ft nd 
tunes, teeder hit or other similar sbucture) rideirer in a rcan,ialorw transaction :•r (hl 3 portfolio et such yttererts at Lied 11 a single transaction, in each 
raze as reasonably cetermined by the Manager as the context rormres. provided that any interest referred to in clause fat shall be in a lure stri ett re that 
either has at:Investment pence that is expired (other than for (eaose->n investments) Cr as Brawn town c committee to Invest at least SOM et its acgrngate 
Corrine merits, ane prouFdec that any Netnose of interesLt relerree ta ism ecae.: (bi ;bait be 
structures tal if; the aggregate rare drawn down or 
fiernInitl.fit to invest id. kast yak of their aggre.?ate ceneriltrnerirs, provided further that the aggregate ,:ortehitriterit: of any fund structure that has an 
Investment stenot tr:::z G -tpiNi; fisher than ror følkl*.rg,;(:,•tastriwrq shall he cteins.d to erdial INC 3frieS:111 dt?..6V,‘ down in surt: hat stnAzta4; and 
ProMe<1. (uruer, [hata rt; 
Se«:ndaty shall rot alto be ceterrnIned to be an Early Stage inve5tretent. 
N5f)-Ied f.*:cretary- mean: a!) imesurent inteeest heal by lire Feria (directly or Mare:Let) nikake equity turf.: sirett ore 
part aa;i0 at direct pdvate acuity 
asset: through bespoke licutc ay solutions (arri any follmv-on invtnsents in any st ch investment interest. ilt t not inducing any Co-Ineest went) as reazona bly 
,:Kerrnzred by the Manager at the ccenext eef;IfirS. 
":10F" mean:: OB Sec.:*ridary i)ppert unit ies runn. A, I P.. DI) Secorwiery Oppertimbles rune B. t.P. ,Inc t•ft Secnocary Onportenitlez Ford C, Lp 
'SOF Er means EiEtfertorreary OpixetcriitierFonr 0. I. P 
7,011r cd-IS IIEteconcl>iryOppcetyniti+F. Fur< il. LP 
zor 
"par, :mS(5.41:141r,' OppOriffnilinif rund 111, lP 
17,0P 
'SOF Program.- or ltorecrilarYOracrtirtritres Ferret- means SOF, Siff O, SUF II are; SOF 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099892 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246076 
EFTA01393977

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393978.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393978.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forwardiooking ;tate-merits ism cheing wittrsui !imitation, projections of future earnings or yak di, result: or salt:all:ens herein are based coon la trent 
;$•:sornsitions, may by siniplifiec and may depaiid opon events outside !lie control of Glendthver or its 
Other events that were not taken into accoent 
nay oceor and nay signilicarilly affect tux analy:b herein. Therefore. MaNe; to any assomptior, . may have a material impact ix. any valuations or 
pitiercticie. Actual results may Therefore ha niatenalli different from any forecast. opinon 
valsation herein. Prospectiye lg.-Nestor: in tie IVY.: >hcoki not 
nth' on these tOrwarmfookIng statements in deciding whether try awes! In Sirat Fort. The infonnation tOntamed in the Presentation ens been obtafriec from 
source:: ositslie of Credit 
such information is t-illes.ed 10 tie reliable For the purpose:: usei ratin, neither Credit:Su:use, rrsr any or Rs ad-elates or 
partners, itiembers or employee:, asr,urne any r
ponsibility for the act acycf 
ch irlonnation 
See the "Notes b.:Investment Performance < ontainirt 
irriponantinforriation regarding re.rformant.e arc tergelet: ret.,:rns. 
This Presentatkin vies riot for in part of the basis kir any v.eilfect ea: tureen Gieripyne, or itl atlilete, anz. any atto 
Re.'ipier:tspf Pa) Preseritatkin slag irot 
treat this Presentatiori or tax, regulatory, acr.ounting. legal_ investment or any other advice in relatiori to the Recipient of this information are this information 
shmiel not are cardK4. Fe rerit upon as :air.b 
The CrrstfiMilL4, <4 this Presentation and partkcation in the Find may be restricted by taw in certain 
jurisdictions. Penons arliocome into possesulon of (Ks Pre.seniation are required to inform themselves about. are: to onstlye. any such restritliom. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering or interests 0 the Fore or Use adequacy of tise. information °minified herein. Any 
epresentation to lie el-aire? ia,1; rearul. 
Prospective irive,ton :rliOLla pay partici:lag attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk 
factors An invt:Imerit in the foe: is suitable only ior ssiiheticater: ins-t
s and rewires the finareial ability and willingness to accept the hk,fk risk.: and lack 
of liquidity asrociatesi with an investment in the Fund. inve5tors in the Fond mort tie prepared to hear such risls for an incelinite period of titre 
Statements herein are mace as of January 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Inforrnetk-ri 
Ehe Track Re,.cr4 
The GP:FrM.4er ire Talar Ipacraqf from Cent he Sara( arid its afliliates ("DeutIche bank, on Aegost I, 20.17 and eitabibned Glendower Capital. LIP an. its 
affiliates (together, "Glenrowerl as an Independent private .t.cuity Firm owned by its partners Intl ret on secondary transactkin In private rnarkett. The 
pertomance inforrnation are tra-:k record set out in this Presentation in respect ot the SOF rum:: (Dart the pencv time ram inot
ion or the SOF Foreis to 
rata. ileberag the tune prior to the Catenation of Glennower, wheri the from; were employee( of Ciectscp,.; Bank. in evaluating the tract. leceetl, e..e.ti Recipient 
Estee that f*t>lo Pirwirrearoli and Charles Smith have been permanent voting nwrnber.: of the sof Funds irwestment committees sireet.ce
ires; fa) 
f hi Cheting, Francesco higanionti ant Acarn Greer have attended as observers the majority of insertmerit committees of the SOF Funds sa'nce inception. they 
were appointer in Decernbef 2011 durirat the SOF it investirent pericv.; as sce.ing merribers on a ra.t.atilaral binis and here been permanent soling members 
since January 2013; (iii) oder employees of Deutsche bank who were not part of the SOF investment team anc that have not. joined Glencower were involved 
at different times on I he investment corr.:mattes of the SOF 
arid Gni, ineestinentdecirlorernaking process in re:-.;.4(:t.c4 the investments ince try the. SOF 
F..ncs and (cro) ha r.onnecoon with the ifly4rrtalirtaS compitirkg the tract record, the riterv.ower Insaistrrent professionals were part .sf a larger voile within 
Lentcerie Nara. The owestment performance Mt:Juliet herein it intended colety to provide Recipients wee information atmnt the Giereower SOF Tearn'c 
owtstinent etpenence. The perlinrnance information pithicee herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative &.,et Management (Global) Limited 
COAAMIGit"lane provided to Glendower are relates to the SOF Fore.; and the related ireivretval under: ins transactor . it' respect ail width the Gameower 
SOF Tirane were ilesk*Mira thee capacity as per/Jerk, rtrarager arid/or insestiment committee members while employed at Decitcler Hank. Glentowei takes 
responsibiaty for Its use -.4 the perfornonce informs:aim and its compliar.:e with all a CipliCiltile taws, reiniations, rules an.: goinellises, inducing, but not renited 
to. the Investment Advisers AC et Icali). as aPerrrfree, and is particular. Rule 204.:: therenreer: and DAAlsafGit take:: ras rest-snsibeity for the iice of sucri 
Pe fin(M3n.:e inronr,stlisn by Grersikrwer 
Notes to In 
 Performance 
investment r:F.Ve::: 
OtherW4:;f: 
net 45. ;:re as et September 30. 2017, are r.:0;A:rtas, are: aie 
en!,. 
Itenen, 
::rile;;: 
ottienv,se indicated, -Gross IRK' am 'Net iRR" shalt mean an aggregate, conwet no, annual gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on investments, 
based tin daily cash aftee Cal0. Lilian, are pre:en:cc baled mg actual cash flow" 
zsrte from limited partner:. All IRRn ere presented on a -Intr:s` basis unless 
otherwise stated 0 e, hey do out reflect de pm or ity profit share carded interest, taxes tramaction costs In corineeton with the disposition of unrealned 
ineermremis anri attesr expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funs. 
which we ret.,.ce returns arid. in the aggravate. are espected re i.e 
Substantial) Net IRA kt presentet: after Kierh.cting all priority plOfit :thaut carrlen interest, tweet.. transaction costs Inc ...thee fee:: an. expenses (other than 
;axe; er,me or to be r),-,n.,e by inyeatr.o.;, indieing as a nvia la of an ewestors donk. ile). Further, note that l;‘: catc,,i?tirez mfAbocokigy aCo
e."C to Cak,ilat-el4K 
1141 in respeu of the SOF rinds is impacted by the sor 
ire of tahscription line facilities. All perfooriarsce timbers induce recycled capital unless 
otherwise erphsill? ',loiterer. Dist, ibetioni to Paid-in Capital Poem represents el4leg.te ;.stributioire: to insestr4S in the SOF Pads realise to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Fans. Residual Value to Pairj-in Capital ("net") represents the value of the SOF Funds investor,' intersect held within the Xtl,
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions tr, t 
Fend:, net et to SOF F..rret 
interest. rrian4ement tees and other expense::. Total Value to 
Paid-In Capital (- NW): TePi =OW + RVPt Ist.ster is oeficaril as the amount of money returned divided by the arri.:amt Invested ror that partkurar investment 
Gross multiple represents Total Valle as a rrinitile oi capital inuestim by the SOF Funds Net lung data :net 
etc.i net ineronnance data refle:ts anutents 
vet of the sor f 
catneo interest. management fees ant: otherelven:es 
Valuation:. Valuation!: of unrealh:tii nwitstments are generally bate( •sti a good faith aro rettonable ceterrnination by the genial partner of the relevant 
,n ,.cement it a'; Any such valuation of inrea.riteri investment will he based cri assumptions that such general partner helletec are reasonabte under the 
Cittull'ittailteS. the actual realized return: tin unrealizec investments will depend on. dirions othglr arAVS. rytt:re pperenN sys,lt, the value of the assets ard 
ifsaiet con.oiriois at the riffle of 5sposatais arty oflater; tranSattiOlithis and the timing and manner of 
all of which Pray Oriel' horn the asstarVtions on 
which the valuation.: user; in the pilaf performance dila contairec herein are bared Au:cornea/3y. the actual realized return: generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ mat rally from the returns livicated herein:. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099894 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246078 
EFTA01393978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393979.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal disdakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Sepik:hr. of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their own 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with Cerree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meaning of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani tO professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute fironcial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS Is Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, t7 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that Ordinance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
cued or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purpose:: 
Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. aryl advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) oche; than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of HongKong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try iecoritles low, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations (porrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for the)nselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte inyestnent marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs wrmessawned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific peril se of an avAmiSinon porioani to an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the .-..chearn. 
to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt thiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
thtra.p..,,a,i of ily.oine 0.der 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallion 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of aft Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) any: their Nve! of income Veer eat, 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pcidel!nes, doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Iron: time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to any other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt for 
c oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing a. this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own accorad: or, where applicable, (a other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, or to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot be registered puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applIcat.le laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese governmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tiled!. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a regotereo clnane.oal instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL sa member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r 
k•SOCi3tiOn and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099896 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246080 
EFTA01393979

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393980.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393980.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOf IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This dock meat is provicsk on a C011idellti3i basis and made upon your veriest. Tnis riocunierit roes not COME aLte, and shot:lc not be 
ctn.:ruevas•xr:scil;ing.an offer or invitation testeisuribe first purchase sty seuiritxm 44: defines; in the Ca peal Markets anti Serthes Ack.:1207) in Ma Ifraia 
or interests (as oefirieti in the Conitranen Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The dispatch of this emurnent duet not make available any sect:fetes for 
subscription or poichase in Malaysia. This Cut nenr. las been issued mitide 
fslaysia ;stir no issue, offer of inv.tat e. once: thes rocunient has any ef fest in 
MataySha 
For persons to Mexico. This marketing material b rdlributed in the United Me,lkaco Hate; rfenraitol by ;. (oreip, Financial inslitutrum lInstitvtion irn;Hiciera 
cel Exterior) nor subjed to the supentsion o1 the National Banking anti Le:enties Commiusion (Comisien Nacioftal Baniaro y tie Valones) (the "CiaBM) The 
securities mentioned hereby are rot registered in the National flea:Mies Registry (Regbtro National de. Valero:) (the "Min or in the International Gm:talon 
Ss:stein tSrsterro Internacional ye COttraUkdX.S1 (the ”.SICIM the Menem Steak Eitcharate (Eloise MexieaMt de VAk.ite%). theivfoiv such secontsts, Bs issuance, 
pitying, distnbuteer and listing are not subject to the soperAston of MC Chl8V or the prosisions of Mouton law The securities shall flOt bass St.13,11.o.t to public 
offering.labri or brokerage in feleetyst:Ilitst: registered In the HMV or the X OUrsuArk to the applicable legal PrOybtOna. 
For psws In Monnar • Thn Pnxiccfropy not ftif agent,' <tr sole. directly or 0M0OCOV, to the. Public in Monaco other tan by a Monaco Bart or a iluly 
NAM1£13O;Ot e interrneCiary ailing 353 professional iratitutior-iii investor *NCH coos oiler k&.'nviedge: ant] experience in firiarvial anti thisiessas Matters 
as to be capable of is:RA:sting the SR:: and merits of an illY0.5.1MMIt in the rune. Consteuesitly, this tiOctiffeirlit may only be conuritnicated to banks Cady 
liserisec hr Ow `At Mite tie tainift.* PfOOMItier and hilly TgAVISeO pielfolionainageetit. corripariRis by uirtue ir..f Law 
of tr.:1y 26, 19:41 and Law .1.332 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the toinnesidn de Condole ces Activites Finarv.ieres Suet: regulated intefrnettrarier may in torn communicate this 
coo:morn' to ta.a.entisilinveutors 
For persons In NewZee/arid This. stif011hat*:1 bat: bOell ,nepau ed for 3nei rt provided OfO7 bs OmmItret ft( vients. in new &attic wito c Lillie ;sari "MVeStrr-40 
business" or 'government agency" within the meaning of &sure 17(1) arc clause40 of Schesfulel of the New Zealanc litaiu.ral Markets. Conduct Ad 2013. 
For persons In the Suitonete of Conan. The Mformatian contained in this Pr ese.mation neither constiu,ter. a public offer of securities in true Sultanate of Oman as 
creiteisiplatec in the Conenelt ialCompano taw of Coon (e.swal Decree 41.74) or tits Capital Market taw of Oman (Puy& Decree WS:9Si, nor (Mt: It VOOMIO.,'* 
an offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say NozeOntani securities in the Soltarrafe of Anon as contemptateti by Article I.39 of the Es/mien-is 
Regolations to theCapital Market tawny,
s.er., by Dec iron tio.112CO9I 
Arie.iticK:ally, this Presentation is lot intended to leac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nalu I t within the territory of the St ftanate of (Aran 
For persons In Cietar Trot interest.; 
the 
an? only tieing offered to a limited number of Insesttars Wei are vagina and able to conduct. an Incedencere 
inaersigation ct the Mils invoked in en inveltment in secti Miereate The promotional riocumeniatioridC+E rice constitute an oiler ro the public and it for the 
k se only of the nanesd ACCo:C.S.EO and should not he given or shown to any other person (ocher Men employees, agents or coroultants in connection with the 
arkiressess'a consideration thereof). The (tad haf. 'VA *eon aryl will riot ha ne&istered with thee:afar central Hank or :sneer any lawn of tie State of Czatar No 
tranraction will he conducted In your pa iscictIon and any inuuliies regarding the interests in the Form should he made tot:41140We, . 
For persons In Saud Arabia. The: lireceniatisn re.ay may not be ciudbuted in the langoom of Saudi Arabb escent to suds persons 3S are iMMItilke• *neer the 
Offers of Seat cities IteguUdions tr!aree by the Capital Market Autiority (the "civt.a.'u 
The (MA cote: not make any reprecitnietliin as to the aatracy or completeness O this Dr.eionstint, one eq.ressly ',delete:, any 
whatmeseir for any lures 
arcing froni, IX Incurred in relance Lars any part <4 the Of -,..entation. erospeatie puttnasers <4 the interest otleoft.:: tenet.; should conduct their own due 
Cilk011iCC on the ucturacy at tie information relating to the interests. if you co not uncerstarv1 the content: of the. Presentation yo. should consult art 
authorized firiancrataelisey 
For penfOnS h Sineletere This Presentafron not a prosPer.tu:: 
delineri :r: the Sraill1esarv.i rutures Act. Chapter 
of Singapore (`;;FA') arc, 11;C not been 
registered as a prospectus with tel: Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under theSCA in relation to the content of prospectuses 
apply, arc this PrOjente".O 1;tzk,ie Foc he construed In arty way as a tottrarnkse or all rifler t9 bus or sell aria inteaest 
irivristnient referred to sir 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you_ The product named in this Presentation is not el thorized or 
retognitee by the Monetary As:Monty of Singapore (the 'MASI ;MC Mete kd ii ,.; interests 
snares alit 
be allovilht to be offeree to retail imiltic in 
Singapore. This Presentation maybe detritatrei. only fij to persons who are TinstItutional investors' under section 304 01 the SFA. 
for persona In Souttt Kona Teas Presentation r; heals proY*.nro to you.: for general etcusson purposes only to gaoge the level of interest in the reievare 
prosi.cts The celdarry of Qin fOrSOMOtioll to you sixtukt not he comer titre ilu 31.y Wei, as riAisiling inveslnient or offering to sea any interests deso gest h. this 
ere:en:anon Rather, betore the sans 01 any men product. the mei will Fest be registered with the Financial Services Cisoundiri-sri In Sotto and a locaiii 
liceriasa entity still be engaged. 
For persons In SMteerland. Credit Suite provices no guarantee with regard to the ancient and completeness of the information and Goes not &vein any 
Itanlibi fur loV.rs that might arise Iron. frisking use of the znrurreatron If nothing is a dicated to the contrary, all fig vas are tir
tidityd. 
intorrestan 
pmt.'s:leo herein is far the estluarie use of the recipient Private email( it: private egulty capital investment In companies that are not trailed publicly (I e , are 
rizt Mato tin a stock exchange;. nriyaie equity lose:Relents are generally ill€rhuid and are seen as a long-terns investment. Friseite equity investments. auciunkig 
the Investment opportunity described herein, may inciode the folkwor-g aileltIonal risks: 0) loss of all or a substantial :pietas: of die inseutods investment. fill 
nvestoren: manager: May base incentives to make investment: that are tidier or more specuratke rue to perfortnance.tased compercanon, tar] tack of 
hot:icily as there may be no secondary ITIAlet, 
vOl3tIlity Of fen. Ms, fy) restrictions OF. transfer. (Vi 3 potential p. o. of olversification, fern hitet rev, end 
rr, pereee, (Yin) little or re requirement to provide ecotone( pritung and (iv) coulee^ say SZO.:(.02reS are celays in heave) Ling important tat information to 
in=s: tars. 
The reorsesentallve of the fund in Swatted:Aro is Hugo Puna Services SA, 6 Lairs de Nye, Cie-1204 Geneva (the 'Representativel. The offering documents, 
ant-Assof asioLiatai arid audited thiamin .1.atensehts ten be tenainee free r4 charge horn thy Sepresentariye Inn- piece of per:Any:runnu iniornt of the 
Fund offerer, or cistritittleo in or from Switzerland is the registerec offioe of the Representative. The courts of the cantor of Geranta shall have jurisdiction in 
relation tr, any ognestes arcing not or ihe uetIoss.4 to nerve:new ne. Any rAsoute relater: to the el:Vita:ion of interarts:A the tern, in ere.. from Switzer land 
shall tuusuhlect to theism:eh:lien of the registered /Afire of the reurhbutor 
The Paying Agent In Switaalarkti is Banque Canto ale urr Geneve, 17 Ctilhi ue 
cn-:1207 Geuesu, Se/Rioland (the -Paynn Agenn Interests goy he 
Nab:tribe-1, asettor redeemeo with the Paykig Agent A handling commission will be ct-arger: by the Paying Agent if a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions. a no money must lye receiver: by th.t. paying agent et least ;14 hours before the approperale dealing co t•of f time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099897 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246081 
EFTA01393980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393981.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES. INCLUDING THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. governmental agency. are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. or any of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities 
described In this presentation have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities. such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may otter fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your 
employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction. and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00248083 
DB-SDNY-0099899 
EFTA01393981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393982.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 F3.3131 C3.1 LLC 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 61e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-00S9900 
SDNY_GM_00246084 
EFTA01393982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393983.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099901 
SDNY_GM_00246085 
EFTA01393983

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393984.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393984.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
STRICTL,  CONFIDENTIAL 
I ' TN.: - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099902 
SDNY_GM_00246086 
EFTA01393984

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393985.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393985.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC') and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may not be requited by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration of an entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations - Further there have been a number of high profile instances where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• 
Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the fund. in 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to file its return without requesting an extension of time to Me. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack of tax information may result in an investor being taxed on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing may exceed those of a long-only mutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial amount of their investors' money. 
iCapital. 
STRICTUr. CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099903 
SDNY_GM_00246087 
EFTA01393985

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393986.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393986.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors. LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
iCapital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099905 
SDNY_GM_00246089 
EFTA01393986

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393987.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393987.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
LY ,,ONFOENTIAL 
2' QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099906 
SDNY GM_00248090 
EFTA01393987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393988.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE fund at its inception 
- These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of investment 
- They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
- Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital calls in the future 
- This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any time 
- Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
- The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
- The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund extensions 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099908 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246092 
EFTA01393988

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393989.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393989.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities' 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flowsl 
In 'WO 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
1.400 
Pricing 
- Re-price existing funded assets 
1,200 
Flexibility 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
1,000 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
800 
600 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
400 
Mitigate J-
- Shorter duration of investments 
200 
Curve 
— Earlier cash distributions 
(200) 
Years 
Complement 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
(400) 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
(WO) 
Capital calls and managen*nt fees 
Distributions 
tE00) 
CumLlabve cash flows 
(1) This information is for riic.1.e:5 win puiposes and reflrrcts Glendower Capitals own analysis. The graph is an example for illtrstrative purposes only aril the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099909 
SDNY_GM_00246093 
EFTA01393989

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393990.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393990.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this ..Aide is for 'fluor...-. 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
'poses: only and summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of thd presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099910 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246094 
EFTA01393990

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393991.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393991.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099911 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246095 
EFTA01393991

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393992.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393992.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
I ntroductiont" 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned by its partners 
- Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1st, 2017 
- Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
- Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash flows and negligible loss ratio 
- Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-investing strategy pursued since 2006 
- Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers globally 
- Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
- With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
- In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 50 investors 
- Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
- Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
;• 
(2) Perfamance tytires have been calculated bas-:-..-3 ‘;rE tine uneudted mforniarce results of ScF.. U.  Li. SC,I 
is as 
Sapterut.fra A 
',f. 
ancua, be lead arto 
P.:,...111..Itti0n 
the 
:tan, 
Information" and -Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" section in particular includes. among other things. a desciiption of the terms tared in the 
tables above and sets forth anal:a-tank guidelines and lb.:Satiate. as to the performarsie described above. Net p-erlorrname data reflects amourds net of expenses. feel end CEETISti interest. Imieslors should consult with 
lila' own kittOWer₹ as to ttw appropriate factors to be ocefredtsed 
si
eveatiri this inianyzdion Past perfcesiance is not a pie:action of the kfla performance of SOF. SOF O. SOF II a SOF lit but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
C-iendower Capita Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. L P. fSOF IV or the "Fteei'l * being foymed by Gkindower Capital. LIP r-Gienr
weri. which is authorized and iegulated by the United Kingdom Financial Corwiust 
Authority 
The Fund is sec kiru USS1 75 billion in total commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns principally in the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition. hokling 
and disposition of a averse port*lio of investments incitAno buyout growth 
Ainti.se capital special siteedions, tuntdieund mezzanine. deafressed opportunities. realestate art infrastructure assets from tie
secondary market The Fundwill target globally but primarif: in the (15 and Europe (0 the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist private equity fund structures tincludirg funds of funds. feeder 
fords and other similar siructures1 on the secondary market 
wy:li fund or Imo:aura. a 'Fuld Secondary i. 
the acquisition of °tem in DOIMAXA of private eouty assets on the secondary market in transaction's 
with greater complexity eicluding Spin-rn SpfrOttS. .as-end fr5stuctizing. assetriquidati‘-n. and LP tenders teachsth invevment interest. a .C;F-led Secoridarci. arid oil) inveginents is an individuai portfolio company 
alongside private equity fund sponsois teach such invealment. a 'Single. Asset Dear). 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099912 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246096 
EFTA01393992

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393993.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393993.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS 137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
ai
Rene: tint year.. 
Carlo Pitzio-Biroll 
Managing Partner, CEO - London 
DetrISChe Bank, CDB Wob Tech: General Electric: 
The Boston Gansuling Group 
MBA. CeluerLa Su wane. >h...161 tslEng. Ron., 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO - London 
Deutsche Bank ABN Ammo KPMG 
BCamt. KZN Univcrerly. Smith Abra CA (SA' 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Room. 
0*
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
Vice President, Finance, 
London 
Re-pined team in 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers 8 Lybrand 
.IA. Cambridge Debt:mai; ALMA 
Joshua Glaser 
Of
Partner, Client Coverage - New York 
Deutsche Bank: Paul Capital: Forum Capital; 
C1BC Oppenheimer 
BS. Tear. U1S,e1111 
Devrup BanerJee 
;I:-
Vice 
President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
41) 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
tit 
Aldrich Chan 
O 4& 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the team 
Rafael Enrique; - Hesles 
Associate. 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
(hiring - 10181 
Vice President, Fund 
Controller. New York 
York 
Adam Gram 
Partner - New Yak 
Deulsche Bank: Pomona: Lehman Brothers; 
ChatterjeelSoros: Cowen 
BA, Celd.ne lamensent
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director - London 
ADM. UBS. Deutsche Bank. Credit Suisse 
Ralf:act:me 
Philippe Ferneini 
Vice President. 
London 
years vath the team 
Sheldon Lee 
4 0 
Analyst, 
London 
Jeered it, 2018 
(hiring -10181 
S 
Partner - London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA. Curelosam Ulmer eh* 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor - London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo 8 Co 
MBA. unprersrly or C. 
• 
MA. Milan Derr. 
ri
victoa Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
poring - 10181 
U 
Associate, 
London 
Maxine Turner 
0* 
Vice President, Tax, New 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the learn 
Elena Sinirnova 
Vice President. 
London 
years kWh the team 
Helena Turley 
, 
Client Relations. 
London 
Rotoined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099914 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246098 
EFTA01393993

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393994.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393994.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(I) Performance figures have been calculated bayed on the unatidted 
re
 performance 
sults of SOF. SOF O. SOF and .SOF III as of September 30 2017 and slxhid he mad and levier:ix' in cunjunotian 
the "Inipodart 
information" and 'Notes to PerformanceInformation"
 sectsons of this presentation. Gross returns are press of trees. expenses arc carved merest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses tees arlo carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considerecrin evaluating this information. fast performance is not a prediction of the futtve performance of SOF. SOF ID SOF 
It w. SOF III but rs Eltek1/4104 
dal:ion:watts the track record of the Gleuloiver SOF Team and [fade can be no a.ssurance that SOF IV vat achmvis comparabm revads or that any target ratiltv Wall to/ adatweci See 
important information on the Track Record' sectors of this Pl'erSelltWOtl. 
(2) SOF D is a Euro denominated fiate,I US$ czAues, have been con -Natal at September 30. 2317 RJR:US$ rate ofoft 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio - a well diversified portfolio of 2e private equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special sitintions..venture capital and real 
estate sfiatcstges ki North Amer Eva. Europe and Asia The number VI kelttS arid companies IS a best estimate and WM'S* the agrfreseite of 
deaf at citisasa mat may Eltek41) WIT'S double courting. 
Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI it Distributions to Paid in Capital: IRR r  Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099915 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246099 
EFTA01393994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393995.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance' 7'3
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiples to limited partners 
50% - 
45% - 
40% - 
35% 
et 30% - 
ix 
1; 25% - 
5% - 
0% 
+Upper Quartile 
S0F 
22% 
t 
Lower Quartile 
• Median 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF II 
20% 
SOF III 
30% 
5x 
0.5x • 
0.0x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI =2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1 5x 
DPI= 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1 3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
• Index DPI 
Index RVPI 
SOF funds DPI 
SOF funds RVPI 
11) Source' Cambric* Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of September 30. 2017 based on data complied from 140 secondary tu 
with a ml:: 
S kinds ;or vedi. 
fully liquidated partnerships. 
fanned between .d04 and 2014 E4(11 SOF Fund its shovm ben chmarked against their respoct 
vintage peer fuotip..This infoonsion elects, a comparison of SOF'. son 
s 
It arid SO)- Ill performarcie against one 
benchmark a=y; quartree may differ when corn0ceed to other benohmarking soirees. SOF.
ra 
 SOF J. SCir ii and SOF 
data son included in the data set reed to calculate the berictiriaitt data 
Intormation yes/sited in this chair its based on the Luaudted results of SOF, SOF 0. SOF II and SOF ill as c4 September i3D. 2017 and itheuld be read and reviewed in cvnµexlian with the imecortant Information's and 
Nast to investinent Perframance Intimation' sections of this 40c0nlielt 
131 Past performance is n'$ a prediction of the future I>0110fOtert6 el SOF. SOF 0, SOF X or SOF HI but is included to oeniont;trae the track record el the Gler4-swer SOF Team. 
(41 internal rates of returns are net of fees. expenses and canned interest. Cambridge Assoaates research show that most funds take et least six years to settle irto their final 'scuttle ranking, anrA IXE-VIOUS to this settling 
!hey tYPx1rfifY rank in 2-3 WIWI .ftrailltilnk therefore fund or ben&Plifik livildh1l±Xte Metrics turn more recent vintage years may be less ineeniesed. Median, is the middle fund !RR or theToo of individual fund iRRs 
s•rzsyiss m a vintage year trnintintn 3 fundsi. Upper/ lows- quartile are lit threshos for the upper (Min 25%1 and 
(batoir. "Zir41quartiksis based on les Inds-dual feed III2Rs inc€uded in a cnr₹ape year and are ksed 
in conjunclion with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 3 finds). 
CS3 CI 1 
Distiibstiors to aid-€n Capital; FIVPi 
Residual Vim!, to Paid-In Capita. 
Total Valve to Paid-tie:2*mi. TVPI. RVPI ar4 ;ham€ are pooled retisn aggregating all cacti Pews and endilv *Ws in a sample to 
calculate a dollarivireighted return.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRIC"FLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099916 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246100 
EFTA01393995

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393996.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393996.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPP 
2Bx 
2.0x 
1.5x 
1.0x 
0.5x 
0.0x 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Overlie 4p SOF Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IFR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
(1) Source: Cambridge Awl:sates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. This information ieffects a comparison of SOF. SOF D. SOF II & SOF Ill performanceaoisinst one benchmark only 
Past 
padannatme is I
 a oreditAion c' the kittmi performarem of SOF. SOF D, SOP 
.2i. SOF II' &a 
is :heed to d einonstisite the track record of tiv Glendower SOP Maio. InformeAionlyesentecl in this dtart is based en 
the urvaudited results cg SOF. SOF D. SOF if and SG? III as of September $0.'017 and should he read and ix...rumored Ui conjunction with the important InfotinaliOn• and 'Notes to Indesiment Performance Information" 
sesMOISS (*adds presentation 
(2) TVPI= Total Valuate Paid-In Capital, DPI = Fastehtitione to Paici4t1 Capital: Net iRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVFI and DPI are pooled return awiegating all cast, flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
doiamweighted tenth. Net IRRts ale nut of tees. expenses arid cmtiedaitturest Cambridge Associates research shows that 01661 funds take. at least six yearsto settle fro then final quartile ranking. and pie:lotusto Les
sc.-attno they typioally tau* in 24 other quartiles. theefore fund oi be' ohmark perfc-tmuirr_oi metrlCS 
me recant ymbige years mar be was mewineftd. Top quaniw (s the eltesheid for the upper Bop 
quatt* 
bused cm the inclitiolual fund IRRs included xi a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum $4 funds.' 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099917 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246101 
EFTA01393996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393997.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
min
SOF 
—SOF 11 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
20% 
-40% 
-60% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
20A 
1.6x 
1.4X 
I 24 
1.0x 
0.40t 
0.5x 
4x 
02x 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
-$PF 
sennia.SOF 
80% 
40% - 
20% 
ESOP 
••••
940F 4 
HI 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
SOF 
--SOF 
---SOF III 
2.0x 
54 
1.0x 
0.5x 
OX 
3 
11 13 15 If 19 21 23 25 
It 29 3I 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
Caters tromneeption 
(1) Performance figures have been calmiated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as of September '30. 2017 anti should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Impoltat.t 
Information" and Notes to Per lormance Information sections of this presentation. Peel pertonnart* is not a predk-lof of Julies returns and there can be no assurance that S0F IV will acNeve comparable results or thin 
any target results wl0 pe achieved tr4re is no guarantee tea future pgertormarce will be consistent with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF III. Performance information on SOF D has riot teen fncksimi un let: 
Mode bec.iuse. SOF 0 is a single transaction top up fund raised in 2010 to Ullfierfilite paripassu the Da lima transaction with SOF. Glendower does not ea pc-ct that similar tram.actions will be available to SOF IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099919 
SDNY_GM_00246103 
EFTA01393997

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393998.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393998.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
• Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
• Mid-market GP-led deals of USS100-250m 
• Single-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
• Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
• Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market risk' 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
• Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
• Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
• Average 20% discount to FMV 
• Average -80% funded at time of entry 
ill Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. There can be no asstrance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. Further. Glendower may modify its portfolio constniction cnteria at and 
time at:4 in any 
ntwrth 
thm it LA, Wives to be f.fonsneent viith iw overeli investment etAddivN in raspy:seto nialkst within:its or other l*:torewithaft notice to io.vestors. 
information prodded as at September 30, 2017 Thee can be no assurance that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will De avoided. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246106 
DB-SDNY-0099922 
EFTA01393998

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01393999.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01393999.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
Markets 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
Glendower Capital 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since nor 
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
0; 
es, i,: !.,i!i“Cf market :Awn based on own triarkeit intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 711:. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried inter,st. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance trines have been calculated based on the unaudited 
pert-out:erica recut. and shoald be read and revtewed 
conpalction %lab the 'Importers Inforrnaon" aryl 'Notes
the investment Perforrnanc-s' sections 
the-a preeentatiqt Er* above 
investment Perlormarr.e' 
section in particular Includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to 
 per
 descrbed
 Past performance rs no te
a 
of the lutuie p.erfarnance 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246107 
DB-SDNY-0099923 
EFTA01393999

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394000.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394000.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USS6bn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source. Getter Capilal proratitarr information as at 15 tirfaich 2018. Ntsrnbar of transeacos Inolseies 
rriseerneils armi splits out transactions vrtikth have, been arnataialed in one, &3,1 for repetinr; 
purposes. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099925 
SDNY_GM_00246109 
EFTA01394000

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394001.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394001.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
-01 
Zi 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discounts 
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
Seller 
Description 
ro 
.2> 
Modigliani 
US$38m 
funds 
European 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
(SOF II) 
34% 
225 assets 
Global 
family offices • Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
Whitney 
USS64m 
fund 
US 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
(SOF II) 
27% 
assets 
pension fund • US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
V 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 I e n ClOWer 
 Cfinal 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099926 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246110 
EFTA01394001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394002.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
r5 
L. 
O 
Description 
r.,
E" 
Er-
5g 
O 
Ce-5 
oco 
.0 
7i
'
6. 
3a 
4n 
—co 
CI 
.O 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
STR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099927 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246111 
EFTA01394002

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394003.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394003.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099928 
SDNY_GM_00246112 
EFTA01394003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394004.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower C-apitri analysis. and own estknates Lased on Greenhill Secondary Markel Trends & LASlook, Jemmy 2018: G•eertrill GP •'Shier% DisztKiwn 1Mterats. May 2017: and Dow Jon-es Pr ;ate Ediaty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = Forecast There la r•io warm-Iles the eVirnate €rrih!!0!ttd 
nt erraze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or 9ttarantE•e of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099929 
SDNY_GM_00246113 
EFTA01394004

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394005.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394005.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And increased propensity to trade 
Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion' 
US$bn 
3.000 
2,500 - 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 - 
500 - 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Ni Unrealised portfolo value 
Dry powder 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2
2.2% • 
2.0% • 
1.8% 
1.6% • 
1.4% 
1.2% • 
1.0% 
0.8% • 
0.6% • 
0.4% 
0.2% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As % of total PE assets 
i1) Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 values as at June. 
(2) $ource. Glendower Capital based on an Preqin C4obal Private Eqt.Aly & Venture Cap al Remt Greenhill Secondary tV1-vket Tftlroli 
macy 2015; arci ChYti Jorielt Private tai .ty Anatyst Guide 
Secondary Itarket. June 2017. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099930 
SDNY_GM_00246114 
EFTA01394005

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394006.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394006.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong 
US$bn 
140
120 
secondary capital supply'... 
... but 
US$bn 
700 
125 
600 
dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
Dry Powder 
3.7x 
• Deal volume 
<1- Cry Fbw der 
Deal Volurre 
100 - 
500 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
400 
300 
• 
200 
•••• 
a:, 
100 
ill 
ill 
rill 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
it) Source: Glendower Capital estirr 
(21 $ource. Glendower t".ada€ ets ,
Report 20'8. 
Glendower 
Capital 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 20l$. 
2018 Preget t31obai Petvato Ferny & \immure Carat Report: Greenhifl Seamdarg Pricsnp Trans & Analysis. January 2018 and Rain & Company Glottal Private. Eitim 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246116 
DB-SDNY-0099932 
EFTA01394006

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394007.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394007.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
Sourer ar17 Preritin GoCriS Private Equity S Ventura Capital Report. 
1.2) Sokurce. Greenhill Secondary Market tends 8 Outlook. January• 2013 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099933 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246117 
EFTA01394007

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394008.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394008.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Brand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
looking to provide a 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
le BC Partners 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
YE C:7 
One Eccety Partners 
WARMINGPI:W2)N 
NAN( ED 
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
DUKE 
STREET 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
Etitkio 
SbnA 
• 
city zit 
GMT 
Zurmont Madison 
STAGE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
USSbn 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• . 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(I;. Fosse. Glendower Capital analysis based rn Gieenhil Secondary Market ireixls 3 Outlook. January MIS: and Dow Jones. Private Equity Anislyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2917 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099934 
SDNY_GM_00246118 
EFTA01394008

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394009.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394009.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
e
HIGHSTAR d CA.P:TAL 
CIN MI; 
ANE 
PAWNER::
Real Estate 
COLONY 
NORTHSTAR 
Morgan Stanley 
II A RCO REAL ESTATE 
Amadeus Capital Partners 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30. 2017. 
KKR 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
rcv 
octopus veriz,..res 
Palamon 
%odor—
Glendower 
Capital 
Gilds 
Buy Out 
Patton 
t . hi R. 
tt 
Os Pollen 
7.1— Street 
• 
Capital 
DUKE 
STREET 
STAG E 
tisj
Lou. Pomrt CAPITAL 
Capital 
GMT 
*VIM 
'Quadrangle 
Zumont Madison 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SMITHFIE 
ET 
ENHANCED 
EQUITY 
FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099937 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246121 
EFTA01394009

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394010.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394010.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Deal Type 
Region 
Sunrise 
Stage 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
SOF IV 
Description 
Investment 
• 
Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
GP-led 
North America 
Exclusive 
Intermediated 
$524 million 
$100 million 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• 
Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
Klein 
GP-led 
EMEA 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
€60-100 million 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• 
Penguin II 
GP-led 
Global 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€150 million 
€150 million 
Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
A 
Single Fund 
APAC 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$6 million 
$6 million 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
B 
Single Fund 
Global 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$50 million 
$50 million 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
Funds 
Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
C 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$50 million 
$50 million 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
Portfolio 
and mezzanine funds 
D 
Funds 
• 
Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$200 million 
$200 million 
Portfolio 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
E 
• 
Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
GP-led 
APAC 
Early Stage 
Limited Process $1.4 billion 
$100+ million 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
Single asset 
• 
Opportunity to purchase founders shares in an existing 
F 
North America 
Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
$20 million 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
deal 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
.or diSCASICI) purposes only There rs no guarantee that any pipeline investment MI complete or form part of a future invested portfolio or that d will be available or, after further due diligence. prove suitable for
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099938 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246122 
EFTA01394010

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394011.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394011.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Expected Closing Date: 
June 2018 
Li Fund Secondary 
NeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
E60-100m (US$80-120m) 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
>5% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
Europe / UK 
0/0 funded at close 
80% 
Industries 
Business services / Healthcare services 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 mid-
market pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
- Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
- The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
- Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
- Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
Investment rationale 
- Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
- Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
For dear:akin pcaposec rjy. Tha 
pr 
reed above I .W s. flOt cliose-d. and these is no guarantee that st., 1 intestine'? wit c:amok:4e or !cart 
o' Ivbire invested portfc4io or that it Al bei avaliab4e or. aftei fultrRi 
due diligence. prove suitable for :30F Di This slide should be reed end reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infomiation and "Important Perfra mane Information and Notes to Investment Pedormance sections 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099940 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246124 
EFTA01394011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394012.pdf
----------------------------------------
:;,1:511+: CI 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
STR CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099941 
SDNY_GM_00246125 
EFTA01394012

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394013.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394013.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
≥-ease,€) read the confident-A private plawri.ent men orandten ot tbka Fin) tUte -Meitiorarylum") or the full dkseicAttee of risk factors. conflicts of interest. conykiste terms, aryl regulatory• and taw considerations of *as Fund. 
For hither diailcssure of fees, such as lees and tN.%enses pad by the Fund. please refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence ol 
i1" 
doctanents are tri the process of being pc-spary-.1 and will be made available to prospectrw investors upon recNest. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unhanded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099942 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246126 
EFTA01394013

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394014.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394014.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Asoiration The full guidelines can be (rand at htlp/rilpsi orgfprinoiplesiyersic^ 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. PRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099943 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246127 
EFTA01394014

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394015.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394015.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099944 
SDNY_GM_00246128 
EFTA01394015

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394016.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394016.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BBA. George Washington 
Univosity, MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
 Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
MA Economics and 
Management, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
-P,S Finance. New York 
iniversky's Stern School of 
business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom 
: 
; 
MBA Chicago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099947 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246131 
EFTA01394016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394017.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation. execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
vatting, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012. Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Glendower 
Capital 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit. where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in London. Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related ftrictions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015. having achieved first class 
honors. 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE. 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in New York. Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group. and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance. having 
achieved University Honors. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099948 
SDNY_GM_00246132 
EFTA01394017

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394018.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394018.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
BSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Buckneli 
i.iniversrty 
Based in New York, Rafael sipports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to pining Glendower Capital. Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acqtasitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
Irdtistrial Management 
industrial Engineering. 
Nationale Supeiietre 
Mines de Nancy.
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London. in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. Sweden. and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy. France. 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank. Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and PrIcax.. University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team. first as financial controller and 
then as the Chef Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance. 
Deutsche Bank. Grant Thornton 
Based in London. Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital. Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011.13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (Hone) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246133 
DB-SDNY-0099949 
EFTA01394018

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394019.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394019.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50rn 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
(I The number of investors includes all investors in WE III with commitments over US.$2m The toted number of investors, inducting time 'westing thi ough pi wale wealth feeder funds. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099950 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246134 
EFTA01394019

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394020.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394020.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forresla I Co Lila. L; .0 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital'
Funded capital;
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
41554n) 
(L/S5m) 
Closing 
Portfolio detail 
1- Porter 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-Id Secondary 
144.9 
117.2 
14 
1.9x 
US - rod-market buyout 
2- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Faancial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
O4 14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
3- Malcolm 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
O4 14 
1.0x 
ROW -buyout 
4- Costa 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
O1 15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyoul 
5- Diamond 
Limited Process 
Allernatme Funds 
Fund Secondary 
23.0 
9.7 
O2 15 
1.6x 
Global - diversified 
6- Mozart 
Proprietary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
O2 15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7- 
Leibowitz 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
O3 15 
I.2x 
Europe - growth equity 
8- 
POSCOli 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
O3 15 
0.0x 
Global - buyout 
9- Clegane 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.7 
14.7 
O3 15 
1.8x 
US 
rivd-market buyout 
10- Steinbock II 
Leaded Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
O3 15 
1.2x 
Global -diversified 
11- Mammy 
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
O4 15 
2,9x 
Global - foal estate 
12- Neon 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
O4 15 
1.2x 
Europe - real estate 
13- Genzaga 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.3 
15.1 
O4 15 
1.0x 
Europe - mkt-market buyout 
14- Drive 
Leaded Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
17.6 
15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
15- Flute 
Limited Process 
SwF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
O4 15 
I.4x 
Global - buyout 
16- Iskar 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
O1 16 
2.3x 
Europe - real estate 
17- Bosch 
Limited Process 
Parish/ Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
O1 16 
1.5x 
Global doerofied 
18- Staccato 
Propnetary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
O2 16 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
19- Rose 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
O2 16 
1.0x 
Europe - mid market buyout 
20- Janos 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
O2 16 
1.2x 
US - mid-market buyout 
21- Aurum 
Proprietary 
Allernatne Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
O3 16 
0.7x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
22- Laurel 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
101.6 
40.7 
O3 16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversified 
23- Tcrerei 18 II 
Limited Process 
Musiple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - and market buyout 
24- Falco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
25- Peak 
Looted Process 
Multiple 
Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
O4 16 
1.2x 
Europe - mid-markel buyout 
26- Amy 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
16 
1.84 
Global - drversified 
27- Chaucer 
Proprietary 
Fund Secondary 
154 9 
81.6 
O1 17 
1.0x 
Europe 
growth equity 
28- Westores 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
O1 17 
1.24 
US - mid-rnarkel buyout 
29- Eddard 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
O1 17 
1.54 
Europe - mid-market buyoul 
30- Sutherland 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
O1 17 
1.6a 
Europe - mid-market bewail 
31- Christophe 
Proprietary 
(WA 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
O1 17 
0.9x 
Global - real estate 
32- Newton 
United Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
968 
118.0 
4.4 
O2 17 
4.1x 
US -diversified 
33- WOO 
Proprietary 
Public lo Private 
Single Asset Deal 
32.0 
31.9 
O3 17 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
34- Gini 
Proprietary 
Family Office r HNW 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
O3 17 
1.0x 
US - mid-market buyout 
35- Artemis 
Legated Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
O3 17 
4 
10.5 
1.3x 
Eur 
- mid-market b 
SOF III Closed 
Total 
149 
2,837 
1,931.2 
1162.6 
1.4x 
VI/ Number of ciampanitis are bash eNimate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPl) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(31 The pg.-torment:4 figures have been calculated based on unauatted fair Vthies and sharid be'ea and renewed in conjunction ;Milt the 'important ktbrunation' and linprtant Performance Mformatice secttar 
performance Snot a guerartee or indicator of future results. and there can be rio assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099951 
SDNY_GM_00246135 
EFTA01394020

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394021.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394021.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
2011 
Fund size 
US$614m 
Gross invested capital 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
1.16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
0.37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
1.53x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
aul 
II 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
16% 
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
GrovAh Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 -2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 -2015 
Sector composition 
lall. 
Industrials 
al
. Consumer 
Business Services 
Technology 
As at September ?O. 2017. Past perfortim-ase is not a guarantee :a indicator et future results . and time can be no assutanca that the fund will achieve cornoteable tesults 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infonnation• and 'Notes to truestment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
lall 
Healthcare 
1/1 
Financial Services 
Ill
Natural Resources 
Real Estate 
II 
3k
Communications & Media 
5%11 Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099952 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246136 
EFTA01394021

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394022.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394022.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal CO H',1 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Drafter name 
Sourcing 
Seller typo 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested capital?
(USEm) 
Funded capitol/
(USlim) 
Intial 
closing 
Gross 
multiple' 
Portloio dria/ 
1- 
Monet I, II 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary y Seigle Asset Deal 
46.8 
45.8 
11 
7r 
Europe - buyout 
2- 
Beethoven 
ProPriotary 
Multiple 
GP4od Secondary 
27.1 
26.9 
11 
1.6x 
Europe - growth equity 
3- 
Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.2 
2 
11 
3.0x 
Europe - late stage venture 
4- 
Grant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.1 
11 
1.8x 
US - mezzanine 
5- 
Hemingway 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
16.4 
16.4 
11 
1.0x 
US - special situations 
6- 
ModolSmi I-V E RE 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
225 
38.4 
37.1 
12 
2.0x 
Global - diversified 
8- 
Hockney 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
8.1 
12 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
9- 
Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Instilution 
Fund Secondary 
9.4 
sA 
0312 
It 
Europe -mezzanine 
10- Hopper 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
15.1 
14.1 
12 
It 
US - mid-market buyout 
11- Donatelb 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund Secondary 
3.0 
3.0 
12 
1.1X 
US -mezzanine 
12- 
Pollock 
Proprietary 
HOW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
13.4 
13.1 
12 
2.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
13- 
Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension Fund 
Fund Secondary 
64.0 
21.5 
12 
2.9x 
Europe - buyout 
15- 
Constable 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
26.1 
24.3 
13 
1.2x 
Europe - buyout 
16- Cecconi 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Farrel/ office 
Fund Secondary 
12.8 
11.0 
13 
1.86 
Global - diversified 
17- 
Batley 
Proprietary 
Migmatite Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
30.2 
30.5 
13 
2.4x 
Europe - growth equity 
18- 
Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
97.3 
81.7 
13 
1.34 
Global - diversified 
19- Guardi 
Limited process 
HOW/ Famly office 
Fund Secondary 
140 
13.3 
11.8 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
21- Windmill L II 
Proprietary 
Co. porato 
Single Asset Deal 
22.7 
20.5 
14 
0.74 
Europe - growth equity 
23- Browning 
Limited Process 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
8.8 
7.1 
14 
1.9x 
US - diversified 
24- 
lonesco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
27.7 
25.8 
14 
2.8x 
Europe - buyout 
25- Zampieri 
Proprietary 
Caporal° 
Single Asset Deal 
238 
23.4 
14 
1,6x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
26- Fitzgerald 
Syndication 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
150 
15.0 
14 
1.4x 
US - buyoul 
28- 
Porter 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
74.7 
80.4 
14 
1.9x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
100 
10.0 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
30- 
Abols 
Limited process 
Alternatrro Funds 
Fund Secondary 
11.8 
10.8 
14 
1.3x 
Europe - growth equity 
31- Laurel 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
452 
19.0 
0318 
2.41c 
Europe - diversifed 
SOF II 
Total 
737 
668.1 
55t 7 
1.73 
Nuinbei of odrepzelies. are bes4 eMirnate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF II is 1.5X. 
(31 The perforrnariCe Tiptoes Fa-re been cakkaateci based on inaudged fair altiF,F. arid SPOtid be teal; and re.yiev.ed in corOnction wall OW 'important Information' arxi "linportant Perkirmance 
isect
i.a of this 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099953 
SONY GM_00245137 
EFTA01394022

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394023.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394023.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
05x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FM V= Fair Market Value 
Past perfonname. is ixit a guarantee or €ndicstor al future res=its, mid tee can be ma assurance that the fund will achieve comparable ray.ilts. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the important Information' and -Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
El 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099954 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246138 
EFTA01394023

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394024.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394024.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 For 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested copilot:
Funded capital:
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Coal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
(USSiii) 
(USSIrri 
CloSsig 
, 
multiple 
Portfobo delad 
1- Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Insteution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205 3 
166.0 
07 
2.0x 
US I Europe - dreersched 
2- Sprint 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset Deal 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.0x 
Europe - buyout 
3- Constellation 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
0.9x 
US / Europe - grovAh equity 
4- Cram 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.7x 
Europe - special situations 
5. Freedom 
Syndication 
Pension 
GP-kid Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6- Pigeon 
Limrted Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24.7 
GEI 
1.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
7- Hoover I` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
08 
9x 
US / ASta 
deersifted 
8- Hoover Ift
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
8.8x 
US - mezzanine 
9- Amadeus I 
Limited Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.4x 
Europe - buyout 
10- Hoover Ill 
Limited Prece&s, 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.8x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
11- Arnadcsis 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.3x 
Europe - buyout 
12- Hoover IV` 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
a 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
13- Hoover V1
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.7x 
US -- mezzanine 
14/21- Bach 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP4ed Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.0x 
Europe - venture capital 
15- Hoover VI'
Limited Process 
/alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
10 
1.7x 
US / Europe - mid-market buyout 
16- Hoover VII 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.4x 
US - mid-market buyout 
I 7- Hoover VIII` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
18- DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.04 
US / Europe - diversified 
19- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
294 
10 
9x 
US / Europe - mezzanne 
20- Hoover IX.
Proprietary 
KW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US Europe - diversified 
SOF 
Sub Total 
154 
1.774 
548.13 
433.3 
tit 
DeVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
10 
3.0x 
US! Europe - diversified 
SOF ;mil SOF 0 
Total 
154 
1,774 
686 9 
500 5 
hluinbei of conic,: 
%so ben entracte 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purcllase prim, plt.n untunited obligatiom Raided e.aprtal is the amount funded it each nomadic/a The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF Dls 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Constar:I Irma ELIF0 to UST using a rate of 1.1821 
PI The perforrnanr,e figures are baited on unsighted lair values and should be read and reviewed m conµnction with the important Information- and "Important Performance Information- sections. Gross.  returns are arose of 
lees, reccermws and atoned interest, which are hot Oared 
tlw lir:enema level so perlormance is rIcA e;4pectrel to in rfrpressitative ol itiVeRibleft IStUrr-4 to !wasters. investors 241(riati consult with theirvon atiViS9f6 
as to the appropriate factors to be considered in esti:La:frig this intormation. Past performance s not a pediMion of future performance, but 0 a includedto demonstrate the trac record of the Gleisiosser SOF leael and. 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or tint any target results will be achieved. 
(43 Hoover tf:ItS.C.Ctian4 represent the rileeeArrient6 made by SOF via a a,m•6al purpose vehicle i'SPV") attracting addkional as-^,muntinc, and administrative expenses The actual performance for the SFV may be lower than 
the performance of the individual unrestmeris because nt the additional amounting and adMircslrilliViit M.penSeS The aggregate net multiple of this SPV, Including the fees and expenses Is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099955 
SDNY_GM_00246139 
EFTA01394024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394025.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 For 
. 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidentiat peisentation (this "Presentation") is being made available tu you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the Uniteo emedern 
Finereial Conduct AtiMorey, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by Glendower, Ind:Riding in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation e 
made available but thet Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is net an offer to sell. nor a solicitation cf an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant la Ihe offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conddions of an inveslmerti in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if made. may not be ielied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to melded investors on a confidential basis al their 
request. The Information contained in this Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified In its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. Investments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before cletedina to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk charactenstice of the Fund's investments 
Potential COntiliStS of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Stessee). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal adviser within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prorneated thereunder t'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. material. or information that Credit Suisse provides tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor Rule ("Covered Party) are provWed en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary lo the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, material. or 
inforrretion provided to them by Credit Sui8se Credit Suisse also 'MD net soled a Covered Party for direct or indirect cainwisalion on behae of an unaffiliated investment &Mser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that Investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisoiy services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower Cr its afeirates es to the accuracy or completenese of any ineemalion supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or verified by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny representation or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept sleety confidential and may not he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwiths€anding the foregoirra. each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tee treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. protieed. however, that such disclosure shall not include the name ior other identifying inkrimation not relevant to the lax structure or tae treatment) of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099956 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246140 
EFTA01394025

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394026.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394026.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 For 
. 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily dedicative Of futue results and thoe can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund veil eyuni of 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement tit; investment eine:ewes or achieve Is investment objectives 'The Fun-cis investment strategy and agilicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
eiNendower lias invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and or belief contained in this Presentation and al views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to eepectations retarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct. that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors wilt receive a return of their capital. 
in addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional informations correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any addit'nal informatbn to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible subject to applicable law. none of c.. .endowei or es 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential): damage, cost or expense suffered icr incurred by any person as a result of relying on any statement in, or ondssion torn, this Presentation. 
Any forward-kicking statements feetiluding. without timitation. pi:eke...tits of future earnings or value's results or valuations herein are based upon current esstimptiuns. may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or Its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, iwinion or valuation hems. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information 
See the 'Notes to Investment Pe€`:ormarice" containing additional important information regarding polo/mance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affiliates and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shalt not treat this Presentation as far. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to the Reopen! of this information and this intormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who came into possession of this Presentation are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the meats of the offering of interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial abitily and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099957 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246141 
EFTA01394026

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394027.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394027.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment hut no! including any OP-led Secondary) as reasonab€y determined by the Manager as the contest requires "Fund Secondaty means (a) an Interest held directly or indirectly by the Punct 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of hinds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause fa) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate commitments. and provkled that any portion° of 
interests referred to in clause tbj shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period that is aaared (other than for follow-on investments) sha€ be deorned to equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be deteimined to be an Early Stage Investment 
"GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. L.P DS Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and 05 Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P. 
"SOF D" means OB Secondary Oppodunifkis Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodundnas Fund tt, L.
"SOF lir means Secondary Opportunities Fund HI. LP 
"SOF Funds," 'SOF Program.' or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF Hi. 
'SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"MCI Wor€d index' The MSC' World index is a broad global equity bencilimark that represents large and mid-cap equ€y pertormance across 23 developed markets countries. H, covers approsimalely 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private equity buyout asset class by constricting a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investatg directly in private equity Hans 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099958 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246142 
EFTA01394027

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394028.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394028.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Fci. 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to. licensee ci permitted by Autoriti Merietan Brunet Darussalam. Nor has it been registered with the Registrar of Compaeies. 'ens 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not stonsfitifte an menatIon or offer to the pub€ic As such. it naist nab be distributed or redistributed to and may not be re€ed upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Market Order. 2013 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended tor persons in Canada who qualify to be a 'permitted client' within the meaning National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Feeemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the infomazaton contained herein references securities of an suer incorporated. termed or created under the ben of Canada or a 
province Or terrace)! of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests 
For persons in Chile. All or sorry of the offered securities may have not been resysterc-d with the Supenntendentea de Valores y Seguros ("SYS') pursuant to law no 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities nor registered with the :WS may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of. or an invitation to subscribe for or purthase. the sectintes in the Republic of Chike other than to indivdua€y identified investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article a of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an otter that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public'). For additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities. please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China, No invitation to offer, or offer tor, or sale of. any interest or investment will be made to the public in the Peeples Republic of China CPRO") or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to individuals resefent in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRO government approvals. it is the investors responsibility to ensure that it has obtained afi necessary PRO government approvals to purchase any interest. participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory Or investment tranagement services. 
For persons In Colombia, This marketing material dues not constitute a public offer in the Republic of Colombia ft is being distributed under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the Management Company/issues have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia Potential Colombian investors should make their own decision whether this financial product mans thew investment objectives and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make ils own Inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers. Including the merits and inks involved. and as to leoal. tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Coloinban residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applithble rules and regulations related to the prom eelion of foreign) financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. Accordingly. the products may onN be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2565 of 2010 and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regu€ations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be conentieleatee to ..joa. erd arrestors within the meaning of the article O411 1 of the Monetary Financial Code (Code Mcinetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties 
For persons in Guernsey. This Piesentation has not been approved or authomced by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute financial advice. No public or private offering of the interests is 
neing :wade in Nadi and no agreement relating to the sale of the interests will be concluded in Hatt 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099961 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246145 
EFTA01394028

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394029.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394029.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS137 Fe!, 
H[,1 
L 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent investiaation of the risiis aIVO/I:Cu 0 I an 
investment in such interests The promotional dociimentation does not constitute en otter to the public and is for the use On of the named addressee and should not be g: en or shown to any other 
parson (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressees consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the Slate of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Eund should be made to aiendower 
For persona in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may net be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Otters of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA-). 
The CMA does riot make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of Ihis Document. and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from. or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests offered Hereby should conduct their own due clihgence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. IF you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an authorized thancial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 280 of Singapore ("SFA') and has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SEA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred to in this Presentation . You should conskier tarettilly vtiether the investment is suitable for you. The product named m ths 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAST) and none of its interests shares units shall be allowed to be offered to retail pubfic in Singapore. 
This Presentation nay be distributed only ffito persons who are Institutional investors under section 304 of the SEA 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the relevant products. The delivery of tiles Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product. the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Serves Commission in Korea and a locally licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any lability for lones that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indk.aled to the contrary. all tones are unaudited The information provided herein is fur the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e.. are not listed on a stock exchange) Private equity investments are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term invesimenl Private 
equity investments, includind the investment oppolunity described herein. may inceide the following additional risks'. (i) loss of all or a substantial poftn of the investors investment, (ii) investment 
itranaciers may have Incentives to make investments that are riskier or more speculabve due to performance-based compensation. (di) lack of liquidity as there nray be no secondary market. (iv) 
volatility of returns, IV) restrictions on transfer. (vii potential lack of drverstficaton, (vii) high fees and expenses. (vki) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing arid (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributina iin
itsrit tax inlorrnalion to investors 
The representative of the Fund in. Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the *Representative"). The offering documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained tree of onarge from the Representative The pace of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the c:vKoil of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in StviCerland is Banque Cantoriale de Geneve, 17 Quai de rile. CH-1207 Geneva. Switzerland (the Paying Agent'). Interests may be subscribed andror redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission wil€ be charged by the Paying Agent It a subscrOtion or redemption is made through the Pa grog Agent. instructions and money twist be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropnate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099964 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246148 
EFTA01394029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394030.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS 
C I 
L 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St nits and Nevis This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities COMMis-siuil 01 me 
Financial Services Reg-Mery Commission in St Knits end Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the :writs of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shoulii consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. tae or economic matters concerning his or her investment En the Fund 'There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being Me loss of the investor's entire 
l !We:Atria at 
For persons in UAErekbu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordirigN should riot be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests and (b) upon their specific request The interests in the Fund have net been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents or consultants rn connection with the addressee's consideration thereof) No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exanintithen of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state seamties commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state or other securities taws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act prosilded by Section 442) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other 
junsdictions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transfented or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities tots, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There tie be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099965 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246149 
EFTA01394030

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394031.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394031.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099969 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246153 
EFTA01394031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394032.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the 'Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (US), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099970 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246154 
EFTA01394032

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394033.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394033.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled -Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099971 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246155 
EFTA01394033

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394034.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394034.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the 
Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fccs collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099972 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_002461 56 
EFTA01394034

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394035.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394035.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS137 Forrestal Capital LLC 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099973 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246157 
EFTA01394035

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394036.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394036.pdf
----------------------------------------
Ferro W-9 
(Rev. November 2017) 
DePxtmem et the Treasury 
Internet Revenue Service 
Request for Taxpayer 
Identification Number and Certification 
Or Go to www.irs.gov/ForrnW9 for instructions and the latest information 
Give Form to the 
requester. Do not 
send to the IRS. 
a.
a. 
Name (as s 
n on your Income tax return). Name is required on this line; do not leave this line blank. 
Business namensregaroed entity name 
different from above 
Check appropriate box for federal tax classification of the person whose name a entered on line 1. Check only one of the 
following seven boxes. 
o Individual/sole proprietor or 0 C Corporation 
❑s Corporation 
CI Partnership 
Trust/estate 
single-member LLC 
K Limited liability company. Enter the tax classification (C-C corporation, S-S corporation. P-Partnership) ► 
Note: Check the appropriate box in the line above for the tax ciassilication of the single-member owner. Do not check 
LLC if the LLC is classified as a single-member LLC that is disregarded from the owner unless the owner of the LLC is 
another LLC that is not disregarded from the owner for US. federal tax purposes. Otherwise, a single-member LLC that 
is disregarded from the owner should check the appropriate box for the tax classification of its owner. 
o Other (see instructions). 
S Address (number, street. and apt. or suite no.) See instructions. 
Exemptions (codes apply wily to 
certain entities. not individuals: see 
instructions on Page 3): 
Exempt payee code (d are) 
Exemption from FATCA reporting 
code fif any) 
lApOon to seccu 
lane. wow IM USJ 
City, state, and ZIP code 
Requesters name no address (opt 
List account number(s) here (optional) 
Part I 
Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. The TIN provided must match the name given on line 1 to avoid 
backup withholding. For individuals, this is generally your social security number (SSN). However, for a 
resident alien, sole proprietor, or disregarded entity, see the instructions for Part I, later. For other 
entities, it is your employer identification number (EIN). If you do not have a number, see How to get a 
TIN, later. 
Note: If the account is in more than one name, see the instructions for line 1. Also see What Name and 
Number To Give the Requester for guidelines on whose number to enter. 
Part II 
I Social security number 
Or 
Employer Identification number 
Certification 
Under penalties of perjury, I certify that: 
1. The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a number to be issued to me); and 
2. I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been notified by the Internal Revenue 
Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the IRS has notified me that I am 
no longer subject to backup withholding; and 
3. I am a U.S. citizen or other U.S. person (defined below); and 
4. The FATCA codels) entered on this form (if any) indicating that I am exempt from FATCA reporting is correct. 
Certification instructions. You must cross out item 2 above if you have been notified by the IRS that you are currently subject to backupthhokling because 
you have failed to report all interest and dividends on your tax return. For real estate transactions. item 2 does not appfyor mortgage interest paid. 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property, cancellation of debt, contributions to an individual refiremeetrangement ORAL and generally, payments 
other than interest and dividends, you are not required to sign the certification, but you musirovide your correct TIN. See the instructions for Part II. later. 
Sign 
Here 
Signature of 
U.S. person ► 
Date ► 
General Instructions 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless otherwise 
noted. 
Future developments. For the latest information about developments 
related to Form W-9 and its instructions, such as legislation enacted 
after they were published, go to vnywirs.gov/ForrnW9. 
Purpose of Form 
M individual or entity (Form W-9 requester) who is required to file an 
information return with the IRS must obtain your correct taxpayer 
identification number (TIN) which may be your social security number 
(SSN). individual taxpayer identification number (ITN). adoption 
taxpayer identification number (ATIN). or employer identification number 
(EIN), to report on an information return the amount paid to you, or other 
amount reportable on en information return. Examples of Information 
returns include. but are not limited to. the following. 
• Form 1099-INT (interest earned or paid) 
• Form 1099-DIV (dividends. Including those from stocks or mutual 
funds) 
• Form 1099-MISC (various types of income. prizes. awards. or gross 
proceeds) 
• Form 1099-B (stock or mutual fund sales and certain other 
transactions by brokers) 
• Form 1099-S (proceeds from real estate transactions) 
• Form 1099-K (merchant card and third party network transactions) 
• Form 1098 (home mortgage interest), 1098-E (student loan interest), 
1098-7 (tuition) 
• Form 1099-C (canceled debt) 
• Form 1099-A (acquisition or abandonment of secured property) 
Use Form W-9 only if you are a U.S. person (including a resident 
alien), to provide your correct TIN. 
if you do not return Form W-9 to the requester with a TIN, you might 
be subject to backup withholding. See What is backup withholding, 
tater. 
Cat. No. 10231)( 
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099976 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246160 
EFTA01394036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394037.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
page 2 
By signing the filled-out form, you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected Income, and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating 
that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is 
FATCA reporting, later, for further Information. 
Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other 
than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if 
it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate); or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax under section 1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively 
connected taxable income from such business. Further, in certain cases 
where a Form W-9 has not been received, the rules under section 1446 
require a partnership to presume that a partner is a foreign person, and 
pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person 
that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your 
U.S. status and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of 
partnership income. 
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the 
partnership for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding 
withholding on its allocable share of net income from the partnership 
conducting a trade or business in the United States. 
• In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 
of the disregarded entity and not the entity; 
• In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner. 
generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and 
not the trust; and 
• In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust). the U.S. trust 
(other than a grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust. 
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use 
Form W-9. Instead. use the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see 
Pub. 515, Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign 
Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a 
nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce 
or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax 
treaties contain a provision known as a "saving clause." Exceptions 
specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to 
continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise 
become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. 
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception 
contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption 
from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement 
to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. 
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under 
which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien. 
2. The treaty article addressing the income. 
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the 
saving clause and its exceptions. 
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption 
from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 
the treaty article. 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 
exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese 
student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 
student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if his or her stay in 
the United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of 
the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows 
the provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 
student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese 
student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first 
protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax 
on his or her scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form 
W-9 a statement that includes the information described above to 
support that exemption. 
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you 
must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such 
payments. This is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be 
subject to backup withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, 
dividends, broker and barter exchange transactions, rents, royalties, 
nonemployee pay, payments made in settlement of payment card and 
third party network transactions, and certain payments from fishing boat 
operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to backup 
withholding. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you 
receive if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper 
certifications, and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your 
tax retum. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: 
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester, 
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for 
Part II for details), 
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN, 
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding 
because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax 
return (for reportable interest and dividends only), or 
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to 
backup withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend 
accounts opened after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. 
See Exempt payee code, later, and the separate Instructions for the 
Requester of Form W-9 for more information. 
Also see Special rules for partnerships, earlier. 
What is FATCA Reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a 
participating foreign financial institution to report all United States 
account holders that are specified United States persons. Certain 
payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA 
reporting code, later, and the Instructions for the Requester of Form 
W-9 for more information. 
Updating Your Information 
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you 
claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee 
and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this 
person. For example. you may need to provide updated information if 
you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you no 
longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if 
the name or TIN changes for the account; for example, if the grantor of a 
grantor trust dies. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a 
requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure 
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. II you 
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no 
backup withholding, you are subject to a 3500 penalty. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099977 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246161 
EFTA01394037

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394038.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394038.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099979 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246163 
EFTA01394038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394039.pdf
----------------------------------------
From: 
Donna Kerrigan 
Sent: 
7/17/2019 8:57:57 AM 
To: 
Stewart 0ldfield I 
Subject: 
FW: Urgent Request IC] 
Attachments: SouFin CBV x Product GMIS 2018-19.xlsx; image001.gif 
Classification: Confidential 
From: Leslie Roth 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 6:55 PM 
To: Donna Kerrigan < 
Cc: Robert Frohlich < 
Subject: RE: Urgent Request [CJ 
Classification: Confidential 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Donna. 
Attached is the available data for Southern Financial from 2018-2019 in GMIS. 
I will request the Pershing data from Brian Heidelbach which will include all CBV by month. 
Leslie Roth 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale New York 
Wealth Management 
345 
154-0004 New York. NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mobil 
Email 
From: Donna Kerrigan 
Sent: Tuesday, 16 Jul , 2019 3:25 PM 
To: Leslie Roth 
Cc: Robert Frohlich 
>; Stewart Oldfield < 
Subject: FW: Urgent Request [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Leslie — Please can you address this request as a matter of urgency and also confirm if this account was impacted by 
missing Brokerage assets last year. 
Thanks 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2019 3:12 PM 
To: Robert Frohlich < 
>; Donna Kerrigan < 
Subject: RE: Urgent Request [CI 
Classification: Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099982 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246166 
EFTA01394039

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394040.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394040.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONSENT OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
OF 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
The undersigned, being all of the Directors of Southern Trust Company, Inc., a U.S. Virgin Islands 
Corporation ("the Corporation"), hereby certify that the following resolutions were unanimously adopted 
and entered into by the Board of Directors on the 196 day of March 2013. 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, the Corporation is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the U.S. 
Virgin Islands; 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors as of the date of this Consent are as follows: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Darren K. Indyke 
Richard Kahn 
WHEREAS, the undersigned, being all of the directors of the Corporation, consent to the taking of 
the following actions in lieu of a meeting of the Board of Directors in accordance with the General 
Corporation Law of the United States Virgin Islands (the "GCL") and waive any notice to be given in 
connection with the meeting pursuant to the GCL; 
WHEREAS, Financial Trust Company, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of 
the United States Virgin Islands ("FTC"), is the sole shareholder of Jeepers, Inc., a corporation organized 
and existing under the laws of the United States Virgin Islands (`Jeepers"), which has elected to be taxed as 
a qualified subchapter S subsidiary; 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of FTC determined that it is in the best interests of the 
Corporation and its sole shareholder, Jeffrey E. Epstein ("Epstein"), to transfer and distribute to Epstein all 
of the issued and outstanding shares of Jeepers, free and clear of all liens, claims and encumbrances (the 
"Jeepers Interest"), such that Epstein shall become the sole shareholder of Jeepers; 
WHEREAS, Epstein is also the sole shareholder of Corporation; 
WHEREAS, the Corporation is the sole member of Southern Financial, LLC, a United States 
Virgin Islands limited liability company organized on February 25, 2013 ("SF"); and 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of FTC has determined that it is in the best interests of FTC 
and its sole shareholder to merge FTC into SF, upon the completion of which merger SF shall be the 
surviving entity of said merger (the "Merger"); 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099985 
SDNY_GM_00246169 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01394040

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394041.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394041.pdf
----------------------------------------
WHEREAS, it is intended that the Merger be effectuated upon, in accordance with, and subject to, 
the provisions of an Agreement and Plan of Merger in the form annexed as Exhibit "N" hereto, which has 
also been approved by the Board of Directors of FTC and its sole shareholder (the "Merger Agreement"); 
WHEREAS, in connection with the Merger and pursuant to the provisions of the Merger 
Agreement, Epstein is to surrender for cancellation ten thousand (10,000) shares of the Common Stock of 
FTC, representing all of the issued and outstanding shares of FTC's Common Stock and all of such issued 
and outstanding shares held by Epstein, and in consideration of FTC's merger with and into SF, the wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Corporation, and the transfer of all of FTC's assets to SF by operation of law as a 
result of such Merger, the Corporation is to issue an additional ten thousand (10,000) shares of its Common 
Stock, $.01 par value (the "Common Stock') to Epstein (the "Additional Shares"); 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Corporation has determined that it is both advisable 
and in the best interests of the Corporation and of Epstein, as the sole shareholder of the Corporation, that 
the Merger be consummated upon, in accordance with, and subject to the provisions of the Merger 
Agreement, and that in connection therewith, the Corporation issue the Additional Shares to Epstein; 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT: 
RESOLVED, that, after consummation by FTC of its issuance to Epstein of the Jeepers Interest, 
the Merger, upon, in accordance with, and subject to, the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, be 
and it is hereby authorized and approved. 
RESOLVED, that it is intended that the Merger qualify as a tax-free reorganization under section 
368(2)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code; 
RESOLVED, that the form and provisions of the Merger Agreement, be and they hereby arc 
adopted and approved; 
RESOLVED, in connection with the Merger and pursuant to the provisions of the Merger 
Agreement, the Corporation issue the Additional Shares to JE. 
RESOLVED, that, the President of the Corporation be, and he hereby is, authorized, empowered 
and directed, for and on behalf of the Corporation, to execute and deliver the Merger Agreement, and to 
execute and file with the Office of the Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands Articles of 
Merger in form and substance that has been approved by legal counsel to the Corporation as being 
compliant with the requirements of the GCL and necessary or appropriate in order to effectuate Merger in 
accordance with the provisions of the Merger Agreement; and 
RESOLVED, that the officers of the Corporation be, and each of them hereby is, authorized, 
empowered and directed, for and on behalf of the Corporation, to execute and deliver all such agreements, 
documents and instruments, to pay all such costs, fees and expenses, and take all such other action as such 
officer deems necessary or advisable in order to consummate the Merger in accordance with the provisions 
of the Merger Agreement. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099986 
SDNY_GM_00246170 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01394041

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394042.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394042.pdf
----------------------------------------
This consent shall be filed with the Minutes of the proceedings of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Resolution as the directors of 
Financial Trust Company, Inc., on this 19th day of March, 2013. 
Jeffrey E. 
-12,At_a C\IJI‘gL 
Darien 
Indyke 
t14 
Richard Kahn 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099987 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246171 
EFTA01394042

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394043.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394043.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONSENT OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
OF 
FINANCIAL INFOMATICS, INC. 
The undersigned, being all of the Directors of Financial Infomatics, Inc., a U.S. Virgin Islands 
Corporation ("the Corporation"), hereby certify that the following resolutions were unanimously adopted 
and entered into by the Board of Directors on the le day of November, 2011. 
WITNESSETH: 
WHEREAS, the Corporation is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the C.S. 
Virgin Islands; and 
WHEREAS, the Corporation was duly formed in the United States Virgin Islands on November 
18,2011; and 
WHEREAS, the Board of Directors as of the date of this Consent are as follows: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Darren Indyke 
Richard Kahn 
WHEREAS, the undersigned, being all of the directors of Financial Infomatics, Inc., consent to the 
taking of the following actions in lieu of a meeting of the Board of Directors in accordance with the 
corporation laws of the United States Virgin Islands and waive any notice to be given in connection with the 
meeting pursuant to the corporation laws of United States Virgin Islands; and 
WHEREAS, this corporation is authorized, in its articles of incorporation, to issue an aggregate of 
10,000 shares of stock of the par value of LOT per share; and 
WHEREAS, a depository shall be established for the funds of the corporation and those who are 
authorized to do so may withdraw them on behalf of the corporation; and 
NOW THEREFORE BE IT: 
RESOLVED, that all actions taken by the incorporators of the Corporation during the period from 
November 18, 2011 through the date of this Consent, including, but not limited to, filing the Certificate of 
Incorporation of the Corporation and adopting the initial By-Laws of the Corporation, be, and each of the 
same hereby is, in all respects, ratified, adopted and approved; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the officers of the Corporation shall include a President, and may include one or 
more Vice presidents, a Secretary and a Treasurer; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that each of the following persons is hereby appointed and elected to the office set 
forth opposite his name below to serve as such in accordance with the provisions of the BY-Laws of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099988 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246172 
EFTA01394043

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394044.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394044.pdf
----------------------------------------
Corporation until the next meeting of directors of the Corporation immediately following the next annual 
meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation and until his successor shall have been duly elected and shall 
have qualified: 
Jeffrey Epstein, President 
Darren Indyke, Vice President and Secretary 
Richard Kahn, Treasurer 
And it is further 
RESOLVED, that the officers of the Corporation be, and each of them hereby is authorized, 
empowered and directed to produce all books of account, stock books and other materials and supplies 
necessary or appropriate in connection with maintaining the records and conducting the business of the 
Corporation, and to pay all costs and expenses and to make full reimbursement for all expenditures made in 
connection with the organization of the Corporation; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the specimen of stock certificate to evidence shares of the Common Stock, par value 
of .01 (the "Common Stock'), of the Corporation in the form submitted to the undersigned, which is to be 
filed with this Consent, be and the same hereby is, approved and adopted, and the President, the Vice 
President, the Secretary and/or any other officers authorized by the By-laws of the Corporation be, and 
each of them hereby is, authorized to issue certificates in such form for shares of fully paid and non-
assessable Common Stock when the issuance thereof is duly authorized by the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the Corporation accept the subscription of Jeffrey E. Epstein for 10,000 shares 
of Common Stock, upon the terms and conditions contained in the subscription agreement, dated as of 
November 18, 2011 of Jeffrey E Epstein, a copy of which shall be filed with the official records of the 
Corporation; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the Vice President and the Treasurer of the Corporation be, and each of them 
hereby is, authorized and directed to issue, on behalf of the Corporation, to Jeffrey E. Epstein, a certificate 
for 10,000 shares of the Common Stock; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that all of the 10,000 shares of the Common Stock as authorized for issuance by the 
immediately preceding resolution shall be in all respects, when issued as aforesaid, validly issued, fully paid 
and non-assessable; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the seal, an impression of which appears in the margin of this Consent, be, and 
the same hereby is adopted as the seal of the Corporation; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the corporate record book and the stock transfer ledger thereof, be and each of 
the same hereby is, adopted as the record book and stock transfer ledger, respectively, of the Corporation; 
and it is further 
RESOLVED, that, with respect to the opening, maintaining and closing of bank accounts of the 
Corporation, the President, any Vice President, the Treasurer and the Secretary of the Corporation, be, and 
each of them hereby is, authorized as follows: 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099989 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246173 
EFTA01394044

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394045.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394045.pdf
----------------------------------------
1. To designate one or more banks, trust companies or other similar institutions as depositories of 
the funds, including, without limitation, cash and cash equivalents, of the Corporation; 
2. To open, keep and close general and special bank accounts, including general deposit accounts, 
payroll accounts and working fund accounts, with any such depository; 
3. To cause to be deposited in such accounts with any such depository, from time to time such 
funds, including, without limitation, cash and cash equivalents, of the Corporation, as such 
officers deem necessary or advisable, and to designate or change the designation of the officer or 
officers and agents of the Corporation who will be authorized to make such deposits and to 
endorse such checks, drafts or other instruments for such deposits; 
4. From time to time to designate or change the designation of the officer or officers and agent or 
agents of the Corporation who will be authorized to sign or countersign checks, drafts or other 
orders for the payments of money issued in the name of the Corporation against any funds 
deposited in such accounts, and to revoke any such designation; 
5. To authorize the use of facsimile signatures for the signing or countersigning of checks, drafts or 
other orders for the payment of money, and to enter into such agreements as banks and trust 
companies customarily require as a condition for permitting the use of facsimile signatures; 
6. To make such general and special rules and regulations with respect to such accounts as they 
may deem necessary or advisable; and 
7. To complete, execute and/or certify any customary printed blank signature card forms in order 
to conveniently exercise the authority granted by this resolution and any resolutions thereon 
shall be deemed adopted as part hereof; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the President or the Secretary of the Corporation be, and such officer hereby is, 
authorized to prepare and certify as the resolutions of the Board of Directors, as if adopted verbatim by this 
Consent, any such additional resolutions as any such depository may require in connection with the opening 
of an account with such depository as authorized pursuant to the immediately preceding resolution, and that 
any such depository to which a copy of the immediately preceding resolution and such additional 
resolutions, if any, have been certified shall be entitled to rely thereon for all purposes until it shall have 
received written notice of the revocation or amendment of such resolutions by the Board of Directors; and 
it is further 
RESOLVED, that the fiscal year of this Corporation shall begin the first day of January in each 
year; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that for the purpose of authorizing the Corporation to do business in any state, 
territory or dependency of the United States or any foreign country in which it is necessary• or expedient for 
the Corporation to transact business, the officers of the Corporation be, and each of them hereby is, 
authorized to appoint and substitute all necessary agents or attorneys for service of process, to designate and 
change the location of all necessary offices of the Corporation, whether statutory or otherwise, and, under 
the seal of the Corporation, to make and file all necessary certificates, reports, powers of attorney and other 
instruments as may be required by the laws of such state, territory, dependency or country to authorize the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099990 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246174 
EFTA01394045

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394046.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394046.pdf
----------------------------------------
Corporation to transact business therein; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the officers of the Corporation be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and 
directed, on behalf of the Corporation, to do and perform all such further ace and things, to execute and 
deliver and, where necessary or appropriate, file with the appropriate governmental authorities, all such 
further certificates, contracts, agreements, documents, instruments, instruments of transfer, receipts or other 
papers, and to pay all costs and expenses (but only to the extent that any such officer has signing authority 
with respect to the bank accounts of the Corporation), including, without limitation, such taxes and 
assessments, as in their judgment or in the judgment of any of them shall be necessary or appropriate to 
carry out, comply with and effectuate the purposes and intent of the foregoing resolutions; and it is further 
RESOLVED, that the Corporation proceed to carry on the business for which it was incorporated. 
This consent shall be filed with the Minutes of the proceedings of the Board of directors of the 
Corporation. 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Resolution as the first directors of Financial 
Infomatia, Inc., on this 18* day of November, 2011. 
Jeffrey Epstein, Director 
Darmn Indykc, Director 
i t
/ 
)
41t)'
t 
i
Richard Kahn, Director 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099991 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246175 
EFTA01394046

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394047.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394047.pdf
----------------------------------------
FINANCIAL INFOMATICS, INC. 
SUBSCRIPTION FOR COMMON STOCK 
The undersigned hereby subscribes for Ten Thousand (10,000) shares of the Common 
Stock, $.01 par value, of Financial Infomatics, Inc., a United States Virgin Islands corporation (the 
"Corporation"), the Certificate of Incorporation of which was filed with the Office of the 
Lieutenant Governor of the United States Virgin Islands on the 18th day of November, 2011, and 
agrees to pay therefor and in full payment thereof, upon call of the Board of Directors of the 
Corporation,  -Len e¢• As 
 (Sr • ► O \per share in cash or by check made payable to the 
Corporation, at which time a certificate shall be issued to the undersigned for the number of shares 
subscribed for. 
Dated as of November 18, 2011 
Jeffrey E. Epst 
Subscriber for 10, 
of Common Stock, $.01 Par Value 
Subscription Accepted 
As of November 18, 2011 
FINANCIAL INFOMATICS, INC. 
By. .
CI-A-1-1."-44 
Darren K. Indyke 
Vice President 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099992 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246176 
EFTA01394047

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394048.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394048.pdf
----------------------------------------
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
; William-M Finn <la 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
Please see the attached documents and the approved email language below. I will send the other clients' zip files in a 
separate email or once they are approved. The entire zip file should be sent to clients but I tend to separate the factsheet 
and pitchbook from the broader zip file (see below) when sending the email to clients. Please copy someone from ISG on 
the email as this is required by our BAM. 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager (formerly affiliated with Deutsche Asset 
Management) that seeks to purchase mature, high quality private equity fund interests from investors seeking 
liquidity. Glendower currently consists of a 23 person-strong team with $3 billion in total client assets and offices in 
London and New York. Glendower's mission is to deliver top-quartile, buyout-like returns while mitigating downside risk 
through its disciplined, bottom-up underwriting process, as well as the shorter duration of secondary investments, which 
leads to early cash distributions to investors. The Fund seeks to continue the successful secondary strategy the team has 
pursued since its inception at Deutsche Bank in 2006 - which has resulted in a negligible loss ratio - by aiming to build a 
globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led transactions and co-investments on the secondary market. 
While past performance is not indicative of future results, Glendower Capital has a strong track record of success. As 
noted in the attached marketing materials, since its founding, the mature funds managed by Glendower have retumed a 
1.7x net multiple and a net IRR in excess of 20%. Including SOF III, which is a 2014 vintage fund, Glendower's overall 
program has returned a 1.5x net multiple and a 23% net IRR. Private equity investments such as the Fund are 
speculative and illiquid. Please see the offering memorandum for further information about the Fund and the risks 
associated with investing. 
tti 
SS ' 
Velt, itd • MetsoicrifA) 
MESSAGE 
Vv..", 
'44 
OritOMS 
FORMAT TM 
Shit 
AOOM FVF 
Clt  
`It • 
•
• 
" :7 
.
AYF B. st. 
EIS 
- 
1,1914evertmet 
Sal 
Pvie 
I 
•iff . 
. 
4E ic Worn Ora Mmth Atraa imulme 
Soma 
••• 
% 
Ronk 11~ 
FM *inn 
• 
law temaine 
t.ittoo.d 
f.414 lee 
• 
*now 
1M. 
%SAO 
.p4,"(4 
trt 
sfe,te ad..< 
no • 
 • )4^.4nO0Or WI Nisi 
Zna. 
Is
Om/kakis 
I 
PAM. II ;Meow 
comfdert*; 
NbtanaCernmusaboat MSenctlytefxM-ml 
DO 
',tem 
e 
From: Andrew King 
Sent: Friday, May 04, 2018 8:47 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Frank DeBenedittis .
MI>; Nathaniel Morgan <
; William-M Finn 
Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
Frank DeBenedittis (copied) will be covering for me while I'm on MTA. If you need anything ISG related while I'm out 
please connect with him. 
We've requested Glendower materials for the clients listed below. The team will forward the materials once available. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0099995 
SDNY_GM_00246179 
EFTA01394048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394049.pdf
----------------------------------------
Oldfield 
Aspen-Greve 
Oldfield 
aright 
Oldfield 
Dimensional 
Oldfield 
Dorrance 
Oldfield
Epstein/Southern-Financial-with-KCP 
Oldfield 
Everwatch 
Oldfield 
Forrestal 
Oldfield 
Georgetown 
Oldfield 
Gersehel 
Oldfield 
Highlander 
Gldfielel 
Wig 
Oldfield 
trensides 
Oldfield 
Mellolas 
Oldfield 
Shamrock 
Oldfield 
Sterne 
Oldfield 
Third-Lake 
Oldfield 
Tisch 
Oldfield 
Warren 
Aldfield 
884 
Oldfield 
Ferri 
Oldfield 
Oldfield 
lAgIlett-kvith.-KCP 
Oldfield 
Annandale 
Once the materials are received, Frank can send an intro email. If you'd prefer to send it yourself, the team can provide 
pre-approved intro language. 
Best regards, 
Andrew King 
Andrew King, CFA 
Vice President I Investment Solutions Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mo 
Em 
PM91014-V Perforni, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099996 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246180 
EFTA01394049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394050.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: 
www.icapimlnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at ( 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940. as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0099997 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246181 
EFTA01394050

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394051.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394051.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the Private Access Fund. 
including without limitation: the management fee: organizational expenses: liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund: any sales or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund: expenses and fees related to audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental returns, reports and 
filings: any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund: extraordinary one-time expenses of the Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Private Access 
Fund, including indemnification expenses: commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities: the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners. whether individually or in a group: expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking. accounting. 
appraisal. legal. administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator for the 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General Partner). custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access Fund, the General 
Partner and any of their respective partners. members, stockholders, officers, directors. 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees. carried interest, organizational 
expenses. taxes. indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing and subscription 
materials: printing and mailing costs: filing and regulatory fees and expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund. the applicable general partner or the Firm relating to such Direct 
Investment Fund). pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the costs and expenses of 
valuation agents): accounting. custodial, administrative, legal, audit, bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any administrator or custodian): 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses: investment research and 
research- related products and services: data processing costs; consultant fees: tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses. if any. including, without limitation, indemnification, dispute 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100002 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246186 
EFTA01394051

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394052.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394052.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums than would be 
required for a direct investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts. growth capital. mezzanine. etc.) to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage. iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months. iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase. iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed benchmarking analysis. and 
a thorough review of the competitive landscape. iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy. review the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before meeting with 
a manager. iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence. iCapital does a complete review of the fund's PPM. LPA. 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally. iCapital makes reference calls to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth. and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment. operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, investment strategy 
and marketing positioning. competitive landscape. discussion of poor investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital leverages these meetings, the review of the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions. to evaluate the fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of interest. 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off the list reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies. peer firms, institutional LPs, former employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100004 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246188 
EFTA01394052

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394053.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394053.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation. iCapital looks at internal rate of return ("IRR"). multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance. the loss ratio. 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing. cumulative contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally. iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion of the review. 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment In particular. 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective. iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund strategy buckets. 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process. iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. In these meetings. 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage. iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. ("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage. if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds as part of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100005 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246189 
EFTA01394053

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394054.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394054.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment therein apply generally to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing. each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act. (ii) that will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws. (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act. (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on 
transfer. (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their investment The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g.. carried interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses. organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access Fund may invest a 
portion of its assets in short term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment. 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind. the risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering documents. 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100007 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246191 
EFTA01394054

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394055.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394055.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital cannot predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital). regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions). iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of. its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal. tax, financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund Investors in a Private Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager. their 
respective affiliates o• any of their respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Partidpate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund. iCapital. and not the Investors in any Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager. any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or supplement the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governingagreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100008 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246192 
EFTA01394055

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394056.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394056.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the value of the investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount of its investment. 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are expected to be concentrated from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, regions. sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to one another and the effect of this, together with 
its long-term approach to investment, could result in large movements in the portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio increases the importance of the selection of each stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinant of investment performance and also increases the volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies in an industry, country or region in which a Fund concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money or underperform the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways. the overall adverse impact on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the government or 
affairs of such countries or regions. could be considerably greater than if it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent Although the investment guidelines of a Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio concentration, there is no assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse effects. 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance procedures in certain foreign markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. Foreign settlement and clearance procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain risks (such as delays in payment for or delivery of 
securities) not typically associated with the settlement of U.S. investments. At times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries have not kept pace with the number of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out transactions. If a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100013 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246197 
EFTA01394056

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394057.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394057.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, at the same time. 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund. the effect of leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a Fund will have 
to pay. the Fund's investment return will be greater than if leverage were not used. 
Conversely, if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage. the investment return of a Fund will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid assets. marked-to-
market daily. to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's investment flexibility. 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings take the form 
of. or are embedded in. margined option premiums. repurchase agreements. bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
discretionary margin, haircut. financing and valuation policies. or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions. whether due to market circumstances or government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, loss of financing. 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio at disadvantageous 
prices. perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. These instruments include. 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps. currency forward contracts. 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can be highly complex 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100015 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246199 
EFTA01394057

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394058.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394058.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI29 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the underlying 
assets as well as counterpart), risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs. which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills. are not diversified. and 
are subject to risks of project financing, default by borrowers. self-liquidation, and the 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the extent that a portfolio 
company is subject to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems. such portfolio company may be subject to substantial losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of civil litigation or regulatory or other action. Any such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is directed at 
iCapital or one of its service providers holding its financial or investor data. iCapital, its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). and a member of the Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item I I below for a description of how the Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity. Gen II provides iCapital accounting and investor 
reporting. capital call and distribution processing and investor support services. 
This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in respect of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100018 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246202 
EFTA01394058

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394059.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394059.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
consistent with the Code of Ethics: and 
Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments: however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list. The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is available upon request 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment funds, and providing 
transaction-related, investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may conflict with the 
interests of iCapital. other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest The prospect of receiving such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities. LLC to place investors in the iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition. iCapital may retain and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over another 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100020 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246204 
EFTA01394059

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394060.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394060.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of the Private Access Funds. iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under the Underlying Funds' constituent 
documents. iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds. iCapital has delegated the obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy voting procedures. 
However. iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it is required to vote 
a proxy for certain investments. iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon request. we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's financial condition. iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100024 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246208 
EFTA01394060

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394061.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394061.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS I29 DF Enterprises 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance Officer, at I 
or by email at IMa 
if you did not receive iCapital Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100025 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246209 
EFTA01394061

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394062.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394062.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI29 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 2B 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at Capital Network and Principal of iCapital Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton. iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Pool for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100027 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246211 
EFTA01394062

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394063.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394063.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI29 DF Enterprises 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 28 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Robertshaw is a Co-
Founder and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016. he served as a Vice Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000. when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DLJ in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. Robertshaw received a B.A in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital Securities. LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Robertshaw for compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100028 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246212 
EFTA01394063

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394064.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394064.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSt29 DF Enterprises 
Execution Version 
Proprietary and Confidential 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of April 11, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER ACCESS 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. (THE "PARTNERSHIP') REPRESENTED BY THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, IN 
RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER'S 
INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 
HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100031 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246215 
EFTA01394064

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394065.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394065.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default 
6.3.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS... 
—.21 
7.1 
Amount. Timing and Form 
7.1.1 
General. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments 
7.2 
Discretionary Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General. 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules 
7.3 
Special Distributions. 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes 
7.4.1 
General. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations.  
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Gain or Loss. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss. Generally 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
ARTICLE 9- DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Panner 
9.3 
Dissolution by the General Partner 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General.  
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator 
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation. 
10.5 
Liability for Returns 
10.5.1 General. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
ARTICLE 11- LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests.  
11.1.1 General. 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners 
11.2.1 General.  
rilendower Access Socondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
.Am4nded and Rattled Limited Partnership Agreanian 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100033 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246217 
EFTA01394065

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394066.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394066.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission 
11.3 
Non-Compliant Transfer.  
11.4 
Multiple Ownership 
11.5 
No Withdrawal Rights 
11.6 
Removal of a Limited Partner. 
11.7 
Look-Through Treatment 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
Exculpation. 
12.1.1 General. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others.  
12.1.3 Liquidator 
12.1.4 Advice of Expects 
12.2 
Indemnification.  
12.2.1 General. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
12.2.5 Successors.  
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner.  
12.3 
Limitation by Law. 
12.4 
Return of Certain Distributions. 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
Amendments 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners.  
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
13.2 
Voting and Consents. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .»..»»».. 
14.1 
Keeping of Accounts and Records: Certificate of Limited Partnership 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
14.2 
Financial Reports 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
14.2.4 Information Rights.  
14.3 
Valuation. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities 
14.3.3 Other Assets.  
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
14.4 
Notices 
14.5 
Accounting Provisions 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants 
14.6 
Tax Provisions 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner. Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership 
61011d(Mtir ACCCSS Secondary t>pportumtics IV (U.S.). l..P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100034 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246218 
EFTA01394066

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394067.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394067.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency.  
14.7 
General Provisions.  
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
14.7.3 Limited Partner Information. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition  
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
14.7.11 Side Letters 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information 
Appendix I 
Definitions 
Appendix II 
Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
61011d01Wr Accc Secondary t >pportum tics IV (U.S.). l..P. 
IV 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100035 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00240219 
EFTA01394067

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394068.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394068.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the dcath, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest for purposes of Article II until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 
ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying Fund may hold 
a closing (the -Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in subscriptions by existing 
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion: 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in connection with 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IN (U.S.). LP. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100038 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248222 
EFTA01394068

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394069.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394069.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested in the 
Underlying Fund; 
(3) 
the amount of the Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of 
such Additional Limited Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner 
subscribed for such interest at the Initial Closing; and 
(4) 
at the General Partner's option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution made pursuant to (2) and (3), computed at a rate per annum equal 
to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period from the due 
date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their earlier 
contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(b) 
Any Additional Limited Partners admitted after the final closing date of the Underlying 
Fund shall contribute, on or after the day of its admission or acceptance of its additional 
Subscription, (i) its proportionate sham of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners 
(other than Defaulting Partners) admitted in prior closings (including in respect of 
Partnership Expenses other than Management Fees) and (ii) the amount of the 
Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of such Additional Limited 
Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner subscribed for such Interest at the Initial 
Closing) plus, at the General Partners option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the contribution, 
computed at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make 
their earlier contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(a) 
Any amounts contributed pursuant to 3.3. l(a)(3) or 3.3.1(b)(ii), including any interest 
thereon shall be paid to the Investment Manager. Other amounts shall be subject to 
adjustment as provided in 6.2.2 and shall be invested in the Underlying Fund or paid to 
existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund), which may result in the dilution 
of existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund and indirectly, limited partners 
of any such Feeder Fund), provided that any amounts which constitute interest paid to 
existing Limited Partners shall not increase such Limited Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investments of the Underlying Fund made and disposed of 
prior to a particular subsequent closing will not be allocated to any Limited Partners 
admitted at such subsequent closing and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
make any allocations or adjustments necessary to give effect to this provision. 
(b) 
The General Partner may apply this 3.3.1 to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a 
look-through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership or 
were subscribing for a direct interest in the Partnership (or to increase its Subscription to 
the Partnership), and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Capital 
Accounts, Contributions, payments and distributions of and to the Limited Partners 
(including a Feeder Fund) in order to give effect to the foregoing and to the provisions of 
any limited partnership agreement of a Feeder Fund. 
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner or substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing (either directly or by power of 
Glendower ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100039 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246223 
EFTA01394069

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394070.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394070.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
attorney), together with the General Partner, a counterpart signature page to this Agreement providing for 
such admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an amendment to this Agreement 
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval of any other Partner. The 
General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate governmental authorities and take 
such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such admission. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
The Limited Partners acknowledge that the Partnership, the General Partner, the Underlying Fund and 
their respective Affiliates may be subject to certain anti-money laundering laws and related 
pronouncements and may otherwise be prohibited from engaging in transactions with, or providing 
services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals, including without limitation, 
specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to 
United States government sanctions and embargo programs. In furtherance of the foregoing: 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will contribute to the Partnership 
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under 
United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took 
place; and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the Partnership, to the 
extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such distribution 
is made in accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by 
such Limited Partner) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International Money 
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting 
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to 
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money 
laundering laws or regulations, in each case as amended and any successor 
statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner (I) shall promptly notify the General Partner if, to the knowledge 
of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of 3.3.3(a); (2) shall provide the 
General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written request therefor, 
with any additional information regarding such Limited Partner or its beneficial owner(s) 
that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure compliance with 
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or all applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements concerning other criminal activities; and (3) understands and agrees that 
if, at any time, the requirements of 3.3.3(a) or (b) arc not satisfied, or if otherwise 
required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or regulation related 
to other criminal activities, the General Partner may take any actions as it determines to 
be necessary or advisable to comply with all such applicable laws, regulations and 
pronouncements. including "freezing" such Limited Partner's Interest or causing the 
compulsory redemption or Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest to another person 
or entity at no value. 
Otendoncr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100040 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00246224 
EFTA01394070

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394071.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394071.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (I) the Partnership or the General 
Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited Partner and, if 
applicable, any of its beneficial owners, or provide such confidential information to the 
Underlying Fund such that they may release such confidential information, in each case 
to governmental authorities if the General Partner or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund, as applicable, in their sole discretion, determine that releasing such 
information is in the best interest of the Partnership and/or the Underlying Fund in light 
of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under the laws referred 
to in 3.3.3(bX2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of any Limited Partner 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any provision of 
this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this 3.3.3. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any Limited Partner's 
subscription agreement, the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf of the 
Partnership, may, in its sole discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner or 
any other Person, agree in writing with any Limited Partner to alternate representations 
and covenants of such Limited Partner reasonably designed to ensure compliance with 
applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and other criminal laws, regulations and 
administrative pronouncements and government sanctions, and thereby expressly waive 
compliance with all or any part of this 3.3.3 with respect to such Limited Partner. The 
Partners agree that any terms contained in such writing to or with a Limited Partner shall 
govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Agreement or of any subscription agreement. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner in its own name and on behalf of the Partnership, acting alone, shall be authorized 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, to take such action as it determines to be 
necessary• or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, 
rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions contemplated by 
the subscription agreements and in connection with actions contemplated by the 
governing documents of the Underlying Fund. 
3.4 
MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP. 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner. 
The management, policies and control of the Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the General 
Partner, who shall have the rights, powers and obligations required to be vested in or assumed by a 
general partner of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and otherwise as provided by law. Except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, the General Partner is hereby vested with 
the full. exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, manage and control the affairs of 
the Partnership (and to delegate the management and operation of the Partnership to the Investment 
Manager on the terms set forth in the Management Agreement) and to make all decisions affecting 
Partnership affairs, as deemed proper, convenient or advisable by the General Partner to carry on the 
business of the Partnership as described in 2.3. 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner. 
(a) 
No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to determine the 
General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any undertaking on 
Otendmur Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100041 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246225 
EFTA01394071

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394072.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394072.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to exercise any rights and powers the Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, (i) the power to cause the Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership under applicable tax or other laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), and (ii) the power to determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell any securities, including Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required, the Partnership is hereby authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, and the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and deliver (i) a subscription 
agreement with each Limited Partner. (ii) an administration services agreement with the 
Administrator, (iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, (iv) any 
document in connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of the 
Partnership, (v) subscription documents and other instruments necessary or appropriate in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) any agreement 
with a custodian to hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of (i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the 
power of the General Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of the 
Partnership. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required. the General Partner is hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of a Limited Partner to the Underlying Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, attorneys and other service providers to effect, administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
3.4.3 
Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the rights of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, including any director, officer or employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide advice to other investments, business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, including business ventures or Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, engage in or provide advice to such investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the Limited Partners will have any rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons or the income or profits derived therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of Interests, and neither the General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rostaled Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100042 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246226 
EFTA01394072

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394073.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394073.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
5.2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 
Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 
General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 
Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and telephone. 
5.2.1.3 
Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General Partner, any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any. with the Underlying Fund and 
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking. accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect of 
Transfers: fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100046 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246230 
EFTA01394073

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394074.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394074.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, research and other expenses 
related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Partnership in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Partnership (including the costs and expenses (including travel-related expenses) of 
hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents; any expenses incurred 
in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other 
insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment Manager and any of their 
respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates in 
connection with the activities of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Partnership Expenses also include any costs and expenses associated with the ongoing operations of any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and mcording fees and 
expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-
party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other governmental charges 
levied against such Alternative Investment Vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses 
relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations undertaking and litigation, 
insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Partnership 
Expenses include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the operating expenses of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, expenses of or relating 
to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Partnership to the extent that they would 
be considered expenses of the Partnership pursuant to this 5.2.1.3 if they were incurred by the Partnership 
(and indirectly borne by the Limited Partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's interest as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership); provided however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related 
to a specific Feeder Fund shall be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, 
in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
Subject to 5.2.1.5 the Partnership Expenses shall be borne pro rata by all Limited Partners (including the 
Offshore Access Fund and other Feeder Funds, if any). Any contributions by Limited Partners to the 
Partnership to fluid their share of Partnership Expenses (other than required payments pursuant to 3.3.1 
and 11.1.8) shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share of Partnership 
Expenses). The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for any Partnership 
Expenses paid by them on behalf of the Partnership. 
5.2.1.4 
Sharing of Partnership Expenses with Parallel Access Funds. 
The Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each entity in the Underlying Fund, to 
the extent practicable. If, upon subsequent closings of the Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund, 
there is a change in the ratios of the aggregate capital commitments made to each such fund to the 
aggregate capital commitments made to all such funds, then the General Partner may adjust the relative 
amounts paid by such funds in respect of expenses, to reflect as nearly as practicable the situation that 
would have existed if the respective aggregate capital commitments made to each fund had always been 
in the same relative proportions as those in effect after the change in the ratio of capital commitments. 
The General Partner is authorized to take such actions as it detennines are reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order to effect the intention of this 5.2.1.4 and the other provisions of this Agreement 
relating to Parallel Access Funds in connection with the operation of the Partnership and any Parallel 
Access Fund. 
5.2.13 
Certain Expenses. 
Glendmwr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100O47 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246231 
EFTA01394074

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394075.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394075.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 
Amount 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fees assessed with respect to the Limited Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The -Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.c., 0.1875% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75%per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60%per annum (i.e.. 0.15% per quarter): and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100048 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248232 
EFTA01394075

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394076.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394076.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or applied to the payment or reimbursement of expenses or liabilities of the Partnership or (c) used for 
other purposes, together with any interest or other income or gains ("Partner Interest") earned by the 
Partnership with such capital contributions prior to their return. Such contributions and Partner Interest 
shall be distributed to the Partners pro rata in proportion to the respective amounts of contributions made 
by them that are being returned and shall increase the Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an Additional Limited Partner, 
and provided that the Partnership does not make a corresponding increase in its capital contribution to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner shall return to each of the non-contributing Partners, in proportion 
to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to the Partnership in an aggregate 
amount not in excess of the new contribution (less any Management Fee and interest due in accordance 
with 5.2.2.1, which shall be paid to the Investment Manager in accordance with (a)); provided that the 
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the contribution required to be made by 
the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to 3.3.1(6) so that, on a net basis after the return of contributions, 
all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its 
sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as "guaranteed payments" (as defined in Section 707(e) of 
the Code), other than the Additional Limited Partner, in proportion to their Contributions, all or a portion 
of the interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1. 
6.23 
Effect of Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall make all appropriate adjustments, including to the amount of the Partners' 
respective Contributions, unpaid Subscriptions, distributions, Capital Accounts and any other items that 
am adjusted for capital drawdomms, so that the amounts of all such items am, to the maximum extent 
possible, the same as they would have been had the capital drawdown that gave rise to any contribution 
that is returned pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 never occurred and to otherwise give effect to the intended 
economic arrangement set forth in 3.3. land 6.2.2. No such adjustments shall be made, however, to reflect 
any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to (a) Partner Interest or (b) the payment 
to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
A return of a Partner's capital contributions pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 shall reduce such Partner's Capital 
Account, but shall not otherwise be treated as a distribution for purposes of this Agreement. unless the 
context so requires. 
6.3 
FAILURE TO MAKE REQUIRED PAYMENT. 
63.1 Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any failure by a Limited Partner to pay a capital 
contribution in full when due or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement, interest will 
accrue at the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the date of full payment of such capital 
contribution by such Partner (or a transferee), including any interest accrued. The "Default Rate" with 
respect to any period shall be a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
such period. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the requirement to pay interest, in 
whole or in part. 
Glendoocr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100051 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245235 
EFTA01394076

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394077.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394077.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(5) 
Cause the compulsory Transfer without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest and its unpaid Subscription 
to any third party on such terms and conditions as the Investment Manager 
and/or General Partner deem appropriate; 
(6) 
Cause the Defaulting Partner not to share in any income or gain realized by the 
Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest of 
losses and Partnership Expenses; 
(7) 
Reduce the unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to zero or such other 
amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion; 
(8) 
Force the Defaulting Partner to sell its interest in the Partnership, with the full 
assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, including 
any portion then due and unpaid; 
(9) 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with interest (unless 
such interest is otherwise waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction of its 
then outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder, provided that such 
Limited Partner shall remain a Defaulting Partner until the next full calendar 
quarter following such contribution and applicable interest; 
(10) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner and any 
amounts required to be contributed to the Partnership by such Defaulting 
Partner related to reimbursement of Partnership Expenses or any current or 
future Management Fees to be assessed to such Limited Partner to become 
immediately due and payable; 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the Defaulting 
Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner an abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, including without limitation, such Partner's 
Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription; 
Withhold any distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting 
Partner until such time as the Partnership makes its final liquidating 
distribution, or until such earlier time as the General Partner may determine. 
Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by the 
Partnership for any purpose; 
(14) 
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and remedies against 
the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement 
of a lawsuit to collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, and 
reimbursement (with interest at the Default Rate) of any other damages 
suffered by the Partnership; 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100053 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246237 
EFTA01394077

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394078.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394078.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
If the Partnership fails to contribute all or any portion of any capital call amount set forth in a funding 
notice received from the Underlying Fund as and when due (an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure 
results from the failure of one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner. a "Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital call issued by the Partnership (regardless 
of whether or not such Defaulting Access Fund Investor is also a "Defaulting Partner" for purposes of this 
Agreement), then the general partner of the Underlying Fund has contractually agreed with the General 
Partner to only treat the Partnership as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund (an "Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner")) with respect to the portion 
of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund that has defaulted (e.g., if an Access Fund Default 
occurs whereby the Partnership only funds 95% of the capital call amount set forth in a funding notice for 
the Underlying Fund as a result of a default in a corresponding amount by one or more Defaulting Access 
Fund Investors, then 5% of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund nil] be treated as a 
Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner. In addition, the General Partner has agreed that, if the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund so requests upon any Access Fund Default, the General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the General Partner will delegate to the 
Underlying Fund, the authority to exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement against a Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were 
a Defaulting Partner (regardless of whether or not they have been deemed a "Defaulting Partner" pursuant 
to this Agreement), and the Partnership and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the general partner of the Underlying Fund in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of this Agreement, in order to equitably determine 
the rights and obligations of any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General Partner 
may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited partner of the Underlying Fund with a capital 
commitment equal to such Limited Partner's Subscription to the Partnership, and if any Limited Partner 
defaults on its commitment to the Partnership (thereby becoming a Defaulting Access Fund Investor), any 
default penalties imposed by the general partner of the Underlying Fund may be allocated solely by the 
General Partner to the applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent possible. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the default provisions under 6.3 to each investor in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund on a look-through basis as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Partnership instead of 
applying such provisions directly to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
The General Partner is hereby specifically authorized to assign to a third party as security for 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Partnership (i) all or a portion of the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of the Limited Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and the General Partner's rights 
relating to the unpaid Subscriptions, including without limitation, the right to deliver notices, to receive 
payment of Subscriptions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with respect to unpaid Subscriptions 
and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to fund their respective unpaid Subscriptions 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that the liability of the Limited 
Partners to make contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to 
execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any such assignment, including 
an agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100055 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246239 
EFTA01394078

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394079.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394079.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable (and therefore shall reduce 
distributions under this Agreement to which such Partners otherwise would have been 
entitled), as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable discretion; and 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership and 
any other Indemnitee for its sham of any Tax Liability and for all claims, liabilities and 
expenses of whatever nature relating to the Partnership's or the Indemnitee's obligation 
to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise to pay, any withholding or other taxes payable 
by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates with respect to such Limited Partner or as a 
result of such Limited Partner's participation in the Partnership or as otherwise 
attributable to such Limited Partner or such Limited Partner's Interest. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability. 
The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's accountants or other advisers. shall determine 
the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability attributable to any Partner. For this purpose, the General Partner 
shall be entitled to treat any Partner as ineligible for an exemption from or reduction in rate of such Tax 
Liability under a tax treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such Partner provides the General 
Partner with such written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant tax authorities may require to 
establish such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to a Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners as the General Partner may 
reasonably request or as the relevant tax authorities may require. 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation. 
For purposes of this 7.4, any obligation to pay any amount in respect of any Tax Liability incurred by the 
General Partner with respect to income of or distributions made to any other Partner or former Partner 
shall constitute a Partnership obligation. 
7.5 
CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS PROHIBITED. 
Anything in this Article 7 to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution shall be made to any Partner if, 
and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under Sections 17407(a) or 17-804(e) of 
the Delaware Act. 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
CAPITAL ACCOUNTS. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance. 
There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a capital account for each Partner (such 
Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(a) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or gain allocated 
to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or Appendix II: 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100058 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246242 
EFTA01394079

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394080.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394080.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(b) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and (2) any amounts in the 
nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or 
Appendix 11; and 
(c) 
Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement including, but 
not limited to, 6.3.2(a)(5). 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations. 
Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other items of income, gain, loss and deduction pursuant to 
this Article 8 and Appendix 11 shall be made for each fiscal year of the Partnership as of the end of such 
fiscal year; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of the assets of the Partnership are adjusted in 
accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date of such adjustment shall be 
considered to be the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and allocating such Net Gain, Net 
Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 8.1, including the provisions relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(6) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), and 
shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such regulations. 
8.2 
ALLOCATIONS OF NET GAIN OR LOSS. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss, Generally. 
Except as explicitly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the items of income, gain, loss or deduction of 
the Partnership comprising Net Gain or Net Loss for a fiscal year shall be allocated by the General Partner 
among the Partners in a manner such that the Capital Account of each Partner, immediately after making 
such allocation, is, as nearly as possible. equal (proportionately) to: 
(a) 
the distributions that would be made to such Partner pursuant to 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the 
other provisions of Article 7) if (x) the Partnership were dissolved, its affairs wound up 
and its assets sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, (y) all Partnership liabilities 
were satisfied (limited in the case of each Nonmcourse Liability to the Carrying Value of 
the assets securing such liability) and (z) the net assets of the Partnership were distributed 
in accordance with 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the other provision of Article 7) to the Partners 
immediately after making such allocations, minus 
(b) 
such Partner's share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of the assets. 
All allocations may be adjusted in the sole discretion of the General Partner to take into account any 
charges or adjustments to be made to a Partner's Capital Account under this Agreement, including but not 
limited to, expenses specially charged to a Partner or a Partner's Capital Account and for Defaulting 
Partners. 
Glendoocr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100059 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245243 
EFTA01394080

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394081.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394081.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
(b) 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the transferor or 
the transferee of thc Partnership interest involved to the extent such party bears thc 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
(c) 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due. allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case may be. 
OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II the following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to all Partners 
other than thc Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 
ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss and expense otherwise 
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when originally due; provided, however. 
that the allocations otherwise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code. 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100060 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246244 
EFTA01394081

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394082.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394082.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner. 
The prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, 
shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, 
including a Transfer of solely an economic or synthetic interest in the Partnership. In determining 
whether to grant its consent to a Transfer, the General Partner shall take into account whether such 
Transfer would result in the "termination" of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708 of thc Code and, if 
so, whether such termination would result in material adverse income tax consequences or material 
additional expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. 
The General Partner shall not cause or permit any offering of interests in the Partnership to be registered 
under the Securities Act or to become "traded on an established securities market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof." and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that. to the General Partncr's 
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a trade on a "secondary market 
or the substantial equivalent thereof." in each case within the meaning of Sections 7704 or 469(k) of the 
Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers. 
No Transfer of any "partnership interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in 
the Partnership or portion thereof or derivative interest therein shall be permitted or "recognized" (within 
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership or the General Partner unless 
either (a) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify, for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury Regulations under Section 7704 or 
(b) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the Partnership's tax advisors, that 
such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under 
Section 7704(6) of the Code. 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
(a) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General Partner, in connection 
with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
(I) 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through (A) a United States 
national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates 
firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may 
be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person 
who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to interests 
in the Partnership. 
(b) 
The transferor and transferee(s) shall provide such additional written representations as 
the General Partner reasonably may request, including representations required by 14.6.4. 
(c) 
The General Partner and counsel to the Partnership shall be permitted to rely upon any 
representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether pursuant to 11.1.5(a) or 
Otertdotner Acceicc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100063 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246247 
EFTA01394082

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394083.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394083.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in its sole 
discretion, may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation. proof of payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(O(4) of the Code), and any similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
(c) 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
(e) 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act; 
(f) 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
(g) 
(h) 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code: 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying 
Fund: or 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100064 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246248 
EFTA01394083

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394084.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394084.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(j) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
My Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
My transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partncr, for any expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution that otherwise would have 
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 
ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to this Article 11 that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) such transferee shall have no right 
Glendmwr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100065 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246249 
EFTA01394084

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394085.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394085.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
to participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents granted or withheld by the Limited 
Partners hereunder, and (b) the transferor (or the estate, legal representative, or other successor of the 
original owner, if applicable) shall remain liable to the Partnership for all contributions and other amounts 
payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no Transfer had occurred. 
113 
NON-COMPLIANT TRANSFER. 
If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has not satisfied the requirements of this Article II 
(including, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, any transaction which does not otherwise 
constitute a Transfer but a purpose of which is to achieve indirectly a result similar to that which would 
be achieved directly if such transaction were structured as a Transfer), the General Partner shall not admit 
the purported transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor as the sole owner of the interest 
in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to the purported transferee and 
(c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial information regarding the Partnership. 
The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Partnership does not 
otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest in the Partnership (either legal or 
equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, at 
the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent any such purported Transfer. 
11.4 
MULTIPLE OWNERSHIP. 
If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, the 
General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be designated as representing a portion 
of or the entire interest transferred for purposes of (a) receiving all notices which may be given, and all 
payments which may be made, under this Agreement and (b) exercising all rights which the transferor as 
a Limited Partner has pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.5 
No WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the right to withdraw from the 
Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, or to demand and receive any 
Partnership property in exchange for its interest in the Partnership. 
11.6 
REMOVAL OF A LIMITED PARTNER. 
The General Partner may require the complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner if: (i) the 
General Partner determines in good faith that, in consequence of a change in the direct or indirect 
ownership or control of such Limited Partner, continued participation by such Limited Partner is 
inconsistent with the best interests of the Partnership; (ii) such Limited Partner has used or disclosed 
confidential information in violation of 14.7.8; or (iii) the General Partner determines in its reasonable 
discretion that continued ownership of such Limited Partner in the Partnership would (a) constitute or 
give rise to a violation of applicable law, or (b) otherwise subject the Partnership or the General Partner to 
material onerous legal, tax or other regulatory requirements that cannot reasonably be avoided without 
material adverse consequences to any other Partner or the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the provisions of 
this 11.6 to each investor of any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis. 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rattled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100066 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246250 
EFTA01394085

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394086.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394086.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of valuation), provided that any such professional or 
finn is selected by any such Person with reasonable cam. 
12.2 
DIDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, 
trustcc, employee, agent and Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, an ""Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee continues to serve in such capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including unpaid Subscriptions, the proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and expenses, costs of investigations and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind or nature, whatsoever or however arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative body or agency), to which the Indemnitee may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager. trustee, employee, consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has served as a partner, member. 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An Indemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee shall have 
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may. in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the General Partner directly or 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100068 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246252 
EFTA01394086

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394087.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394087.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 
Priority of ndemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers (or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the amount of indemnification 
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable Third-Part• Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
Glendovmr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100069 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00246253 
EFTA01394087

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394088.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394088.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorney's' fees), judgment and/or liability. To the extent that the 
Partnership is required to provide indemnification payments to an Indemnitee pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, it hereby waives and releases the General Partner and their respective Affiliates (other than 
the Partnership) from any claims for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in 
respect of such indemnification payments from the Partnership. 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner. 
Notwithstanding 12.2.1 and 12.2.3, the General Partner in its sole discretion may limit or eliminate 
indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to any Indemnitee. 
12.3 
LIMITATION BY LAW. 
If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself is subject to any law, rule or regulation 
which restricts the extent to which any Person may be exculpated or indemnified by the Partnership, the 
exculpation provisions set forth in 12.1 and the indemnification provisions set forth in 12.2, as applied to 
such Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and 
without further action by thc Partners. to thc minimum extent necessary to conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 
RETURN OF CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation under this Article 12 or otherwise (including, but not limited to, the obligation to return, 
recontribute or reinvest a distribution received from the Underlying Fund pursuant to and in accordance 
with the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund), then the General Partner may require that 
each Partner return to the Partnership distributions received from the Partnership pursuant to Articles 7 
and 10, upon not less than seven (7) days' prior written notice from the General Partner, equal to its pro 
rata share, based on the relative Subscriptions of the Partners of the amount necessary to satisfy such 
liability or obligation; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 25% of all distributions received by 
such Partner from the Partnership, unless the Partnership is otherwise required to return distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (in which case 
such Partner would be required to bear its proportionate share of any such return obligation),. In addition, 
no Partner shall be required to return distributions to the Partnership after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the term of the Partnership as set forth in 9.1, provided that if at the end of such period there 
arc any proceedings or claims outstanding (including any proceedings or claims relating to the Underlying 
Fund), the General Partner shall notify the Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended 
until the date such proceedings or claims arc ultimately resolved and distributions arc returned to the 
Partners in respect thereof. A Partner's obligation to return distributions to the Partnership under this 12.4 
shall survive the liquidation of the Partnership and the withdrawal of a Partner from the Partnership, and 
the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Partner under 
this 12.4, including treating such Partner as a Defaulting Partner with all the rights and remedies of the 
Partnership set forth in 6.3. The provisions of this 12.4 shall not be construed or interpreted as inuring to 
the benefit of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100070 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246254 
EFTA01394088

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394089.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394089.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
AMENDMENTS. 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement may be 
waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or amended, during or after the term of the 
Partnership. with the prior written consent of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited 
Partners: provided, however, that any provision of this Agreement requiring the written vote or consent of 
a greater percentage in interest of the Partners may be waived on behalf of all Partners, modified. 
terminated or amended only with the vote or written consent of the General Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Partners as is required by such provision. Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article 13, the General Partner, without the consent of any other Partner, may amend 
any provision of this Agreement (a) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited Partner to 
any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or waive in any material respect the duties and 
obligations of the General Partner to the Partnership or the Limited Partners, (b) to cure any ambiguity or 
correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or 
to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement shall accurately reflect the 
agreement among the Partners, (c) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (d) to address changes in financial, regulatory or 
tax legislation, which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Partnership, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic returns of the Limited 
Partners. 
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. 
No amendment shall increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or dilute the interest of any Limited 
Partner relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such interest without the prior written 
consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from additional Subscriptions from 
the Partners or the admission of Additional Limited Partners pursuant to this Agreement, and pursuant to 
an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under 3.3.3 and 6.3. 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions. 
Without the prior written consent of a majority-in-interest of all ERISA Partners, the text of 4.2, 1 1 .1.6(a) 
and this 13.1.3 shall not be amended. 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments. 
The General Partner shall famish copies of any amendments to this Agreement to all Partners, other than 
changes in the List of Partners to reflect the admission, withdrawal or substitution of Partners, changes in 
the addresses of Partners or otherwise in accordance with 3.1, and changes in the Subscriptions of 
Partners (in each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall not require the consent of or 
notice to any Limited Partner. 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
Any consent or approval required pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, 
(i) any required consent to a transaction that would result in an "assignment" (within the meaning of the 
Ole dower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100071 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246255 
EFTA01394089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394090.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a third party to keep 
confidential. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for record with the appropriate public authorities and, if required, publish 
the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments thereto. 
14.2 
FINANCIAL REPORTS. 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership receives the 
relevant information from the Underlying Fund), the audited financial statements of the Partnership for 
such fiscal year. Commencing with the fiscal year in which the Initial Drawdown Date occurs and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States or another comprehensive basis of accounting, in each 
cast consistently applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement except that Partnership assets 
shall be valued in accordance with 14.3. 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each Partnership fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership 
receives the relevant information from the Underlying Fund), such Partner's Schedule K-1 (Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1065) or an equivalent report indicating such Partner's sham of all items of 
income or gain, expense, loss or other deduction and tax credit of the Partnership for such year, as well as 
the status of such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and such additional information as 
such Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns or to fulfill any other reporting 
requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional information without 
unreasonable effort or expense: provided that it is understood that the Partnership does not expect to be 
able to deliver Schedules K-I to the Partners prior to April 15 of each year, and accordingly, the Partners 
will be required to obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to each Limited Partner, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 
the Partnership (subject to the time the Partnership receives the relevant information from the Underlying 
Fund), quarterly reports of the Partnership for the quarter then ended; provided, however, that this 14.2.3 
shall not apply to any fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter in which the Partnership invests in the 
Underlying Fund. 
14.2.4 Information Rights. 
Limited Partners will not receive all of the information or reports that are provided to direct limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, even though the General Partner may have access to such information. 
Glendoocr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100073 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248257 
EFTA01394090

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394091.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394091.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.3 
VALUATION. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
Whenever valuation of Partnership assets or net assets is required by this Agreement, the General Partner 
shall determine the fair market value thereof in good faith in accordance with this 14.3. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities. 
The fair market value of any security owned by the Partnership that is a Freely Tradable Security and 
which is distributed by the Partnership shall be determined as of the close of trading on the date 
immediately prior to the date as of which the value is being determined and shall be equal to the last 
reported trade price of such security on such prior date on the exchange where it is primarily traded or, if 
such security is not traded on an exchange, such security shall be valued at the last reported sale price on 
an established quotation service for over-the-counter securities. For purposes of the preceding sentence, 
the "last reported" trade price or sale price or "closing" bid price of a security on any trading day shall be 
deemed to be: (a) with respect to securities traded primarily on the New York Stock Exchange or the 
American Stock Exchange, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the case may be, as of 4:00 p.m., 
New York time, on that day, and (b) for securities listed, traded or quoted on any other exchange, market, 
system or service, the market price as of the end of the "regular hours" trading period that is generally 
accepted as such by such exchange, market, system or service. 
14.3.3 Other Assets. 
The General Partner will value other assets of the Partnership in good faith and generally based on the 
valuation of such assets received from the Underlying Fund. The General Partner may also consider other 
relevant factors, which may include, without limitation: quarterly and annual reports received from the 
Underlying Fund; the current financial position and current and historical operating results of the issuer. 
sales prices of recent public or private transactions in the same or similar securities, including transactions 
on any securities exchange on which such securities are listed or in the over-the-counter market; general 
level of interest rates; recent trading volume of the security: restrictions on transfer; significant recent 
events affecting the Underlying Fund; the price paid by the Partnership to acquire the asset; and the 
percentage of the issuer's outstanding securities that is owned by the Partnership. 
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
In determining the fair market value of the assets of the Partnership, no allowance of any kind shall be 
made for goodwill or the name of the Partnership or of the General Partner, the Partnership's office 
records, files and statistical data or any intangible assets of the Partnership in the nature of or similar to 
goodwill. The Partnership's goodwill shall, as among the Partners, be deemed to have no value, and no 
Partner shall have any right or claim individually to the use of the Partnership's name or the goodwill 
thereof. 
14.4 
NOTICES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement. all notices, requests, consents, approvals and 
statements shall be in writing and, if properly addressed to the recipient, shall be deemed given if 
(a) delivered personally to the recipient; (b) mailed by first class mail (or if sent to or from outside the 
United States, by airmail), postage prepaid; (c) sent by electronic mail or electronic facsimile 
transmission; or (d) delivered by a reputable overnight courier service. Notices shall be deemed to be 
properly addressed, if to the Partnership, at its principal office, and if to any Partner, if addressed to its 
Otendovier Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100074 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246258 
EFTA01394091

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394092.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394092.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set forth in the List of Partners, or 
to such other address or facsimile number as the addressee previously may have specified by written 
notice given in the manner specified in this 14.4 to the Partnership, in the case of the Limited Partners, or 
to the Limited Partners, in the case of the Partnership or the General Partner. Notices shall be deemed 
received one Business Day after they are given, sent or delivered, except that notices sent by first class 
mail shall be deemed received three Business Days after they arc mailed. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this 14.4, the General Partner, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be deemed to 
have satisfied its obligations to transmit notices, financial statements and reports pursuant to this 14.4 
(other than United States Federal tax statements, schedules and forms if and to the extent not permitted by 
law to be made available in a manner described in this sentence) and amendments to this Agreement 
pursuant to 13.1.4 if the General Partner posts such financial statements, reports and/or amendments on a 
web site and gives notice to the Limited Partners pursuant to the preceding sentences in this 14.4, of the 
availability of such financial statements, reports and/or amendments, the URL address of the web site and 
a password for access to such web site, if necessary. 
14.5 
ACCOUNTING PROVISIONS. 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year. 
The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year or, if the Partnership is required to use a 
different year as its taxable year for federal income tax purposes, such other year. 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants. 
The Partnership's independent public accountants shall at all times be a nationally or regionally 
recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General Partner. The General Partner may 
change the Partnership's accountants from time to time. 
14.6 
TAX PROVISIONS. 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership. 
The General Partner (a) will not cause or permit the Partnership to elect ( I) to be excluded from the 
provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as a corporation for federal 
income tax purposes or (3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" as defined in Section 775 of the 
Code; (b) will cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably determined to be necessary or 
appropriate in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. (c) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (d) shall not take any action that 
would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for such purposes. 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
(a) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership ending prior to January I, 2018 (or if the effective date 
of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the "BBA') is extended, such later 
extended date), the "tax matters partner," as defined in Section 6231 of the Code, of the 
Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner") shall be the General Partner. All expenses 
incurred by the Tax Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its capacity as 
such (including professional fees for such accountants, attorneys and agents as the Tax 
Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion determines are 
Glendoncr Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ranated Limited Partnership Agrcancni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100075 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245259 
EFTA01394092

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394093.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394093.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
necessary• to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) shall be borne by 
the Partnership. 
(b) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if the effective 
date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended date): (i) the General 
Partner shall be designated the `partnership representative" within the meaning of 
Section 6223(a) of the Code (the "Partnership Representative") and the General Partner 
shall be authorized to take any actions necessary• under Treasury• Regulations or other 
guidance to cause the General Partner to be designated as such; (ii) the Partnership and 
each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the Partnership 
Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii) the Partners consent to 
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code and agree to take any action, and 
furnish the General Partner with any information necessary, to give effect to such election 
if the General Partner decides to make such election; and (iv) any imputed underpayment 
imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 6232 of the Code (and any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by such Partners 
to the Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such 
underpayment) within 15 days following the General Partner's request for payment (and 
any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in distributions 
otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount calculated at the Prime 
Rate plus 2%). Any references to Code Sections set forth in this 14.6.2(b) refer to those 
Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 
2017 (or if the effective date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended 
date). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the costs of any action taken by or on behalf of the 
General Partner, the Partnership or their respective Affiliates pursuant to this 14.6.2(b) 
shall be borne by the Limited Partner benefitting from such action (together with the 
other Limited Partners similarly benefitting from such actions, in proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests), (ii) the General Partner will be entitled to rely 
conclusively on the advice of the Partnership's independent accountant or other tax 
advisor in making any determination in respect of the partnership tax audit rules 
prescribed by the BBA, and (iii) the General Partner shall not be required to indemnify 
any Limited Partner or the Partnership with respect to any taxes incurred under such 
partnership tax audit rules. 
(c) 
Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such information, forms or 
representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with respect to the 
Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any information, forms or 
representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or 
other governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the Partnership. 
Each Partner agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information regarding 
the Partner and its beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner requests so that the 
Partnership may avoid any adverse consequences under FATCA. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Partner's subscription agreement, if 
any, the Partner hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. law, to the extent such 
law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority 
any information required to be reported with respect to such Partner, its beneficial owners 
or the Partnership. 
Glendooer Accem Secondary Opportunitim IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100076 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246260 
EFTA01394093

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394094.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394094.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
agrees to provide any information or certifications (including without limitation 
information about such Limited Partner's direct and indirect owners) that may reasonably 
be requested by the Partnership to allow the Partnership, the Underlying Fund or any 
member of any --expanded affiliated group" (as defined in Section 147I(e)(2) of the 
Code) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund belongs to (I) enter into, maintain 
or otherwise comply with the agreement contemplated by Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
under any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States 
and another country (or under any applicable local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund may 
be subject; (2) satisfy any information reporting requirements imposed by FATCA; and 
(3) satisfy, any requirements necessary to avoid withholding taxes under FATCA with 
respect to any payments to be received or made by the Partnership or the Underlying 
Fund. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
further agrees that, if such Limited Partner fails to comply with any of the requirements 
of this 14.6.2 in a timely manner or if the General Partner determines that such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership would otherwise have a material adverse effect 
on the Partnership or the Partners as a result of FATCA, then (I) the General Partner, in 
its sole discretion, may (A) cause such Limited Partner to transfer its interest in the 
Partnership to a third party (including, without limitation, an existing Partner) or 
otherwise withdraw from the Partnership in exchange for consideration which the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, after taking into account all relevant facts and 
circumstances surrounding such transfer or withdrawal (including, without limitation, the 
desire to effect such transfer or withdrawal as expeditiously as possible in order to 
minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the other Partners as a result of 
FATCA), deems to be appropriate or (B) take any other action the General Partner deems 
in good faith to be reasonable to minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the 
other Partners as a result of FATCA: and (2) unless otherwise agreed by the General 
Partner in writing, the Limited Partner shall, to the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law. indemnify the Partnership for all loss, cost, expenses, damage, claims and 
demands (including, but not limited to, any withholding tax, penalties or interest suffered 
by the Partnership) arising as a result of such Limited Partner's failure to comply with the 
above requirements in a timely manner. 
(0 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of 7.4 
and this 14.6.2 will survive the liquidation or dissolution of the Partnership and each 
Partner agrees to continue to be bound to the terms of 7.4 and this 14.6.2 following such 
Partner's termination of its interest in the Partnership. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers. 
Each Limited Partner agrees that (a) with respect to its limited partnership interest, it will not require the 
Partnership to elect, and the Partnership shall not be required to elect, the application of Section 1045 of 
the Code (dealing with rollovers of gains realized on the disposition of "qualified small business stock" as 
defined in Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state income tax law; (b) without 
the prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make any election referred to in the 
preceding clause (a) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the General Partner any 
obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish information, maintain records or file 
returns or other documents); and (c) the Partnership shall not be required to comply with any tax reporting 
Glendower Accent Secondary Opportunities R• (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Restated limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100077 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246261 
EFTA01394094

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394095.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394095.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or accounting requirements (including, but not limited to, those relating to the adjustment of the tax basis 
of any asset of the Partnership or the interest in the Partnership of any Partner) that may be imposed under 
Section 1045 of the Code, and shall not be required to provide any information necessary to enable such 
Partner to comply with or elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, in each case with respect to 
rollovers of qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on behalf of any Partner. 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership. 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an election under Section 732(d) 
of the Code without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an 
election to be treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner 
shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status. (ii) not take any action that would be 
inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any information necessary to allow 
the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other obligations as an electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee, promptly 
following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, with the information required under the Code, 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any successor guidance) or otherwise to be furnished to the 
Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is necessary to enable the Partnership and 
such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 743(e) of the Code. Whether 
or not the Partnership makes an election to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner or former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (a) its obligations to 
make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (b) any other tax reporting 
obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer to a Limited Partner (or the 
transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership adjusting the basis of Partnership 
property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the Partnership by reason of such transfer (or, in 
the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner, such Limited Partner) hereby agrees to reimburse 
the Partnership and/or the General Partner within 10 business days for any expenses (including, without 
limitation, accounting fees) reasonably incurred by the Partnership and/or the General Partner (and their 
respective affiliates) from time to time in connection with effecting such adjustments to the basis of 
Partnership property and any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of Partnership gains and losses 
as it relates to such transfer. 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency. 
For United States federal, state and local income tax purposes, each Limited Partner shall report the tax 
items attributable to its participation in the Partnership on its income tax returns in a manner consistent 
with the tax treatment of such items as (or to be) reported to it by the Partnership on Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1065 Schedule K-1 (or any such successor form or schedule). 
14.7 
GENERAL PRovisioNs. 
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement (including by execution of a counterpart 
signature page hereto directly or by power of attorney) constitutes and appoints the General Partner as its 
true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, sign. 
acknowledge and deliver or file (a) the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any other instruments, 
documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement 
Glendower ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Restated limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100078 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246262 
EFTA01394095

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394096.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394096.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
documentation may be provided, without the consent of such Limited Partner, to the requesting potential 
limited partner or limited partner of the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, 
governmental or quasigovemmental agency, regulatory or self-regulatory body or bank or other financial 
institution. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors. 
permitted assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto. 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware. In determining what action, if any, shall be taken against a Limited Partner in connection with 
such Limited Partner's breach of this Agreement, the General Partner shall seek to obtain the best result 
(as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) for the Partnership and the other Partners. 
Each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event such Limited Partner violates the terms 
of this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to claim that the Partnership or any of the 
other Partners are precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty arising in respect of such Limited 
Partner's status as such, from seeking any of the penalties or other remedies permitted under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition. 
Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action for 
partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
Each Partner understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer contained in this Agreement, it 
must bear the economic risks of its investment for an indefinite period because the Partnership interests 
have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered under 
the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is 
available. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality. 
(a) 
A Limited Partner's rights to arenx or receive any information about the Partnership or 
its business including, without limitation, (i) information to which a Limited Partner is 
provided access pursuant to 14.2, (ii) financial statements, reports and other information 
provided pursuant to 14.3, (iii) the offering documents for the Partnership, this 
Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements, (iv) any 
documents or information provided to the Partnership by the Underlying Fund or any of 
its Affiliates, and (v) any information provided to any Limited Partner pursuant to a Side 
Letter or otherwise provided to a Limited Partner by the General Partner or its Affiliates, 
(the information in (i) through (v). the -Partnership Information"), arc conditioned on 
such Limited Partner's agreement, willingness and ability to assure that the Partnership 
Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for purposes reasonably related 
to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such Partnership 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratided limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100080 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248264 
EFTA01394096

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394097.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394097.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Information will not become publicly available as a result of such Limited Partner's 
rights to access or receive such Partnership Information. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership Information 
constitutes a valuable trade secret of the Partnership (or of the Underlying Fund to the 
extent such Partnership Information relates to the Underlying Fund) and agrees to 
maintain any Partnership Information provided to it in the strictest confidence and not to 
disclose the Partnership Information to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such Partnership Information, who have been informed of 
the confidential nature of such Partnership Information, and who are, either by the nature 
of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the Partnership 
Information as are set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
Limited Partner and each Limited Partner's employees, representatives and other agents, 
may disclose to their professional advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys 
and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, 
without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax 
treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to such Limited Partner relating to such tax treatment or tax 
structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to a U.S. federal or state 
income or franchise tax strategy provided to such Limited Partner, provided, however, 
that no Limited Partner (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall 
disclose any other information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or 
tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and any information 
that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. federal or 
state securities law. With respect to any Limited Partner, the obligation to maintain the 
Partnership Information in confidence shall not apply to any Partnership Information 
(i) that becomes publicly available (other than by reason of a disclosure by a Limited 
Partner), (ii) the disclosure of which has been consented to by the General Partner in 
writing or (iii) the disclosure of which is required by a court of competent jurisdiction or 
other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law. Before any Limited 
Partner discloses Partnership Information pursuant to clause (iii), such Limited Partner 
shall promptly, and in any event prior to making any such disclosure, notify the General 
Partner of the court order, subpoena, interrogatories, government order or other reason 
that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so that the General Partner may 
seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the Partnership 
Information or waive compliance with this Agreement. Such Limited Partner shall also 
consult with the General Partner on the advisability of taking steps to eliminate or narrow 
the requirement to disclose the Partnership Information and shall otherwise cooperate 
with the efforts of the General Partner to obtain a protective order or other remedy to 
protect the Partnership Information. If a protective order or other remedy cannot be 
obtained, such Limited Partner shall disclose only that Partnership Information that its 
counsel advises in writing (which writing shall also be addressed and delivered to the 
Partnership) that it is legally required to disclose. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner shall promptly notify the General Partner if it becomes aware of 
any reason, whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it will. or might 
become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as contemplated by 
Glendoocr Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100081 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248265 
EFTA01394097

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394098.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394098.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7.8(a) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the confidentiality 
restrictions in 14.7.8(6). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the exception of the 
Schedule K-I or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 14.2.2, the 
General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for such period of 
time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with any Partnership 
Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive or to have 
access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant to 14.2) or 
the Delaware Act if: (i) the Partnership or the General Partner is required by law or by 
agreement with a third party to keep such Partnership Information confidential; (ii) the 
General Partner in good faith believes that the disclosure of such Partnership Information 
to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its business (which may include a determination by the General Partner 
that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity holders is disclosing or may 
disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such disclosure by such 
Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the Partnership or its 
business) or (iii) such Limited Partner has notified the General Partner of its election not 
to have access to, or to receive such Partnership Information. 
(e) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Partnership or the General 
Partner and its partners may acquire confidential information related to third parties that 
pursuant to fiduciary, contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be disclosed to the 
Limited Partners; and (ii) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner and its equity 
holders shall be in breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware Act in 
consequence of acquiring. holding or failing to disclose such information to the Limited 
Partners so long as such obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(f) 
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners agree that the Partnership 
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the right to an injunction 
or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to comply with its 
obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership Information, as set forth 
in I4.7.8(a) and 14.7.8(b). 
(8) 
To the maximum extent permitted by law and for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions 
of this 14.7.8 shall survive the withdrawal of any Partner from the Partnership and shall 
be enforceable against such Partner after such withdrawal. 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. 
Whenever the context of this Agreement permits. the masculine gender shall include the feminine and 
neuter genders, and reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity 
or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, 
and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any such invalid or unenforceable 
provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order to give effect to the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to particular Sections of the Code or the 
Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed to refer to such Sections or provisions as they may be 
amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and do 
not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It is the intention of the parties that c% cry covenant, term, 
and provision of this Agreement shall be construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly 
for or against any party (notwithstanding any rule of law requiring an Agreement to be strictly construed 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated Limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100082 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248288 
EFTA01394098

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394099.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394099.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
a 20% Holder at such time as such 20% Holder certifies or recertifies to the General Partner that it is not a 
Bad Actor. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
Glendower Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rataled limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100084 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246288 
EFTA01394099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394100.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX I 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities W (U.S.), L.P. 
DErenrioNs 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below (such 
meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the terms so defined). Additional 
defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which they relate. 
20% Holder 
Access Fund Default 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Administrator 
Advisers Act 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicles 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
Approved Agent 
BBA 
Beneficial Interest 
As set forth in 14.7.13. 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
The administrator of the Partnership, as appointed by the General Partner. 
The United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
With respect to the Person to which it refers. a Person that directly or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such subject Person. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(a). 
As set forth in 3.3.3(aX2). 
Means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) representative of a Partner who is deceased; (ii) trustee in bankruptcy 
of a Partner who is bankrupt; or (iii) curator, guardian or receiver of a 
Partner who is mentally incapable of managing his affairs. The General 
Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the 
written representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent 
is the duly appointed agent or nominee (or both) of any Partner or of 
any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further investigation 
or verification. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 5130. 
(ilendmver Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amomeni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246270 
DB-SDNY-0100086 
EFTA01394100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394101.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Business Day 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wcdncsday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York, are 
required by law to remain closed. 
Capital Account 
As set forth in 8.1.1. 
Carrying Value 
Code 
Contribution 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax 
purposes; provided, however, that (i) the initial Carrying Value of any asset 
contributed to thc Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its gross fair market 
value at the time of its contribution, and (ii) the Carrying Values of all assets 
held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair 
market values (taking Section 7701(g) of the Code into account) upon an 
election by the Partnership to revalue its property in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2Xiv)(f) and upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. The Carrying Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was 
adjusted pursuant to the preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2Xiv)(a 
The United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto, and, as applicable, the Treasury 
Regulations thereunder. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in accordance 
with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 6.2 
(relating to the return of contributions subject to subsequent drawdown) and 
6.3.2(a)(5), but excluding the contribution of an interest-equivalent amount 
pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4), the amount of any interest payable pursuant to 6.3.1 
and 6.3.2, and any other amounts contributed pursuant to 5.2.1.5, 11.1.8 or 
Article 12. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Covered Company Person or (ii) a Person (other 
Partner 
than an Exempt Entity) in which a Covered Company Person has a direct or 
indirect Beneficial Interest. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Person that is an executive officer or director of a "public 
Person 
company" or "covered non-public company" (in each case as defined in Rule 
5131) or a person "materially supported" (as defined in Rule 5131) by such an 
officer or director. 
Covered Company 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
Person Ownership 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Covered Company Persons with 
Percentage 
respect to a particular company. 
Covered Person 
As set forth in 12.1.1. 
Credit Facility 
As set forth in 4.2. 
Default Rate 
As set forth in 6.3.1. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-2 
Amended and Restated LinticoiRartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100087 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248271 
EFTA01394101

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394102.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394102.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Defaulting Access 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Fund Investor 
Defaulting Partner 
As set forth in 6.3.2. 
Delaware Act 
As set forth in 2.1. 
Delayed Payment 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner pursuant to 
Interest 
6.3.1 and (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid capital contributions paid by 
any Partner pursuant to 6.3.2. 
ERISA 
ERISA Partner 
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and 
(unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
Any Limited Partner which (a) is (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any other entity or 
account, any of the assets of which constitute "plan assets," within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, of a plan described in (a)(i) or (aXii) 
above, or (iv) a nominee for, or is using the assets of, or is a trust established 
pursuant to, one or more such employee benefit plans or other plans, and 
(b) has notified the General Partner in writing of its status as an ERISA 
Partner. 
Exempt Entity 
An entity described in paragraph (c) of Rule 5130 as specifically eligible to 
purchase new issue securities, other than an entity described in subparagraph 
(c)(4) (Le., an entity relying on the 10% "de minimis" exception under Rule 
5130). 
FATCA 
Feeder Fund 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations 
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and 
all applicable intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United 
States and another country (or local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement). 
Any feeder fund (including the Offshore Access Fund) that may be formed to 
invest all of the subscriptions made by the limited partners of such feeder fund 
in the Partnership and that is designated as a Feeder Fund by the General 
Partner. 
Final Closing Date 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
Freely Tradable 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
Security 
(a) 
The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be immediately 
sold by the Partnership to the general public without the necessity of any 
federal, state or local government consent, approval or filing (other than any 
notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h) under the Securities 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-3 
Amended and Restated LinticeiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100088 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248272 
EFTA01394102

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394103.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394103.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
List of Partners 
Management 
Agreement 
Management Fee 
Management Fee Rate 
Net Gain or Loss 
Nonrecourse Liability 
Non-Voting Interest 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, addresses, 
facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the Partners. 
Means the Management Agreement between the Partnership and the 
Investment Manager, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items specially 
allocated pursuant to 8.2.2, 8.2.3 or 8.3. and computed with the following 
adjustments: 
(i) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon the 
Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(bX2Xiv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) rather than upon 
the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) 
Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be included 
as an item of gross income; 
(iii) 
Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 705(aX2)(B) 
of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being described in 
Section 705(a)(2XB) pursuant to Treasury Regulations under Section 704(6) of 
the Code) shall be treated as a deductible expense; 
(iv) 
The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the Code that 
is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2XivXm) shall be treated as an item of 
gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss (if the adjustment is negative), and 
only such amount of the adjustment shall thereafter be taken into account in 
computing items of income and deduction; 
(v) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable to an 
asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner (or to any Approved Agent 
on behalf of a Partner) shall be included in the computation as an item of 
income or loss, respectively, and 
(vi) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment to the Caning 
Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of 
"Carrying Value" shall be included in the computation as items of income or 
loss, respectively. 
Has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(bX3). 
A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that does not entitle the holder 
to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any Partnership matter. 
Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests shall be disregarded, for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-5 
Amended and Restated LinticoiRartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246274 
DB-SDNY-0100090 
EFTA01394103

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394104.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394104.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
purposes of 13.2, in determining both the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners and the aggregate Contributions of those Limited Partners 
voting in favor of or against a particular proposal. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided in this Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a 
Non-Voting Interest shall be identical to all other limited partnership interests 
in all respects other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Offshore Access Fund 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Parallel Access Fund 
Partner Interest 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain 
Partners 
Partnership 
Partnership Expenses 
Partnership 
Information 
Partnership Minimum 
Gain 
Partnership 
Representative 
Percentage Interest 
Means Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the General Partner, the 
Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership, any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund to the 
Limited Partners of the respective funds incurred by the General Partner, 
Investment Manager and their Affiliates (including legal, travel, accounting, 
tax advisory expenses. start-up filing, capital raising and other expenses and 
marketing costs, other organizational and start-up expenses of the General 
Partner and certain legal and third-party provider costs). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the foregoing organizational expenses do not include expenses incurred 
by the Placement Agents. 
As set forth in 3.6. 
As set forth in 6.2.1. 
Has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse debt" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
An amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the 
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if the Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the second paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in 5.2.1.1. 
As set forth in 14.7.8(a). 
Has the same meaning as the term -partnership minimum gain" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(6)(2) and 1.704-2(d). 
As set forth in 14.6.2(b). 
The ratio of a Partner's Contributions to all of the Partners' Contributions; 
provided that, the General Partner, in its reasonable discretion, can adjust the 
Percentage Interests of the Partners (i) to reflect any default by a Partner with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-6 
Amended and Restated LinticoiRartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100091 
SDNY GM_00246275 
EFTA01394104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394105.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
respect to one or more capital calls, and (ii) in connection with the initial 
capital commitment of any Partner to take into account that they have not yet 
made a Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of Management 
Fees by Limited Partners shall not be considered "Contributions" for purposes 
of the definition of "Percentage Interest". 
Person 
Placement Agent 
Plan Assets Regulation 
Prime Rate 
Regulatory Allocations 
Restricted Person 
Restricted Person 
Ownership Percentage 
Restricted Person 
Partner 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Tax Matters Partner 
Temporary 
Investments 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person 
where the context so permits. 
Means the third-party placement agents utilized by the Partnership. 
The regulation concerning the definition of "plan assets" under ERISA 
adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
§2510.3-101 or any successor regulation promulgated pursuant to 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as reported in 
The Wall Street Journal. 
As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
Refers to a Person that is (i) a "restricted person" within the meaning of Rule 
5130 and (ii) not either an Exempt Entity or a Person whose only Beneficial 
Interest in the Partnership is an indirect interest held through an Exempt 
Entity. 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that arc 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Restricted Persons. 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Restricted Person or (ii) a Person in which a 
Restricted Person has a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in 14.7.11. 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed to 
contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners exclusive of 
any interest equivalent amounts pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
As set forth in 7.4.1. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Short-term investments of cash pending distribution or use by the Partnership 
to pay expenses or to make contributions to the Underlying Fund, which shall 
be limited to (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) commercial paper rated no lower 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-7 
Amended and Restated Limited Rartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246276 
DB-SDNY-0100092 
EFTA01394105

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394106.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394106.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential 
than 
by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services or "P-I" by Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc., or a comparable rating by a comparable rating agency, 
(iii) obligations of the United States or (iv) certificates of deposit issued by, or 
other deposit obligations of, commercial banks chartered by the United States, 
any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any member nation of the 
European Union, each having, at the date of acquisition by the Partnership, 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof, in each case maturing in one year or less at the time of investment by 
the Partnership. 
Third-Party 
Any Person (other than the Partnership and the General Partner) that is legally 
Indemnifiers 
or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or equivalent 
payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar arrangement) to an 
Indemnitee. 
Transfer 
As set forth in 11.1.1. 
Transfer Expenses 
As set forth in 11.1.8. 
Treasury Regulations 
The regulations promulgated by the United States Department of the Treasury 
under the Code, as amended. 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an English private fund 
limited partnership, together with any parallel funds and alternative investment 
vehicles formed in accordance with the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Defaulting Partner 
United States; U.S. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
I-8 
Amended and Restated LinticoiRartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100093 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246277 
EFTA01394106

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394107.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394107.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the Partnership to comply with the 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(bX2)(iv). 
1. 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Non recourse Indebtedness. The following 
provisions arc included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code and to 
permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a -safe harbor" provided by Treasury• Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd) and apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 8.2 and 8.3. 
1.1 
Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments 
contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent required by the "minimum gain chargeback" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(iX4). 
1.2 
Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(6)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with 
their respective Contributions: provided. however, that nonrecourse deductions attributable to "partner 
nonrecourse debt" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(bX4)) shall be allocated to the 
Partners in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(i)(1). 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of loss or deduction 
(computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") be allocated 
to a Partner if such allocation would cause or increase a negative balance in such Partner's Capital 
Account (determined for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount 
the Partner is obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXc) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and I .704-2(iX5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd)(1), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 
Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the manner and to the extent required by the "qualified income offset" provisions of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd). 
1.5 
Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the amount of (and in proportion to) any negative balance in such Partner's Capital Account (detennined 
for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g) and 
I.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-
1(b)(2XiiXd)(4), (5) and (6)). 
2. 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. 
With respect to any fiscal period during which any Partner's interest in the Partnership changes, 
allocations under this Agreement (including 6.3.2 and 8.3) shall be adjusted appropriately to take into 
(ilendmver Access Sccondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100094 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246278 
EFTA01394107

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394108.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394108.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented from time to time. this 
"Memorandum') is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager') to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors') for the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access Fund'). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund'). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund datcd October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund PPM-) is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA'), which shall be provided upon request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC'), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthennom, the foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company 
Act'). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor- as defined within the meaning of 
Rule 50I(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a "qualified purchaser-  as defined in 
Section 2(aX51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act'). There is no public market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive') as of the date of this Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manage?' ("AIFM') under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law arc not applicable to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests (or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100097 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246281 
EFTA01394108

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394109.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394109.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State) of the European Economic Area 
("EEA')I when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent (as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this Memorandum to any investor 
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or undertakes any responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the offering of Interests; (v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with respect to the Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information in the Underlying Fund PPM and the operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each of them expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility' 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such information or any other information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted therefrom. The offering of Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the Underlying Fund. Although the Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund is not an affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access Fund is different from an investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests is not, and should not be considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece. Hungary. Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenskin, Lithuania, Luxembourg. 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland. Portugal. Romania. Slovakia. Slovenia. Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100098 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248282 
EFTA01394109

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394110.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394110.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. No Glendower entity has (i) the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as -may.- -seek.-  -expect.-  "estimate," or -believe' or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Fonvard-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of which arc discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-iv - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100099 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246283 
EFTA01394110

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394111.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394111.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests arc offered subject to the General Partner's ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that arc applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.60114(b)(3Xi), each investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of. or any other identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters addressed by the written information 
and (e) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any. arc invited to meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, the date when such information is 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100100 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246284 
EFTA01394111

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394112.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394112.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may bc restricted by law. This Memorandum docs not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information') and not disclose any such Confidential Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. 
(212) 994-7333 
ird.icavitalnetwork.con 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-vi-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246285 
EFTA01394112

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394113.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394113.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE. SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. 
TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
ii-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100102 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246286 
EFTA01394113

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394114.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394114.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
EXEMPTIO
OM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE `IsIFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4. I4(a)(3). THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (RI) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3Xii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(aX3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(aX3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100103 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246287 
EFTA01394114

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394115.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394115.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4. I3(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-ix-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100104 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246288 
EFTA01394115

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394116.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394116.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
M. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100105 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246289 
EFTA01394116

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394117.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394117.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the -Access 
Fund'), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital. special situations, tumaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that arc -U.S. Persons" as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'). If an Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Propridocr am! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100106 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246290 
EFTA01394117

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394118.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394118.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
iI. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S), LP. (the 'Access Fund') and the summary of 
terms and conditions ofGlendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Pundit/. LP (together with its parallel 
investment finds and alternative investment funds. if applicable, the "Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be firther amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement'). and the subscription agreement and the related documentation with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement." and together with the Partnership Agreement, the "Agreements'). copies of 
which will be provided to each prospective investor upon request. The forms of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. in the event of a conflict between the terms of this summary and the Agreements. 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
The Investment Manager 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities iV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
-General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless othenvise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-to-
day operations of the Access Fund to the investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and MI 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246291 
DB-SDNY-0100107 
EFTA01394118

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394119.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394119.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund 
The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
-Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
temis set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the fonn of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments arc 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100108 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248292 
EFTA01394119

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394120.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394120.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See -Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund (-Interests") are being 
Access Fund 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
(-Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
'Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors (-Investors') that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that arc pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of -unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors'). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and Non-
U.S. Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax. Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,000. although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,000,000. although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,000,000 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." 
The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100109 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246293 
EFTA01394120

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394121.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394121.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
-Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate sham of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing intcrcst, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100110 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246284 
EFTA01394121

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394122.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394122.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Term 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro raw share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
fin two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
Feeder Funds 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, -Feeder Funds') in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100111 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246295 
EFTA01394122

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394123.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394123.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
entity. directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified Non-
U.S. Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds arc expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who arc "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner 
deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K-
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100112 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246296 
EFTA01394123

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394124.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394124.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, sill be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
Bifurcated Default 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make hill payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA')) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agrccmcnt, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100113 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248297 
EFTA01394124

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394125.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394125.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Access Fund Expenses 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
(-Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses: liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
(-FATCA1 and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"): costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100114 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246298 
EFTA01394125

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394126.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394126.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; a0 expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses. administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of torn' documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses: expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100115 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246299 
EFTA01394126

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394127.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394127.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund): provided, 
however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their sham of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rota share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Farmer shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100116 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246300 
EFTA01394127

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394128.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394128.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate sham (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital 
in accordance with (C) below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
- investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the -investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
•The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100117 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246301 
EFTA01394128

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394129.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394129.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
Indemnification 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses am outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see 
Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund. the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,000 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100119 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246303 
EFTA01394129

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394130.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394130.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that arc U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any USTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100120 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246304 
EFTA01394130

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394131.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394131.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Considerations 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in 'benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided. however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100121 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246305 
EFTA01394131

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394132.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394132.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a -Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. 
See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose: Underlying Fund" 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial 
institutions 
with financial 
information 
and 
other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100122 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246306 
EFTA01394132

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394133.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394133.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient fluids to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Confidentiality 
Each investor must be an -accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the investment Company Act). 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been infomied of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement. subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-41(6)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100123 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246307 
EFTA01394133

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394134.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394134.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Investor Information 
Legal Counsel 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner. 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower. also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100124 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246308 
EFTA01394134

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394135.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394135.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
III. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks The investments made by the Underlying Fund and indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners. Accordingly, the Placement Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100125 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245309 
EFTA01394135

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394136.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394136.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund. Because the sole purpose of the Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100126 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246310 
EFTA01394136

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394137.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394137.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide %r 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted wider the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be bome by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will 
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund will not participate in co-
investment opportunities, which may result in lower total retums realized by the Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect to the purchase of Interests by 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100127 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246311 
EFTA01394137

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394138.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394138.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Fidelity Relationship The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity') pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Program& The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer (and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason (including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan assets". certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100129 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246313 
EFTA01394138

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394139.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394139.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or mom) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include funding obligations to single-
employer pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forrning the de facto partnership would be subject to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question (together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the 'Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or parallel funds arc aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, them is some risk that a court might find otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds arc not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their respective affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests. Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and not the Limited Partners. 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be voted. In addition, none of 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the Underlying Fund (and in co-
investments, if any. with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or country•. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100130 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246314 
EFTA01394139

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394140.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394140.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnershiµ Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to Limited Partners. 
Glendower. the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower. the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a "Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100131 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246315 
EFTA01394140

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394141.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394141.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Investors in Subsequent Closings Investors subscribing for Interests on a Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests am subscribed for. Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to participate in such investment, as 
dctcnnined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which am subject to public disclosure requirements. The amount of infommtion about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage. but exposes the Access Fund to capital risk and higher current 
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency. negligence, misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets am pledged in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100133 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248317 
EFTA01394141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394142.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions arc available to pay expenses of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that arc not historical facts arc 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as -may," -will," "seek," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend?" -continue," - target." -plan," or "believe," or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain -bad actors" are involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a -disqualifying event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but arc not limited to, the General Partner, the Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100134 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246318 
EFTA01394142

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394143.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394143.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory• environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-
Frank Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered investment advisers to private funds, 
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the 'Volcker Rule," may affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund. Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100135 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246319 
EFTA01394143

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394144.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394144.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the European Union. Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkceping requirements. 
While these changes arc intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator ("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into hedging transactions or to obtain 
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and futures options contracts and swaps. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such position limits for a broad range of risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, additional speculative position limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100136 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246320 
EFTA01394144

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394145.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394145.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underl ins Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as An Act to provide for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018" (the -2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense. (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 10%-owned foreign corporation, each of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100137 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246321 
EFTA01394145

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394146.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394146.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or -dry" income. Moreover. 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax filings and pay taxes. 
Non-US Investors and ECI, US Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch Profits Taxes. Non-
U.S. investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all entities in a broadly defmed 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs') to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S. withholding tax on gross proceeds front the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an Intergovernmental Agreement (an IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the country in which such FF1 is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that arc allocable to a Limited Partner may, in accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100138 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248322 
EFTA01394146

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394147.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394147.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is not able to make such an 
election, then (I) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes (including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as a result. Many issues and 
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
• 
the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
• 
the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
• 
the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100139 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246323 
EFTA01394147

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394148.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394148.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
• 
the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100140 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246324 
EFTA01394148

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394149.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394149.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities. U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary art applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a 
person" generally is Sr U.S. federal income tax purposes (I) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100141 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246325 
EFTA01394149

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394150.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394150.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S, Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is mated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata sham of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100142 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246326 
EFTA01394150

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394151.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394151.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive sham of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited Partner's sham of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that. for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100143 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246327 
EFTA01394151

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394152.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394152.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory• items (which arc broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however. Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made. cannot be revoked without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than $250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to make an election to be an "electing 
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100144 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248328 
EFTA01394152

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394153.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394153.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has -at risk" with respect to its Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable sham of deductions and losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to -investment interest" and "miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers. subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees. paid by such Limited Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100145 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245329 
EFTA01394153

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394154.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394154.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses %r five years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tar Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any -dealer property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue discount (-O1D"), which for this 
purpose includes -payments-in-kind," or PIIC, interest. In such case, the Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with "market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the period the debt obligation was 
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is included in income by the 
holder during the tenn of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there arc a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general. a "significant modification" of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is "significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could take the position that the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100146 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246330 
EFTA01394154

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394155.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394155.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-
corporate taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below under 'Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes -passive income" (generally, interest. 
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100147 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246331 
EFTA01394155

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394156.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394156.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Controlled Foreign Corporations. Special rules apply to U.S. persons who own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC'). 
A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive sham of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Codc equal to its distributive share of any Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss. Further, 
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or effectively becomes the obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of which is denominated in terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of that currency relative to its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any foreign currency gain or loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share of such income or loss. 
Tax-Exempt Investors The Underlying Fund may (i) invest in operating entities that are treated as flow-
through for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) generate unrelated debt-financed income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, for example, from break-up fees or transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors to incur material amounts of UBTI. A U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investor's allocable share of Access Fund income constituting UBTI would be subject to federal 
income taxation and might be subject to state and local taxation as well. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should 
only invest in the Access Fund if they are willing to receive material amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition indebtedness resulting in a material portion of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100148 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248332 
EFTA01394156

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394157.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394157.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its Interest. al l or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI. regardless of whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" am subject to a 100°/0 excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further. certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax if the Access Fund engages in 
a -prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a -subsequently listed transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Interests am being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund. A Feeder Fund may be organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Panner's U.S. federal income tax liability. Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally am considered to be from sources within the United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable limitations on losses and 
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner. Limited Partners arc advised to consult their own tax advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information returns reporting its income. 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100149 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246333 
EFTA01394157

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394158.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394158.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year under audit). 
United States Tar Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-US Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions between themselves and those non-
U.S. corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally required to file certain 
infommtion with their annual U.S. federal income tax return regarding interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity is not currently subject to FBAR 
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the date such shares 
become a -dividend. For preferred stock, thc required periods arc increased from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100150 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246334 
EFTA01394158

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394159.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394159.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable sham of qualified dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold amounts. For U.S. individuals. 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's distributive share of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts am urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1. 2026, substantial limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to. among other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject to change by Congress. In recent 
years. there have been significant changes in the Code, some of which arc being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. It is not possible at this time 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100151 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245335 
EFTA01394159

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394160.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394160.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments. No rulings have been or will be requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws. including state blue sky laws. The Interests arc offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors am hereby notified of the following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of the Interests: 
Beginning in 201 I. without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required under the settlement orders. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100152 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002453343 
EFTA01394160

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394161.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394161.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
U.S Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand (2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in Section 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of-qualified purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(cX7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund from relying on Section 
3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (0 will qualify for an exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3) under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice to claim such exemption 
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such exemptions. If any figure 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements. non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use of finds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100153 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246337 
EFTA01394161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394162.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Furthermom, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, territory. individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") wcbsitc, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, including, any applicable anti-
money laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/6I/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA" )2, when such marketing is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other retirement plans which arc 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, the risk of loss and the potential 
lie following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland, France. Germany, Greece, Hungary., Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania. Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands. Norway. Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain. Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100154 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246338 
EFTA01394162

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394163.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394163.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might constitute or give rise to a 
-prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion of the assets of an individual 
retirement account (-IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 40I(a) of the Code, or of an investment fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests: such trustee or other person has authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt -prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the "2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the 'Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the 'Sponsor") had provided "investment advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary, to a Plan investor, the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets will not be treated as -plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value of 
Prop►iesary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100155 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246339 
EFTA01394163

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394164.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394164.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary, standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. The General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be -plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return (-Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-panics) to the Access Fund's service providers as 
-reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans air not subject to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100156 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246340 
EFTA01394164

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394165.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394165.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') In Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund'), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100157 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245341 
EFTA01394165

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394166.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394166.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures- in the Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to -this Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that arc provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however. 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100158 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246342 
EFTA01394166

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394167.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394167.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fccs and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or othenvise holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners. whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100159 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246343 
EFTA01394167

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394168.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394168.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses); except as otherwistoro_videdierein_or ittthe_Partnersbio_Aoreemeth. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro raw share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the respective partners, members. 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners-Ewhielt-eapdal-ealls-fer-indemoifieaden-eipeoses-artemside-ef-a 
krimited-Pactner-4-SubseFimien), and from the proceeds of liability insurance and any-assets-f-rem 
anvccrtain recalleds of Distributions (sec "- Capital Calls- and "Limned Partner Gnieback-), against 
certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in  Limited Partner Givehack below 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; provided. however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed the-aggregate-amount•ef25% 
of all _distributions received by such Limited Partner (44-being-unflersteeel-that-aelditionel-amounts-ima)-be 
called-freinfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a Limited Partner would be
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation):providedjiirther that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the Ix-month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any proceedings or claims outstanding. the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings  or claims are ultimately resolved and distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of-indemnifiention-txpensesi-whieli-antetints-are-ouiside-eltlimited-Partherzs 
Subseciptionthereol). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100160 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246344 
EFTA01394168

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394169.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394169.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In-additionreapitel-conhibutions-to-fundthe-Aceess-Fund's-inderonity-obligationserootitsideole-Limited 
Partner'-Subseriptien, Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes TheSubject to certain rectrictionq in the Partnership Ap,r 
t the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access Fund ell-er-part-ef-an,-distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted under the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100161 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246345 
EFTA01394169

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394170.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394170.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners.  A-himited-Panner:s-obligatien 
guhseFiptienramil-therefere-witl-net-be-eapped sulajecLto_certaizexceptions and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), arc available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnifieatieit-espeftses-fflid-eenain-ether 
required-payinentsr inelinling-transfer expenses, interest expenses in connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100162 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246346 
EFTA01394170

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394171.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394171.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100163 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246347 
EFTA01394171

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394172.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394172.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246348 
DB-SDNY-0100164 
EFTA01394172

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394173.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394173.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100165 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246349 
EFTA01394173

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394174.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394174.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750.000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE •INTERESTS') OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND'). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER') WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE 'FCA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ('FSMA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM 'TAX TREATMENT' REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM 'TAX STRUCTURE' REFERS TO ANY FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U.S. SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE 'APPENDIX 1: NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) (PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100166 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246350 
EFTA01394174

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394175.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394175.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. AS 
AMENDED (THE 'SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS' AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST-. 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX. FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR.
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P.. SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Prwate Pbeement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100167 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246351 
EFTA01394175

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394176.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394176.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE 'U.S. ADVISER'). 
ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY,' "WILL.- SHOULD," 'EXPECT,' 'ANTICIPATE,' -PROJECT,' ESTIMATE," "INTEND,' 
"CONTINUE' OR "BELIEVE' OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER') OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE') NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Phoement Memorandum 
Page iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100168 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246352 
EFTA01394176

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394177.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394177.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE 'CFTC') AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ('CPO'), PURSUANT TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(AX3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, THE IN-
THE-MONEY AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD BE 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ('MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE'). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ('COVERED PARTY') ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. 
EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
Page Iv 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100169 
SDNY GM_00246353 
EFTA01394177

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394178.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394178.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED. BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS TRUE. 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON. SECURITY. OR TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER. 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
PARAGRAPH.
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
PURCHASERS 
OF 
SECURITIES 
THAT 
ARE 
EXEMPTED 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN FLORIDA. 
'DOLLARS' AND'S' REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100170 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246354 
EFTA01394178

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394179.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394179.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 802 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention' Joshua C Glaser 
Email: 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Confidential Private Pboement Memorandum 
Page vi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100171 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246355 
EFTA01394179

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394180.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394180.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Captal Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering  
101 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
108 
Appendix 6 Directory 
111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
112 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100172 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246356 
EFTA01394180

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394181.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394181.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100173 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246357 
EFTA01394181

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394182.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394182.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Ptnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100174 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246358 
EFTA01394182

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394183.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394183.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (*SOF IN/' or the 'Fund') is being formed by Glendower Capital. 
LLP ("Glendower Capital', 'Glendower or the 'Manager), an independent investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1. 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns. principally in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout. growth capital, venture capital, special situations. 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities. real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally. but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds. feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary and. together. 'Fund Secondaries'), (i) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary and, together. 'GP-led 
Secondaries"). and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies alongside private equity kind sponsors (each 
such co-investment. a 'Single Asset Dear). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith (the 'Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment professionals. 
As described in *History' 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower. co-founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the 'SOF Business') in 2006 after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's E5.1 billion proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.' Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were pan of the team initially assembled by the Managing Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to become the `SOF Team' and, on and from August 1, 
2017. the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III (collectively the -SOF Funds' or the 'SOF Program') with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically-
• 
SOF ,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
■ SOF WI a top-up secondary hind that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche earic proprietary ovate equry restructuring took place between 2003 aria 2006 Carlo Pao-Bute and Charles Snub played a role 
alongside ether Deutsche Bank colleagues m the transaChons tnat contnItuted to the deposition of Deutsche Bard(s proprietary prrvate equity pored* 
Carlo Pao-Boob and Gnarls Smelt were net involeed in at such transactcas and the efforts described n that Memorandum in respect of the 
Mossy private equity reslructuring are attritheable to the whole Deitch° Balk team rather than my indendual within it 
References to the 'Glendower SOF Team' may also include investment prohissoneas and Other peisormel that are subsequently Med by the 
Manager 
SOF is a pool or capital dedtaled to the secondary market closed in 2007, which was structured through three separate investrneM vehicles. C43 
Secondary Opporsthrbes Fund A L P C8OF Al DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B. LP (SOF EV) and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C LP 
(SOF 
collecavely 'SOF 
CB Seconday Oppolunities Rind D. LP. (*SOF D'} is a pool of capital Onicalerl to ten seccrxiary Market dosed in 2010 SOF D s a Euro 
denom inated fund LISS values have been =waned to Euro3 et the September 33. 2017 rate ot 1.1822 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100175 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246359 
EFTA01394183

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394184.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394184.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 1: Executive Sunvnary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
SOF Il.e the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
• 
S0F 111.6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 with a USS1.654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between. inter aria. Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their remaining term. 
Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed In Appendix 5 (Important Performance InfomiatIon) any track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not Joined Glendower Capital were involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of the Investments made 
by the SOF Funds.,
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equay investment opportunities for the Fund 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
■ Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
■ Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and valuations. 
• 
Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier cash distnbutions. 
• 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years). strategy. industry and geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
■ The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to an institutionalized market where US$58 
billions was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including pension funds, sovereign wealth funds. 
endowments and foundations, asset managers. financial institutions and family offices. 
• 
With USS125 billion of near-term capital available for investment (commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9
■ Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of Fair Market Value CFMV1 since 201010
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record secondary transaction volumes." 
Secondary Oppodunates Fund IL LP ('SOF 111 is a pool of captor dedicaged to the secondary market that held es hist closing en 2011 
Secondary Opportumbes Fund III. LP PSOF If fa a pod or Geneside:Mated to the secondary market tnat nefdes first and Mal dosing in 2014 
Past performance is net a prolate of the future performance of SOF SOF D SOF II or SOF it Pa ,s included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N wit achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
Source. Glendower Captor based on Greenhill Secondary Market I rends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Source. Glendower Capital based on 2018 Precan Global Private Eguity 8 Venture Capital Report. Ban & Company Global Pnvate E ptly Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Cutback January 2018 
Source Greenhll Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Source, Glendower Capes based on Greenhd Secondary Market Trends & Outlook January 2018 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100176 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246360 
EFTA01394184

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394185.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394185.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 1: Executive Summery 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tail-
end funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment strategy" pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management") in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is built around five main pillars: 
■ A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017. the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an average deal size of US$40 million. 
■ Pursuing a selective. true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs larger levered beta players. the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3.000 potential deals since 2007 valued at around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
• 
Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of purchase. t6 
■ Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and horded at portfolio level. (ii) systematically implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, filo consistently diversified the SOF portfolios across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
■ Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Dealsi6 adjusting to focus on the former during market corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of kinds. feeder funds and other similar structures), portfolios of direct private equity assets. and co-
investments in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
■ Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors" and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.'s 
• 
Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address their objectives, which often include non-
monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and Certainty of execution. 
• 
Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary funds. 
Source Glendower Capital based on Gmenha Secondary Meeker Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
Past performanoe is net a prediction of the future perlormance d SOF. SOF D. SOF II or SOF Ill but is included to demonstrate the track record ce the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that S0F A/ vall where comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make tree of paean personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that Wit not be avalable to the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF ry 
Source. Glendower Capitals proprietary irgarnabon 
Represents % d aggregate imested captal in the SOF Funds as of September 30. 201T Past poetIcao constructon d the SOF Funds e not a 
prediction of the Funds port, olo construction 
Source. Glendower Gaped,' proprietary inlommbon 
Source Glendower Capture proprietary inionnacco 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100177 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246361 
EFTA01394185

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394186.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394186.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 1: ExeCuero Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Established track record19• 2° 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to investors. More specifically: 
• 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group. with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI and 22% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
■ SOF II (2011, USS614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
■ SOF III (2014, USS1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI. 0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
• 
Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
■ Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub•delegated manager to the SOF Funds. generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital 
■ Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years$' before spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
■ London and New York offices with established operational. integrated, self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
• 
Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
• 
Extensive database and relationships having invested around USS3 billion in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22
• 
Unique sell-side experience. having participated in the restructuring of Deutsche Bank's 65.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.21
Disciplined and selective investment process 
• 
Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after all fees. expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24
Source, 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of Seetember 30. 2017 This information reflects a =ripens*, of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only SOF Funds' performance may differ when cornered to other benchmark data. 
Performance of the SOF Finds is not included in the data set used to catiate the benchmark data Please refer to Sec ion 2. Exhibit 2 for fitter 
information 
The performance roves have not been reined and are based on the unedited aggregated performance results of SOF. SOF D and SOF H and SOF 
III. collecOvely the SOF Funds. as cl September X. 2017 and should be read and reviewed ri conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
intimation vaich sets lath amongst other things. Bromism information regaling the performance dthcnbed above 
Further. note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net RR in respecter the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of subscription line Wilms 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF ft/ a expected to use) such holies to manage capes drawdoms as described in 'I:raincoats and use of 
subscription line facilibes: in Salon 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds- performance data is rot expected to be retweeertative of the investmert 
returns that will be expenerced by maim in the Fund Gross returns are gross or fees. expenses and carried interest whch are not charged at the 
investment level investors should consult with their or, achwers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is nct a prediction of their future performance or that d the Fund 
Carlo Pero-Birth, Charles Smith. Ch Cheung and Deirdre Davies have worked together since 2003 Adam Grater Name part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013 
rt 
Source Glendower Captors proprietary information 
The Dedsone Bark proprietary envie equty restructunng took dace between 21:03 and 2006 Charles Smith and Carlo Pirtioaroli played a rote 
alongside other Deutsche Bank cdleagues in the transactions that comnbuted to the dispassion of Deutsche Bank's proprietary pnvate equity pordobo 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirao.Broli were not invoked In Si sum transactions and the efforts described In the Merncrandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equty restructunng are attributable to the whole Deutsche Bark team rather than any individual wren it 
There can to no assurance that the Fund will achieve es investment ouecove or as target return 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100178 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248382 
EFTA01394186

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394187.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394187.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors.25
• 
Conducts a rigorous value driven. asset-by-asset. bottom-up analysis focused on: 
— 
Operational. financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company
— 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— 
Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
• 
Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of interest between the Fund Sponsor arid its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable. attractive assets with reasonable leverage and attractive *see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the investors in the Fund: 
• 
The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 1.0% of the Fund. 
• 
The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
• 
The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals from Glendower Capital. 
• 
Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV. or any future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly. Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried interest or general partners share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of Interests which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source. Glendower Capitals proprietary inlormaticn 
Tote extent that sod) information s avast:4e 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100179 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246363 
EFTA01394187

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394188.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394188.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100180 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246364 
EFTA01394188

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394189.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394189.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.18
Through September 30. 2017. the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 82 transactions resulting in distributions 
of over USS1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017" 3I
" 
Fuld 
SOF 
SOF 0 
SOF B 
SOF • 
Tad 
Voltage 
2036 
2010 
2011 
2014 
(06vehponte stage) 
(naniesnng) 
(nannoating) 
(criatanno 
fee/ stage) 
Fund see 
USS565rn 
US:5147m 
USS614m 
US51854m 
US52.980m 
Transactons. funds convenes s 
21/154/1,774 
It 28/ 193 
29i 75! 737 
35/149/2.837 
Gross nue* 
21x 
Ca 
17x 
do 
ICs 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multipk (WPM 
1.1x 
2.3x 
1.5(c 
1.3)r 
1.Sx 
Not distributod (OFF) 
ttx 
2.1)( 
1.24 
Lk 
OAF 
Not IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net centntsted °dotal 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
For Flircuron purposes only. Source Glendower Cap* based on Preen benchmark data for the median 1VPI and Net RR achieved by buyout 
funds tor 'agars et 1997 to 2017 Average buyout TVPI = 1 59x. Average Net RR = 155% Data as of September 30 2017 
For further 
benchmarlang of Glendower Canted to tuyoul returns. peease refer to Exile* 3 
Pas, performance is neat:redid* of !MIL:tare performance of SCF. SOF D SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Skim:bate SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N 8.48 achieve company* results or that any target results sill be achieved 
'Invested is cleaned as the sum et the purchase once and tenoning unfunded *Igen* as of the time of dosng. or Erne of expected closav for 
pending deals 
Ire performance figures have not teen audited and should be read and renewed on conjunct* wen Appendo 5 Important Pertonnance inlonstaton 
which sets forth amongst other things important tie:mai:von regarding The performance described above The SCF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be tepresentente ot the investment returns that wii to expenenced by arrestors in the Fund Past performance or the SOF Funds A. Pa a 
prediction of future perfcrmarce Both SCF and SOF D ate invested in the DaVorn Poodle* - a viol dveradied portfcbo cd 28 puree equity funds 
purchased through en SPV. proveng exposure lo buyout scene' situations, venture central and real estate strategies on North America. Europe and 
Asa The number at funds and companes is an estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at posing and may on** sane double Odunbng 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid on Capital. DPI = Deritutons to Pad in Capital IRR = Internal Rate at Return 
SOF D rs a Euro denominated fund US$ valued have been converted at September 30 2017 EURAJSS rate ot 1 1822 
Both SOF and SOF D are divested in the DaVirso P0480148 - awed diversified porde° of 28 private equity funds purchased enough an SPY prcrodng 
exposure to buyout. spetal sttuations venture capes, and real estate straleges in North Amen* Europe and Aso The number at funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate al each deal at closing and may include sorne 86.81.88 °wand 
TVPI = Taal Value to Paid in Capital, DPI = DspitutOnS to Pad in Cantle IRR = eternal Rate ot Return 
Confidential Private Pbcoment Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100181 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246365 
EFTA01394189

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394190.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394190.pdf
----------------------------------------
DLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR. DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund Benchmark 
" 
37
Secondary funds: Net IRR to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to limited partners 
SCSI 
• CON' (mane 
1pw .r3d xi* 
• ut.0.0e 
all 
SC, 0 
SOf "I 
2916 
IN. 
BC. 
SCE II 
ti
1x
i a% 
all 
NS 
200. i 
• 
i $ t a
, I 
" •  40 
; 
5.. 
• 
vs 
as 
it. 
••
it 
1l 
Ivfi I Hz 
DPI • I it, 
*5 
% 
s 
1V11 
a".. 
SO; 
twi ; 
0(• e II 
904 6 
iVAr I3. 
OF' • 0L 
I .
or 
at 
*C9 
J•Y.•,T 
the mot 
a SOF Icrtab CPI 
SCF Ian& MISS 
In Exhibit 3. each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout•hke returns with a secondary risk profiles 
NR 
OPP 
SC1 
.COIF 
I 
0%. 
SOF. 
04.  
X1 
.04 AN Alt Al, nr) A,1 .M1 • FOS 
Wee 
Cs 
• r...r tryst 
1art salt 
art rt.. 
Some: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmaik statistics as of September 31 2017 SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
vintage yew peer group SOF and SOF 0 performance is net included in the data se teed to calculate the benchmark data Note that the performance 
fumes in reaped el SW and SOF D have not been audited and should be read and rewewed n comma:co huh Appendix 5 impOdaniParlonnanCe 
ratan:ton Past pedamance of SOF Finds * nor a predecton of Mute performance. 
Information presented n Exhibt 21s based at the moulted results of SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III as of September 30. 2017 
Past performance is !Vial:fed:OM of the future performance of SOF, SOF D. SOF II or SOF III In is included to demonstrate the track record or the 
Gktrickrerer SOF Team There can be no aesurance that SOF ft/ will achieve tempera le results or that any target resultswill be acheved 
CPI = Dentulons to Paid-In Capital. RVPI = Residual Value to Pawlan Capital. TVPI = Total Value to Paidan Capital 
Source' Cambridge Associates GIOSSI Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. The information reflects a companson of SOF. SOF D. SOF II Et 
SCf HI performance against one benchmark only Past performance is not a predicton ol the Uwe performance of SOF. SOF D, SOF II. SOF III or 
any other Glendower finds and there can be no asswance that SOF W will achieve comparable resifts or that any target results will be achieved. but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team trill:arra= presented in this chart is based on the unaudted issues of SOF. 
SOF D. 9CF 1l and SOF in as al Standby 30.2017 arid shwid be read and reviewed in COnpriCtCn and *hand be lead and IOV,OW03 in conjunction 
with Appendix 5 
Important Pet nine Intrination which sets forth amongst other throe important nfamalion regarding the pedcanance 
awaited above 
Confidential Prrvato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100182 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246366 
EFTA01394190

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394191.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394191.pdf
----------------------------------------
DLDUS123 DF Enterprises 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF. SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital. Net IRR, TVPI and DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. Net IRR. initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be returned in around 24 quarters. or 6 years. 
Lastly. TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.65x range by the time funds are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance10
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
— • • , 
DPI (Distributed to Paid4n Capital) 
Net IRR 
te • 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid4n Capital) 
Past perfomiance ts not a Predet011 of future rem: mane and therefore there can be no assurance that the Fund will 'Weave cancerasie results or 
that any target results wit be adueved 
Net Contnbuted Capital as % Fund Sze. Net IRR Development. TVPI (Total Value to Paid in Capital). CPI (Orstnbuions b Paid-rn Capital). as or 
September 30. 2017 Performance figures have been caiculated based on the unaudited cedormance results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as d 
September 30. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in coriunctim with Appends 5. Inriffent Pedonnanoe inkomafice Mich sets forth among 
other tNngs impotent inform/Mon regarding Ihe performance 'Somalian described in Exhibit 4 Pest performance is noise...doctor of future returns 
and tore can be no assurance that SCF fir will achieve comparable results cr tut any large! testes will be *Oilseed Performance information on 
SOF 0 has not been included on the slide because 50Ft:heavily° transaction / top-up fund raised in 201010 urdenente prel-passu the DaVinci 
transaction wile SOF GiefldONVISt WS not expect that voider vansacbons wi be available so 939 IV 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100183 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246367 
EFTA01394191

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394192.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394192.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS129 DF Enterprises 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market indexes including the MCSI World Index. Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all cases, each of SOF. SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets'. 
40% 
35% 
IVA I 
22% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
s0F (=FA 
(1OFOr:Dro, 
ggF Hiatt) 
SOF IS VOW 
•glerelower Fist IRR 
MSc; wand 
Ruses; 2000 
vs Thomson Reuters 
5% 
Ulf Proven 
MCSI Wodd Index and Russell 2000 index returns are based on total return Thomson Reuters Private Equty Buyout hider re:urns ace based on ewe 
These benchmark indices do not represent an apccopnate benchmark tocompare a Glendower irmistoreperlormance bU rather is dscsosed solely to 
allow for canpanson to that or conain aell-kncom and welch recognized indices Methodology The Long Nickels method has teen used to calculate 
the PMEs Net cash flows for the S0F Funds are replicated in each index For temple. (i) when caper/ * drawn horn an investor an equvatre, 
amount is nvested in the index on the specific date, and rig when capFal is dstributed to an nvestor. capital rs 'wehdremn' from the index on the same 
dale A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the total ndex Net RR is caleutued using the cashrsows repoated in the tridex 
and the theoretical renwnal value Recaaabte distr0utons have been treated Leong the *all in method' 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100184 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246368 
EFTA01394192

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394193.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394193.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100185 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246369 
EFTA01394193

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394194.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394194.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 3: Summery of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Summary of Terms and Conditions. Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6. Section 7 and Section 8, respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. 
Fund Name 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Investment Strategy 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, principally in 
the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition of a diverse portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1 75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment 
US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Manager 
Glendower Capital. LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the Fund. 
Term 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
Investment Period 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
Target First Closing 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share 
The General Partner will receive from the Fund an annual profit share as follows: 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments: 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period. 1.00% per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
(ii) 
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried Interest 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Clay/back 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2 5 million 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100186 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246370 
EFTA01394194

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394195.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394195.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100187 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246371 
EFTA01394195

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394196.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394196.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDLISI 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
S0F IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor Mid to the S0F Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the S0F Funds in the secondary market and will follow processes established by the Glendower 
S0F Team in the S0F Program.42
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has generated strong returns in the S0F Funds to date.43
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally. but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three types of investment: 
1. 
Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity funds: 
2. 
GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP tenders; and 
3. 
Single Asset Deals into individual private equity comparies, either at the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of USS5 million to US$100 million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the Managers view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, focusing on kinds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range - most Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above. the Fund will have the ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis." 
Prossectlas investors should note that while et Deutsche Asset Management. the SOF Teem win able to mike use of pteeform personnel raid 
mouton in connection with the SOF Program that win not be available to the Glendowei SOF learn in connection wah the maregement and 
operation od SOF IV 
Past performance of the SCE Finds is not a preoction or future performance el either the SOF Funds or the Fund Actual returns co unrealized 
imestmems may URI& mace ally from returns indicated here. 
There can be no assurance that tie Fund will achieve as armament objective or its target return 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100188 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248372 
EFTA01394196

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394197.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394197.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives. which often include non-monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and referral sources amongst fund investors. 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement agents. investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
• 
The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%. Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 4%.45
• 
Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.0
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors. such as confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non-monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. A wide funnel and a narrow filter:" 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs. LPs. advisory Board members 
• Close prdate banked rabbonshes DB 
Wtsilth Mans:smart, Raymond Jarrow 
Max Brown 
Law firms, swamp agents, banks 
Preachy top-down approach 
• Engage seedy cum potentet steer 
unlyerse Leaks Insurance convenes 
pension funs 
• On-me-sneir prong for cbsely monitored 
library of >1001unds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 dub since 2007 
• Substantalfolknwon deal tow 
subsequent to Cyst transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, faro US$400bn 
eVtLIPt 
sot taw ame 
• 
COO tar:POSPWri. Co•St :0 OSAS.. ..SCIU,
:osigettl 
'PIG IPS:21 citSPSY 
• Wir-4.1.w., a V.1.00,1 Os PE r/Parttte:'J WS, 
F Rena 
Finer, 
Finals 
Transacted 11)1>ralis: anon 
c.100 barna:born 
Some. Glendower Capital orcpnetary information Data as of September 33. 2017. 
Source. Glendower CaPtal proprietary alternation Data as of September 30. 2017. 
Source Glendower Capital proprietary ir4ormaton Data es of March 19, 2018. 
Dritipared dualtry.dril rsterweltInd 
try 
• 
QS:ruffed Yearn e45CF LPs 
• 
ni 44 krOle41. tOtCOM40 tOPRM:t. 
Lirineci CIP-iestrurhoirnard %noel! enienefQ,
• 
•••••• lave tit rite 
•••••,• r•r• ••••ff 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248373 
DB-SDNY-0100189 
EFTA01394197

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394198.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394198.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
• 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investors investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
• 
Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors1B 
000 
1000 
Pricing 
FkOitlarty 
Re-rhe Conto0 funded 85555 
- Capitalise on pacing inefficiencies 
Mtgale Blind 
Pool Pi* 
Mitigate 
..t-Curie 
COrts440Ment 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Knowedge of existing underlying COMpanieS 
Mature assets typically men awe predicted., cash 
Con 
- Shorter euraten of investments 
- Earlier cash entre:000re 
Accelerate deployment of capital 
Proven back-seasoned &Reseed exposure 
across enter strategy onustry and recently 
1200 
ENO 
'so 
edpi 
400 
200 
dept 
voo) 
coo .1
s 
ID 
Veen 
.. ... ... ... _ 
_ 
- 
—re. Careasile weneesgenererse 
rarer core-brute 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
■ Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
• 
Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
■ Mitigation of J-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the J-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures - are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 10 to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. M investor in such a structure that requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
TM irlonatrem a for 01SM 
MSPOSOS The Orr is an example fee dlustratere purposes and the nice cash flow profile of any gwen investment 
may vary substantially 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100190 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246374 
EFTA01394198

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394199.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394199.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US129 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders. GP recapitalizations and structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time. the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.5° Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and (ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP4ed Secondaries and active portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 billions, in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 - 201752
vat.,
co 
9) 
JD 
■ 
ZOOS 
2007 
2003 
2012 
20i3 
20ra 
ati5 
MI6 
2017 
OP-led S440.156PI 
• Fund Soxotibry 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more investors have entered the asset class, eidsting 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source 2018 Precpn Global Private Eqtaty8 Venture Captal Repot 
Source. Greenhll Secondary anon° Trends 8 Analyse, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Poona Trends 8 Analyse. January 2018 
Glendower Capes, analysis based cn Greenhd Secondary Market Trends 8 Ou0tok January 2018. Greenhil GP Solutions Discussion Matenats. May 
2017, and Dow Jones Private Eceirty Analyst Grade lo Secondary Market June 2017 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100191 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246375 
EFTA01394199

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394200.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394200.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to USS2.8 trillion53 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PEsO 
503 
:
' II 
I 
I 
1-1 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
• Umansed *we'd* vat,. 
Dry pow6e/ 
2% - 
0% - 
18% 
16% . 
14% 
12% - 
10% 
08% 
06% 
04% - 
02% 
. 
3)07 206 2039 3)10 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As% et tosi PE 841414 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than kinds of more recent vintages whose assets still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds. and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived -out-of-favor funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller. may result in the ability to generate stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing captures bids received by sellers. it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,56 and does not factor in transaction structuring. 
2018 Preen Global Private Equity a Venture Capital ReCOn 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Pmfate Equity 8 Venture Capital Repat. Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & outlook. January 
2018, and Dow Jones Private Equity Analylt Gude to the Secondary Market June 2011 
Greenml Secondary Market Trends 8 Outook January 2018 
Private equity I unds typically report information to The axestors including the net asset value of than investment, °net:venally Oasts Secondary 
market uansaacns are typically arced wen reference to the net asset value clan LP interest oldest:en:ft reporting date. the 'Record Date' 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100192 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246376 
EFTA01394200

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394201.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394201.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund tlt LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing - which taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)" 
- 
CIVOISMONIas!•.200S ne 3307 
"Plimale re; a Qoar Oren; COWS, 
awo WW 1/4f of ho nab; 
;.t; tamricItys <lase; a ItI4 Yhe0 
101Gcl". Water LP me.wras 
20CS 
2606 
2t 
20:11 
2010 
24/Sr 
2012 
ZOn 
20t4 
2015 
201 
201? 
Socatitry r.M1M ran 
*;;;•••Slitilf.SIVOIlidlat 
Pence 
lo txrralcsd hmow,a; 
Suev. la ; wty, 
$0.9%1 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were wry low because the high discount (to already low net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower CDS.' 00.4'068nd estimates based on Greenhill Secondary Markel Trends 8 Outlook January 2018. Cogent Fanners Secondary Market 
Trends 8 Outlook. July 2014. Cogent Partners Secondary Market Vpdate. Mardi 2009. and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017 
Conlidenhal Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100193 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246377 
EFTA01394201

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394202.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394202.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply I demand is balanced with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current market volumes. a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capita! supply/' 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced" 
USSImi 
USS0A 
140 • 
700 
120 • 
600 , 
I00 
corbowerCeptaissamafri wt 
wrraion/ man a 
500 
Co .
masb•rodepty Settedanos 
sa 
SO 
200 
• 
100 
0' 
Dry Posey 
'Wye ossivaume 
0, Pew. 
• 0.4l.olsre 
■ 
Bvitui 
S.cmM1r.s 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires - to modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 1W° of total transaction volume by value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) public pensions. and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhll Cogent Secondary Market Trends& Cyder* January 2018 
2018 Freon Global Private Equity 8 Venture Canal Report Ban 8 Company Global PriVele Equity Report 2018 and Greenhll Cogent Secondary 
Madre Trends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
tt. 
Deal flow intonation reinserts The aggregate deal flow by value reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1. 2006 and September 
30. 2017 Historical dear flow cnaractensbos do rice provide a predclion of Faure del %ow trends and there can be no guarantee that Ititure deal flow 
will be comparable to histonc deal flew 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100194 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246378 
EFTA01394202

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394203.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394203.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdowno 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage
100% - 
2016 
>2006 P041-466.4 
General 
Entkmmems 
Fcuneption 
80% 
39% 
Panes 
24% 
Fray 064. 
arm 
60% 
Se% 
20:36.06 Theorise 
40% 
43% 
VrnoI 
instaatiens 
12% 
Asset 
repot
20% • 
11% 
<2006 PM-COSI' 
0%  
2316 
2017 
0.koc 
Penvens 
SW! 
24% 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs. or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. USS600 billion of private equity assets still locked in 2003.2008 vintage funds. 
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Yearo 
USSon 
250 
200 
226 
201 
188 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144
129 
100 
S 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
iiimrtmairoain 
" 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Oilcok January 2016 
f' 2017 Preps Glotel Pena* Equity 8 Venture Centel Report - Prwate Equity and Venture Cispdal Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100195 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245379 
EFTA01394203

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394204.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394204.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and restructurings. tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)" 
USSbn 
% of Secondary 
market deal valume 
30% 
140 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
20% 
15% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
i t 
5% 
0.6 
0% 
2C06 
2007 
2038 
2C09 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
GP.led scrota nes 
—GP•led secondaries as % of toed 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
• 
The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
• 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
■ A greater and growing ntrnber of high-quality managers are now utilizing the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
■ Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led liquidity offerings and restructurings Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Oalook January 2018. 
Greenlel Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 0LO:0k January 2017. 
Glenckwer Carmel based on Greenler Secondary Market Trends 8 Outkok January 2018 and EvercoreHt 2017 Seocodary Market Survey Results 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100196 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246380 
EFTA01394204

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394205.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394205.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
curiosities. Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown to be an important aspect of the market. 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities. Glendower has not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-fed Secondaries with 'Top Quartile' GPs6° 
Dar else 
pea 
of brand 
names 
&Aram 
Quartile 
Less known GPs 
looking for a 
bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Zombies looking her 
sofuticns make 
unikely targets 
Glerskrnier Capital mancet inteagente 
RC. Partnerti DIAMOND CASTLE 
One Equity Partners 
immge 
Wm(ntio; 
s 
v 
QUADISCA WIG,/ 
DUKE 
STREET 
A ARCO HEAL ESTATE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
QT 
u.P.nir • • 
GMT 
Zurmont Madison 
. . 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100197 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246381 
EFTA01394205

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394206.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394206.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between USS1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below USS1 billion are forced to compete in the very competitive market for small fund interests. and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than USS3 billion inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its Strategy's 
hint Si. 
NSW) 
Wand PS ploy 
Monacan 
'0040  
L 
Meting 
• 
. 
• 
GIceal soureng 
lamebnen 
iota ant 
axe 
• Viet° .0o:ding 
M 
• Octal %aurora 
• Sefecb• scarang 
. 
anal BMWS 
OW 
S 
• 
. 
LOON twang 
tatty canna,* 
'Co 
1001 
022/3 
O0 
g
Sourcing strategies 
It% 
Sat-
An
(-) 
. , ,,,xo 
Frzi 
b 
O 
62,8 6  
O Pi o 
O 
c
- S. 
BeeOgvuor 
AF FI 
0
00 
2° 
Dig 
i°0 
s 
g 
e s
.  
It 
• 
X0:1 
2002 
700* 
:NO 
2003 
2010 
2012 
2014 
•AN 
an 
Fu-4 iteta.un 
e41bn 
II•33n 
• >S3en 
. Canibeer CCCI 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>S0 Players 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, infrastructure. mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, together with its target deal size of under USS100 
&gate Glendower Capita market intengeme 
Source Preen database and Glendower Capital's own analysts 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100198 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248382 
EFTA01394206

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394207.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394207.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the portfolio - focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this. some secondaries funds target interests in Fund Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
Igination 
and sotmng 
Too dean 
identecation or 
attract* assets 
Focus on key 
seder whcais 
Proactne oaring 
eons 
Lappng olafi
potential beats onto 
name 
Screening 
and due 
dlkgerce
Weekly favew re 
Ptehne 
Stelling and 
Pnonturation 
Cetaled bceteen-
up
 dhgence 
Transit non 
reacptchon and 
tafiXturing 
irp,estment 
decision 
closing 
Apretyal by 
Investment 
Committee 
Final negaliaWerS 
Swinge( 
transac bon 
GP consent /other 
closing condemns 
FX leadianp 
Cooing 
Fttanitonfo 
and risk 
mgml 
Rem.* of 
realssatroas and 
uPla:0s on 
petomarce at 
weekly meeting 
Inwstroent 
realizaticn 
- Ravow eashaous 
from unckelpeag 
funds 
Cello ng 
exeloaton cd sale 
Eaaluate and 
onpoluntoes 
execute 
realisatrons view, 
Fennel cpanorly 
we ham CISCIetiCei 
location and 
performance 
riNew 
Valuation MOW 
PSA and 
vaioaton memo 
IC memo 
Popolne 
IC memo 
sutecnotion 
cbcuments 
Cuarterly meow 
Sale documents 
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships. which includes financial sponsors. Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100199 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246383 
EFTA01394207

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394208.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394208.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and approach utilizes the following principles: 
■ Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
■ Focus on quality assets. 
■ Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing. or is expected to distribute, carried interest. 
• 
Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
• 
Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a rigorous and disciplined value-focused. 
bottom-up due diligence' approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous. value-focused bottom-up due diligence focused on: 
• 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company. 
• 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
• 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
• 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
• 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include deciding. on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment.
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the Manager to be appropriate, the Glendoveer SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including. for example, utilizing selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
• 
To tne extent intorrnation is available fro/lithe underlying Mid 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100200 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246384 
EFTA01394208

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394209.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394209.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team members who completed the investment.
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the investment under-performs as against its business 
plan 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will. 
• 
Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them. 
• 
Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
• 
Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
• 
Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary actions, steps or remedial processes. 
• 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting and investor report.
• 
Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
- 
weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor the Fund's portfolio. review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add value to an investment or exit an 
investment 
— 
quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
• 
Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process. whether the Fund should proceed with the proposed divestment. 
" 
The extent <4 the Geendower SOF Teent's InWacecn min Fund Spomors including by atter4ing partnership meetings sall depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor end the indedyng turd. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100201 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246385 
EFTA01394209

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394210.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394210.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100202 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246386 
EFTA01394210

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394211.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394211.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100203 
SDNY_GM_00246387 
EFTA01394211

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394212.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394212.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 5 Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business. co-founded by Carlo and Charles in 2006. has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 bilkon of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York. with a 23-strong team expected to grow to 26.28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 12 years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated manner when it was established in 2006.T1
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Bnef biographies of the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonk,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. 
The Investment Committee, in addition to other matters. will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (it) review detailed analysis of target investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments. and (iv) advise on the investment strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that wit not be awelable to the Glendower SCF Team in connoaco with the management and 
operation of SOF IV 
Frames:O Rmamorti win act m a senior tome to Glendower Capes ands me a partner. officer or employee of Glendower Capital 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100204 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246388 
EFTA01394212

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394213.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394213.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 5: Fund Managemerd 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. South Africa. She is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York. Joshua is responsible for leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists. Alternatives (Americas). responsible for managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor relations for Paul Capital. serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor. 
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamontl (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan. Francesco works with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co
-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth &Awl of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations. finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 20O7, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO. Based in New York. Katie is the Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. 
She began her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Debate & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loldi (32), Vice President. Based in London. Victoria is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment Banking Dnision, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London. Devrup is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2008 to 2012. Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York. Aldrich is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance. 
summa cum laude. from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100206 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246390 
EFTA01394213

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394214.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394214.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Femeini (34), Vice President. Based in London. Philippe is responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Master of Engineering (Diplome dingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smimova (31), Vice President. Based in London. Elena is responsible for the origination. valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first pined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President - Finance. Based in London. Louise is responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for the management company structure and in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management functions for the platform. Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance. a registered charity. Louise worked with the S0F team previously from 2011 to 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom (lions) in Accounting Sciences in 2003. 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the transaction team in valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments for the S0F Business. Jonathan graduated from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Wel in the Diversified Industrials Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheklon holds a MSc in Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team members will be recruited over the corning six 
months: Investment Team Associate. London; Tax Vice President, New York; and a Fund Controller Associate. New 
York. 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100207 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246391 
EFTA01394214

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394215.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394215.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100208 
SDNY_GM_00246392 
EFTA01394215

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394216.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394216.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summery of Terms end Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary is qualified in its entirely by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will prevail. 
The Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout. growth capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, a 'Fund 
Secondary), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary), and (iii) co-investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-investment, a 
'Single Asset Dean. Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at least four years. 
The General Partner 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. will serve as a general partner of the Fund (the 
"General Partner). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LIP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
'Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 'Manager) is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the 'AIFMCip and its implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AlFM- (as defined in the AIFMD) and will assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion of the General 
Partner and the Second GP. will take all actions in respect of the Fund that constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will satisfy from the 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100209 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246393 
EFTA01394216

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394217.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394217.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
Commitments 
Minimum Commitment 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Closings 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Drawdowns 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC ('Glendower U.S.). to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-advisory 
agreement. 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ('Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion. although the General Partner may accept aggregate Commitments less than. 
or in excess of. this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not exceed 
USS2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest. a prospective limited Partner must execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to satisfy its 'customer 
due diligence' obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a subscription for an 
Interest. 
The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund (collectively, the 'Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP. the 'Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an 'Advance"). 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the 'Team Investment') indirectly through the Special Limited Partner (as 
defined below). 
The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the aggregate 
Commitments. 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the 'First Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First Closing, a 
'Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 months after the 
First Closing (the 'Final Admission Date), provided that, if on the 15 month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner') generally will participate in the investments, if any, made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at the higher of the 
preferred retum rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100210 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246394 
EFTA01394217

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394218.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394218.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
Reinvestment 
Key Person Event 
Diversification 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following occurs (the 
'Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period following a key 
person event (as described below)). After the end of the Investment Period, the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment. (b) complete investments that were in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (e) fund follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's Share. 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment: (ii) following the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in 'Investment Period' above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals, and (Iii) distributions made 
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund expenses. 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzioaroli, Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the 'Key Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the 'Permitted Activities'). 
The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 66'A% in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66%% in interest of the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100211 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246395 
EFTA01394218

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394219.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394219.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS I 29 OF Enterprises 
Sedon 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary. (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been drawn down. 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
'Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
Hedging 
General Partners 
Share 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its control. may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings including its 
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of derivative transactions. 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit share (the -General 
Partner's Share'). Advances will be made against the General Partners Share quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b)the commitment (or equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor: 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1 00% per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100212 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246396 
EFTA01394219

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394220.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394220.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Scotian 6: Summery of Terms end Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund's Invested Capital"), and 
(iii) 
for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term (including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 'Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees.' 
'Applicable Points' means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment (or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than US$50 million. zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$100 million 
or more but less than USS150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
'Legacy investor means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time: 
(ii) 
Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third. 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the 'Special Limited Partner) 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner. 12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over 90 the Advances of such Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter. 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited Partner. 
'Carded Interest' means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of  the Fund will be made in cash or marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100213 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246397 
EFTA01394220

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394221.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394221.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will not be subject to 
Carried Interest.
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Transaction, Break•Up 
and Other Fees 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions' above) applied on an aggregate basis covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received by the Special 
limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an aggregate amount 
not to exceed USS2.500.000. plus amounts in respect of applicable value added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees. will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the General 
Partner's Share. 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-today services to the Fund. including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase. structuring, holding and sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed): expenses incurred in connection with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of accountants, counsel. 
administrators. depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting: litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal expenses: Prowded, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees. advisory fees, break-up 
tees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if necessary. 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the 'Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an investor in any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100214 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246398 
EFTA01394221

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394222.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394222.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor affiliated with the 
General Partner. the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, or before the Final Admission Date at the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult with the Manager as to potential conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 662.4% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the General Partner, 
the Second GP. Glendower Capital. LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital. LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested. committed or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple third party investor funds with investment objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund). 
Subject to the 'Successor Funds' restrictions described above. the Manager and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment vehicles, including Complementary Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, the "Investment Plattomis), some of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and investment committee members with those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require. inter elle, the prior written 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. 
Limited Partners will also receive such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes to leverage. 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment activities and 
portfolio. 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund. 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" below for 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100215 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245399 
EFTA01394222

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394223.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394223.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side Letter was 
provided. Such election, however. will only be made after the Final Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Default 
Term 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a 'Covered Person") will be liable to the Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund. except for (I) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negkgence. fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information. advice. materials. documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as approved 
by. the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, liabilities, costs 
and expenses. including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement. except to the extent that such claims. damages, liabilities. costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence. fraud, willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited Partners where 
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General Partner. 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis•a•vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time following any 
material amendments. 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions. including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%. and (ii) 8%. 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject to the term being 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100217 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246401 
EFTA01394223

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394224.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394224.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager. with the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
ERISA Considerations 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Into rest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and should not. 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor will be liable for tax on its own share of 
income. gain, losses. deductions and tax credits of the Fund. 
The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. Asa partnership, the Fund generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S. tax will be required to include in computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether and to what extent distributions are made by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. As a result. 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. 
Prospective 
investors, In particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt Investors, are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment In the Fund. 
Investment in the Fund is generally open to institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (-ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan investors" (within the meaning 
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult Its own advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts of interest.
Each prospective Investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & Young 
LLP 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248402 
DB-SDNY-0100218 
EFTA01394224

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394225.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394225.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited. an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Agent 
Confidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100219 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246403 
EFTA01394225

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394226.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394226.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100220 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246404 
EFTA01394226

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394227.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394227.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Pail A - Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds. and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may. among other things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may tail to meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100222 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246406 
EFTA01394227

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394228.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394228.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio companies in which the Fred may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or deterioration in the condition of tlx: investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase and sale price of assets, and accordingly. 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or dispose of investments. the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely to be particularly risky. they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, payments to the mderlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a preferential payment.
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early stage venture capital investments. which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. 
These companies often face intense competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified persomel. To the extent there is a public market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments. There can be no assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (it any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore impact the valuation analysis of the Fund.
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly illiquid compared to other asset classes. and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for secondaries. 
Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100223 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246407 
EFTA01394228

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394229.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394229.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Funds term or otherwise. Although the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B - Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to the greatest risk of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. Since the Fund may only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a high degree of risk, poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently. Investors should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of dispositions. including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100225 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246409 
EFTA01394229

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394230.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394230.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Funds investments could substantially affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may. directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the Fund may incur. My such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Funds Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in correction with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and principal payments on the Funds borrowings. 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched' together into larger, less frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money from such credit facilities. My such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short•term in nature. The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the preferred return. which will begin accning when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carded interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. Ma general matter. use of borrowings in lieu of drawing down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100226 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246410 
EFTA01394230

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394231.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394231.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AMR) standards. 
No assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment opportunities against other investors. including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund. (ii) may make competing offers for investment opportunities that are identified by the Fund. 
and (hi) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of the Fund. including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and obligations of the Fund. Investors must rely 
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements. the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise, conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) throughout the Ude of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Finds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful operation. and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in -History in Section 1 Executive Summary of this Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100227 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246411 
EFTA01394231

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394232.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394232.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution. and. in connection with the investments comprising the track record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly ikigtid investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there is not a readily available public market. 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and fadure to do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when due. As a result. the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investors undrawn commitment to the Fund). during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment Penod 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic. financial and other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and. accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100228 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248412 
EFTA01394232

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394233.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394233.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7 Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables. and limited sources of useful valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not. register as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940. as amended (the 'Investment Company Act), and, accordingly, the provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the securities of any other person and marked to dearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund andlor the Investors could become subject to additional or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund. the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests. there is a risk that the relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD) together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as base erosion and profit shifting (-REPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the REPS project ft is anticipated that new rules dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS. the European Council has adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect from no later than either January 1. 2019, 
January 1. 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member State. 
Confidential Rotate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100229 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246413 
EFTA01394233

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394234.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394234.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund. its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. 
The ability of the Manager and its affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is recognized by an investment partnership and 
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals. which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30. 2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100230 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246414 
EFTA01394234

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394235.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394235.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (n) consider the offence in respect of the Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project. the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's investments. My such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to Investors. In addition, the Fund may co-
invest with other parties through partnerships. joint ventures or other entities. Under such circumstances. there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate in existing investments of the Fuld, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. 
Although such Investors will contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify. and hold harmless. the General Partner. the Second GP. the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers. directors, employees, managers. agents of any of the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund: each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives), and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and against any liabilities. actions, proceedings. 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund. unless such liabilities. actions. proceedings, claims. costs, demands and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100231 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246415 
EFTA01394235

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394236.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394236.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term instnrnents pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. My decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. 
The Fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that they have received distributions from the Fund. 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund. including any investments made by the Fund, are available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular assets. such as the asset representing the 
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. 
In addition, the Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments. and the Fund may incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100232 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246416 
EFTA01394236

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394237.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394237.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in countries that are considered "emerging markets'. 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in emerging markets countries. For example. 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in countries outside the United States. the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees. the repatriation of capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have acknowledged and agreed that. in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. as counsel to an underlying private equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner.
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Find, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantialy more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdovm notice, which may have adverse consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100233 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246417 
EFTA01394237

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394238.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394238.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a 'Side Letter). My such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. My such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates. (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events. (iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that. in recent years. the stability of certain financial markets has significantly deteriorated. certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation. Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. 
Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to other assets. such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sefl certain investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall. reducing the revenues generated by, and so the value of. such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100234 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246418 
EFTA01394238

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394239.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394239.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid. preventing the Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and. as a result, the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance. however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars. their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years. disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price. these conditions may adversely affect the availability of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing. scope and cumulative effect of these regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds. including changes to existing laws and regulations and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures may be implemented. Therefore. there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100235 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246419 
EFTA01394239

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394240.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394240.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets in which they operate and invest or the 
couMerparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave the European Union (' Broth"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit. other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Brexit may result in significant market dislocation. 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in pan to redenomination of financial assets and liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK. meaning that instead the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be related to changes in market conditions. the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions. particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti•money laundering steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100236 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246420 
EFTA01394240

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394241.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394241.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 7 Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor must indemnity the Fund against any loss 
suffered 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may provide to each Investor statements. reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected websate (*Electronic Communications"). Electronic Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications systems to conduct business functions.
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers. third-party service providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective service providers to incur 
regulatory penalties, reputations' damage, additional compliance costs or financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted socalled 'pay-to-play- laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things. prohibit an investment adviser from providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative returns, estimates, objectives. beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee. an assurance. a prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100237 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246421 
EFTA01394241

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394242.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394242.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100238 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246422 
EFTA01394242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394243.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100239 
SDNY_GM_00246423 
EFTA01394243

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394244.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394244.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is. or may reasonably be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case. where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments. decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
My broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co•investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100240 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246424 
EFTA01394244

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394245.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394245.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be. prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100241 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246425 
EFTA01394245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394246.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Certain Legal,ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFM073
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance with the UK AlFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC*) 820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a valuation committee (the 'Valuation 
Committee') to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual Investment. Deirdre Davies. the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Managers portfolio management activities. and the Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
pokey and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Managers valuation policy will be periodically assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a 'closed-ended AIF' (as defined in the AIFMD) and the Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage.
Managers professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
" 
The Manager may prcmde further intermit., as required under article 23 of the AIFMITh a supplement loan Memorandum 
Confidential Prnrate PPcoment Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100244 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246428 
EFTA01394246

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394247.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394247.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certah Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
'private fund limited partnership'. The Fund Partnership Agreement will be governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-
to-day operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter ells. be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur 'leverage' within the meaning of the AlFMD.74
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in accordance with the 'gross method' (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the 'Delegated Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Find, calculated in accordance with the "commitment method' 
(article t3 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure' paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable.
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
" 
See Section 6 Summary ri rams and Com:Wass lot a descnahn a how the Fund may mow leverage 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100245 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246429 
EFTA01394247

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394248.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394248.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Ceuta." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Partner 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
My changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
In each annual report 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
In each annual report 
the Fund. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no net asset value of the Fund. (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged. and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund will engage. a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the 'Depositary) has been retained by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate any pan of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law. the Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager. the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100246 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246430 
EFTA01394248

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394249.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394249.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Scotian 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in the Securities Act and/or Regulation 0 or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement representations. including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and any applicable state or non-
U.S. securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation 0 but occurred before the rule's effective date. September 23, 2013. including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
in September 2008. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ('CSSU') reached an agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment products generally known as 
'auction rate securities.* Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's consent. a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to 5550 million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of 515 million. Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing.' 
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to Raymond James 8 Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services. Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
'Beginning in 2011. Raymond James 8 Associates, Inc. and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively 'Raymond James) settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Colwnbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders. Raymond James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100247 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246431 
EFTA01394249

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394250.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394250.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Gland:twat Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended (the 'Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances. the Fund may be required to aggregate its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by 'qualified purchasers,' as defined under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an 'Eligible Non-U.S. Investor) or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an -Eligible U.S. Investor) (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. together. "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab inaio and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of an interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. Advisers Act of 1940 (the 'Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act; how ever. under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC"), only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill or training nor does it imply any endorsement. 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100248 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248432 
EFTA01394250

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394251.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394251.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC) and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, that, in the case of an option that is in4he-
money at the time of purchase, the in4he-inoney amount as defined in CFTC Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors. 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently. the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor (-IDOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
standards under ERISA. Oft whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in tight of limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the investment will give rise to a 'prohibited 
transaction' within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as 
amended (the 'Code'). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a 'publicly offered security' nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the assets of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (0 ownership of each class of equity interest in the entity by 'Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 25% of the total value of such class of equity interest then outstanding. 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the -25% Test"), or (ii) the entity is an *operating company,' including 
a 'venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: (i) an 'employee benefit plan' within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a `plan, account or arrangement" within 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100249 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246433 
EFTA01394251

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394252.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394252.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include 'plan 
assets' by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not satisfy any exception under the D0L regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets (or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute 'plan assets' for purposes of ERISA. In the connection. the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required to report on Form 5500 Annual ReturnReport 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried interest set forth in Section 6: Summery of Terms 
and Condtions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 'eligible indirect compensation' for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an Investment in the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on laws. including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the 'Code), regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change. possibly with retroactive effect The U.S. federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex. involving, among other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities. life insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors). with reference to any special issues that investment in the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income. gain, loss, deduction or credit. It is possible that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However. Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the 'IRS') (such audit procedures, the 'Partnership Audit Rules). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100250 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246434 
EFTA01394252

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394253.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394253.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI29 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certif., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1. 2018. an audit resulting in an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment. may be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or. in the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other Row-
through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax purposes. such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a Push-
Out Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-
U.S. corporations treated as 'passive foreign investment companies' ("PFICs"). A U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor (or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a 'qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations* ("CFCs"). A U.S. Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
RestrIcdons on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business (*Operating Partnerships"), the 'passive activity loss" rules, the "at-risk' rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100251 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246435 
EFTA01394253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394254.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Corte., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational expenses rateably over 15 years. or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering expenses, including placement fees. A non-
corporate taxpayer is not permitted to deduct Investment interest" expense in excess of -net investment income.' This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investors investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such investors share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for 'business interest' may be subject to further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors may be able to deduct a portion of any 
-qualified business income' arising from certain trades or businesses held by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans. are subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income CUB111. UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness. and certain insurance income received from or attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a non-
resident alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws. such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, former U.S. citizens or residents. and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a 'tax home' in the U.S. Non-U.S. Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S.. has and will have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends. etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest (subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 'engaged in 
trade or business within the United States' is itself considered to be engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a non-U.S. corporation, the 'branch profits' tax). 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business c Ecn. A non-U.S. person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its Ea may subsequently be precluded from claiming deductions related to the Ea and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the and to pursue certain investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memotandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100252 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245436 
EFTA01394254

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394255.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394255.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Corte., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund W. LP 
Ea, In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is engaged in trade or business within the U.S.. the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business (whether or not distributed) as determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation rules) generally applicable to non-U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. Investor's share of the net income of the 
Operating Partnership): and 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the disposition of and interest in the Fund. in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-US. Investor's share of any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S.
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as Ea, the proceeds of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the -dividend equivalent amount' of a non-U.S. corporation, which is approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's eamings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced rates of, the branch profits tax for 'qualified 
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the Fund may offer a "blocker structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 'United States real property holding corporation' 
CUSRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. Investors may be required to file Form 8865. 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses. deductions and credits to the Investor and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to 'reportable transactions' are applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments). Investors that are required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future. for example, if the Fund generates certain types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100253 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246437 
EFTA01394255

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394256.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394256.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change. 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead. the income and capital gains or losses of the Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part of a trade (e.g.. financial traders. such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK through a UK representative. which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances. the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100254 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246438 
EFTA01394256

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394257.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394257.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly. HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer reference ('UTR') number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should. therefore, be aware that an investment in the Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue 8 Customs or (b) provide the General Partner with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns.
Taxation of UK resident Investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a £5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Funds investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5.000 to £2.000 from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e g., debenture interest) received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets. may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors. there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100255 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246439 
EFTA01394257

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394258.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394258.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Cedar Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
'Offshore Fund Rules) may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 'offshore fund.' The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as a 'reporting fund" or 'non-reporting fund' 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be 'controlled foreign companies' for UK tax purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets. including those which are subject to the 'loan relationship' 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. generally on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. M Investor's actual share in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from such income at source. Interest income 
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Certain Investors may. however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
retum to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may. however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade. whether carried on within or outside the UK. to whom different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100256 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246440 
EFTA01394258

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394259.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394259.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
FATCA and other International disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance (-FATCA"). a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018. of property that can produce U.S. source interest or dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31.2018 (or. if later, the date on which the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments' are published) by certain foreign financial institutions (such as barks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are 'attributable to withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as "attributable to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IOW) 
relating to FATCA and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, the 'UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any 'substantial' U.S. owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to provide such information and documentation and 
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100257 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246441 
EFTA01394259

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394260.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394260.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce or eliminate certain of these taxes Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations.
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash drstnbution. To the extent that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle The tax consequences in the case of an alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100258 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246442 
EFTA01394260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394261.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100259 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246443 
EFTA01394261

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394262.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394262.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund flt LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100260 
SDNY_GM_00246444 
EFTA01394262

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394263.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394263.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition. holding and disposition of an Interest. including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other formality prescribed in such junsdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents. where such disclosure would violate the securities laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD. the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM is the Manager, itself an EU AIF M. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale. or invitation for subscription or purchase. of the Interests. shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European Economic Area that 
are 'professional investors". For these purposes, a -professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may. on request. be treated as a professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place (in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying as 'professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitejista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA). Accordingly, prospective investors should acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: 
anmpaperimarkkinalekr 
746/2012. as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the 'FIN-FSA") in accordance with the AMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities' as defined in the SMA. based on the exemptions set forth in the SMA. the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an investment firm (Fi: sijoituspelveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki. 747/2012. as amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as defined above in the LEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors' but not to 'private investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100261 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246445 
EFTA01394263

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394264.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394264.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Act (Kapdaten/apepesetzbuch)) 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that are professional investors (professionele 
beteggers) within the meaning of Article 1.1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). 
Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authonty). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made available. nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013. as amended 
(the 'AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ('FSMA'). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the 'Corporations Act"). My offer of the Interests does not purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a *wholesale client'. a 'sophisticated investor or a 'professional investor (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be. and is not required to be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made. and any financial services in connection with the interests will be provided. in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the Central Bank of Bahrain. 
This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain. the Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100262 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246446 
EFTA01394264

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394265.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394265.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comisseo de Valores Mobilierios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and. as such, it is not and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an 'Station or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular. notice or other materials issued in connection therewith. shall not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used by. the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales. and allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have not been delivered to. registered with. 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. the authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order. 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law. tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to Limited Partners purchasing. or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. My resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of Offshore Securities (el Registry de Va/ores 
Extrarryeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile. other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act Oa Ley del Mercado de Vebres) (an offer that is not 'addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests. whether by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC. and the Interests may not be offered, distributed or resold to the public in the PRC. or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC. without compliance with PRC law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public otter in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100263 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246447 
EFTA01394265

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394266.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394266.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (e/ Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (fa Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia. except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not financial products. (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (ii) do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. In addition. 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund. which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial Centre (the -DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the -DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the offering or the Interests have been approved. 
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, downent or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are Professional Clients' for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a mirimum subscription of at least USS50.000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a 'Retail Client' for the purposes of, and as defined in. the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100264 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246448 
EFTA01394266

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394267.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394267.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission) or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law. 1987. and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of pubic offer in the Bailiwick of Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to 'professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of. and the First Schedule to. the Israeli Securities Law. 1968. as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the 'Israeli Securities Law". 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the -Israel) Investment Advising Law). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests. a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax. financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to the legal, tax. financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the 'FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100265 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246449 
EFTA01394267

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394268.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394268.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2. paragraph 3. item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified institutional investor (a -011") as defined in article 2. 
paragraph 3. item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons other than (i) Oils or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law ('Qualified Non-011s"). 
The number of Qualified Non-Qlls In Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers article 234-2, paragraph 2. item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QV may be made to persons other than GUIs. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-OIl in Japan may be made except for the transfer by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors. etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-called, the "Oil-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan. this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited (-CSJL'), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum Is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests In Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted 
In accordance with Law No. 7 o12010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor (inversionista institutional) or a qualified investor 
(inversiontsta caliticado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley de/ Mercado de Valores) (the 
-Securities Market law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Cornish:in Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its regSations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100266 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246450 
EFTA01394268

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394269.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394269.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDLISI 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico. and any resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destineteire du present document reconnair avoir une parfaits maitrise de lenglais et renonce a tout recours Londe 
sur one mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any statutory modification or re•enactment of. or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) CFMC Act'). Accordingly: 
(i) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
(ii) 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in New Zealand other than 
'Wholesale investors' as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an Investment business": 
(b) 
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act 
(c) 
is large': or 
(d) 
is a government agency. 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the Interests. or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests. in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Oman securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2UU9) (the 'Executive Regulations"). The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman. the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman. nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive Regulations) and has such experience in business 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100267 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246451 
EFTA01394269

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394270.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394270.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
InversiOn y sus Sociedades Administradores or under Decreto Legislativo 861: Ley del Mercado de Vellums (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro POblico del Mercado de Va!ores) maintained by. and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valor's. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment kind or an attempt to do business, as a bank. an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved. registered or licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Sank. 
Recourse against the Fund. and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
My distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the -CMA'). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any pad of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase. whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 3O4 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the *SFA'), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100268 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246452 
EFTA01394270

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394271.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394271.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea. including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC') in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. and the Interests may not be offered. 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006. as amended (CISA-) and Article 6 of the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ('MG) (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ('FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents. Fund Documents and audited financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantons* de Geneve. 17 Quai de I'lle. CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
'Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is authorized to pass on distnbution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• 
distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• 
distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA. banks, insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• 
Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers exclusively through a written commission-
based investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Conliclenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100269 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246453 
EFTA01394271

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394272.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394272.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund to the investor requinng information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners (including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Nab Emirates (the 'UAE"). the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the 'SCA') or any other authority in the UAE (collectively, the *UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market. offer or sell the Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. The Interests may not be offered or sold 
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
0) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE: or 
(II) 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker. dealer or advisor under applicable laws of the UAE. and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. 
This Memorandum is for the information of prospective investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering. the Interests, the Fund and this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100270 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246454 
EFTA01394272

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394273.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394273.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or slate securities commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. My representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. 
The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100271 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246455 
EFTA01394273

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394274.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394274.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural person (e.g.. a body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below - (8) Notice to Investors that are Natural Persons - to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners. officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital. LLP assuming responsibility as the "data controller on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that is a non-natural person from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital. LLP (the 'Data Controller') will be the 'data controller for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controter may include name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, (i) in connection with applicable know your 
client,' anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services. LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc. will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share you' contact details with other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable to state at the outset how long that period 
will be: it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data: 
• 
obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the purposes for which your personal data 
is being used: (ii) the categories of your personal data being used: (iii) to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100272 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246456 
EFTA01394274

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394275.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394275.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the 1CO") or other supervisory authority: and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without undue delay. 
• 
have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was collected; (0) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
• 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital. LLP at 16 Berkeley Street. London. W1J 8OZ. 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: vhenv,IC0.org.uk.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100273 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246457 
EFTA01394275

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394276.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394276.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investors subscription for an Interest, and any funds received will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must. notwithstanding any obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply. report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the above personal or institutional information 
change. such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the benefit of. any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the -Sanction Regulations"). The Manager and its designee may undertake 
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. 
The Manager also may be required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations. the Manager may be obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100274 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246458 
EFTA01394276

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394277.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394277.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25°  Test 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations.
Administration 
Agreement 
The administrative services agreement to be entered into at or around the date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
Advance 
An amount equal to 9999% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund 
Advisers Act 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended 
AlFfilD 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/6I/EU) 
Alternative Vehicle 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the right in connection 
with any investment. to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited Partners to be made.
Benefit Plan Investor 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
BEPS 
Base erosion and profit shifting.
Brex it 
As defined in Section 7 Risk Factors 
Carried Interest 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs (Iii) and (iv) of 
the 'Distributions" paragraph of Section 6 Summary of Principal Terms and Conditions.
CFCs 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
CFTC 
The U.S Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Closing 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit additional 
Investors.
Code 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. 
Commitment 
A Limited Partners commitment to the Fund.
Complementary Fund 
A multiple third party investor fund with investment objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to specific asset 
categones or strategies 
Covered Person 
CPO 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them 
A 'commodity pool operator' for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3).
Data Cont roller 
Glendower Capital.
Conlidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100275 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246459 
EFTA01394277

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394278.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394278.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement 
The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
DOL 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
dollars, USS or $ 
U.S. dollars. 
DPI 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
ECI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. EFtISA and Tax Considerations. 
ERISA 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
EU AIF 
An 'alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. 
FFI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Final Admission Date 
The last date on which investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
First Closing 
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
FMV 
Fair Market Value. 
foreign passthru 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
FSMA 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100276 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246460 
EFTA01394278

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394279.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394279.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund Advisory 
The advisory committee. comprising representatives of certain Limited Partners, established 
Committee 
by the Fuld to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters 
Fund Documents 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect of the Fund.
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund.
Fund Secondary 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund. feeder fund or other similar structure) 
Fund Sponsor 
A general partner. manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
General Partner 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited. a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
General Partners 
Share 
The profit share distnbuted to the General Partner by the Fund 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower Capital. LLP. an English limited liability partnership.
Glendower 
Glendower SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1 Executive Summary. 
GP 
The general partner. manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying investment fund.
GP-led Secondary 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the secondary market 
Gross IRR 
Gross Internal Rate of Return 
Interest 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund.
Invested Capital 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee to be established by the Manager that. inter al's. will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund.
Investment Company 
The U.S Investment Company Act of 1940. as amended.
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund.
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
104 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100277 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246461 
EFTA01394279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394280.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the earliest to occur of 
(I) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities. or formally reserved for such purpose. and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date.
Investment Platforms 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates 
Investment 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date. an amount equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion 
Restriction Base 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date. an amount equal to the aggregate Commitments 
Investor 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund 
IRS 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service 
Kcy Persons 
Charles Smith. Carlo Rao-Birch. Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their replacements). 
LIBOR 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
Limited Partner 
A limited partner of the Fund 
LP 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Manager 
Glendower.
Managing Partners 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith 
Memorandum 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time.
NAV 
As defined in Appendix 5. Important Performance Information.
Net IRR 
Net Internal Rate of Return 
OECD 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 
Offshore Fund Rules 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9- Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
ConWeimar Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100278 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246462 
EFTA01394280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394281.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
QEF 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
RVPI 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Sanction Regulations 
Collectively UK sanctions. UN sanctions. EU sanctions. and/or U.S. sanctions administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
SEC 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Second GP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP). LLP, an English limited liability partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms end Corultions for the description of the limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Side Letter 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the General Partners 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors. 
SOF 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A. SOF B and SOF C). 
SOF A 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF B 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF C 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P.. a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF D 
OB Secondary Opportunities Fund D. L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF II 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
SOF III 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP, an English limited partnership. 
SOF IV or the Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP. 
SOF Business 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment program. 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
SOF. SOF O. SOF II and SOF Ill, collectively. 
Program 
SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
Special Limited 
Partner 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
106 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100279 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246463 
EFTA01394281

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394282.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394282.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First Closing. 
Partner 
Team Investment 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Total Value 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
U.S. 
The United States of America. 
U.S. Adviser 
Glendower Capital (U.S.). LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
U.S. IGA 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the U.S. 
UBTI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UK 
The United Kingdom. 
UK AIFM Regulation 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ER/SA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ESA and Tax Considerations. 
Valuation Committee 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
wlthholdabie 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERJSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100280 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246464 
EFTA01394282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394283.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital (*DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI. etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses 
Gross multiple Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ('Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value r NAV'): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying kinds. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): 
Net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ('Net IRK): calculated as a net return and is based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2O17), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-In Capital (RVPI-): Represents the value of the SOF Funds investors interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contnbutions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' tamed interest. 
management tees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-In Capital ("1VPIT TVPI = DPI « RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners. even in instances where a fund or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility (or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account to investors Therefore. if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings. which would shorten the time between such contribution and distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis. My benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or indirect private equity strategies (each, an 'Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100281 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248465 
EFTA01394283

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394284.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394284.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS12S OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds: (ii) the performance information respect of each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited (DAAM(G)L') and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, including. 
but not limited to. the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204.2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted. the performance information contained in this Memorandum is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30. 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
Except where designated as -net.' the projected returns and financial information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including (without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain 'forward-looking statements.' These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to. the plans, projections, objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things. global. political, economic, business. 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100282 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248488 
EFTA01394284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394285.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100283 
SDNY_GM_00246467 
EFTA01394285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394286.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund rV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP 
Special 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Auditors to the 
Any of 
Counsel to the 
Gresham Street 
General Partner 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
General 
London, EC2V 7NO 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Partner and 
Tohmatsu. KPMG or 
the Manager 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
(UK) Limited 
Global 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Regional Placement 
Raymond James & 
Placement 
Management Limited 
Agents 
Associates, Inc. 
Agent 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100284 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246468 
EFTA01394286

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394287.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394287.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Nan is also a director of Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ('Circumference"). 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds. private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships. 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Flonda State University and received his Certified Public Accountant certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
KIrsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she joined Circumference in 2007. where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland. the UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance. compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S.. European and Asian firms. Prior to becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.). 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100285 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245489 
EFTA01394287

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394288.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394288.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Mur h 
Email: 
Europe. MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8D2 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio•8iro1i 
Email: 
Confidential Private Pbcoment Memorandum 
113 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100286 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246470 
EFTA01394288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394289.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100287 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246471 
EFTA01394289

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394290.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394290.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund') and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
-Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and each an "Access Fund') 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests"). The Solicitation Agent is not affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in the Access Fund a one-time 
- Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment are as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement Fcc Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
1.00% 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
1.50% 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a -Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100288 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246472 
EFTA01394290

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394291.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394291.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Date 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100290 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246474 
EFTA01394291

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394292.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394292.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS129 OF Enterprises 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100291 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246475 
EFTA01394292

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394293.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394293.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
do Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this -Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terns used, but not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall bc, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership (a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read and understands the terms, 
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that arc applicable to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
1. 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CON f7DENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100293 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248477 
EFTA01394293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394294.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership. is greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, 
warrants and covenants to. and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner, as of the date hereof. 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. 
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Qpportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from them 
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that all such questions. if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been found to be fully satisfactory. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100294 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246478 
EFTA01394294

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394295.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394295.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as pennitted by law, including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by 'benefit plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws of descent and dissolution) of the 
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in Rule 50I(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C. as applicable and (B) is a U.S. Tax Person) and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen or resident of the United States. a U.S. domestic corporation or 
othen‘ise subject to U.S. federal income taxon a net income basis with resped to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership. an Interest 
held by (0 a partnership or entity treated as paiinaship few U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the nwaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. (a "PFIC") will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equityboiders. as the case may be. An interest held by any oorporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, measured by value. In addition. a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be Waled as the beneficial owner of the taida4ing Interest. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEAMAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100295 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246479 
EFTA01394295

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394296.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394296.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an -investment company" as the 
term - investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the - Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a "qualified purchaser-  as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act. In furtherance thereof, the Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) 
Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner, (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchase?' and a "qualified client" under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act (vii) the Investor will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100296 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246480 
EFTA01394296

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394297.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394297.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterpnses 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with respect thereto, pursuant to which thc 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in thc Partnership). are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of the representations set forth 
therein and such representations are true and correct in all respects. 
(i) 
No Need for Liquidity. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection with 
its purchase of the Interest. and is able to bear thc risk of loss of its entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to. all similar im esunents that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received thc Offering Materials and first learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with thc offer and sale of thc Interest, including 
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon thc offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) 
Commodity Exchange Ad. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on the CFTC Rule 
4.13(aX3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(aX5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(aX8) from registration with the CFTC as a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) 
Certain Itc(iii Won NI alters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100297 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246481 
EFTA01394297

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394298.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394298.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(I) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event specified in 
Rule 506(d)(I) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the 
Partnership's. the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
(3) 
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(p) 
Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby. have been duly executed by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in. or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3. a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if. for among other reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100298 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248482 
EFTA01394298

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394299.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394299.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate arc not material to the Investor or which arc contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, as the case may be. and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) 
ICnowledee and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership. such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
is not a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, (ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1Xii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section I.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2Xi) (a 
'Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100299 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246483 
EFTA01394299

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394300.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394300.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes: or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in the 
Partnership. 
(u) 
No Borrowints. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. 
Thc Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership. Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. Thc Investor understands and acknowledges that the Investor should consult its own 
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlicb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person. it acknowledges receipt of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners. as well as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary• to effect, administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100300 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248484 
EFTA01394300

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394301.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394301.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Partnership and its partners' sights and obligations, or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) 
Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to detemline the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement. in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to lime in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) 
No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor acknowledges 
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media (including any intemet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other applicable laws conceming money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial interest in the Interest, (v) and any 
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, "Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Part• or any other person or entity of whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100301 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248485 
EFTA01394301

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394302.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394302.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as non-
cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member, (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury• Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury• under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory•, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
a senior foreign political figures or any immediate family' or close 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
(D) 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or tomer senior official in the executive, legislative. 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign govenunent-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by. or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100302 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464343 
EFTA01394302

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394303.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394303.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership w ill be used to finance any such unlawful activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Anti-
Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary• or convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROMETARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100303 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00246487 
EFTA01394303

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394304.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394304.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) 
Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager and made known to the 
Investor: 
vi _ that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to (A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law provided that (x) in the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation. their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the Investor provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) 
FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason. whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the "Freedom of Information 
Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person are sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100304 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00248488 
EFTA01394304

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394305.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394305.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee. fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) 
Underlvinz Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such documents, including. without 
limitation. the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective affiliates. 
(cc) 
Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity. agree. represent. warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100305 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246489 
EFTA01394305

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394306.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394306.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital Securities, LLC 
(collectively. "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests (including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary arc capable of evaluating investment risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
(5) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100306 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246480 
EFTA01394306

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394307.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394307.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with applicable 
fiduciary, responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
(10) 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer. member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity• to discuss the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership, and the structure and operation of the Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets-; (c) an investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (I) of Section 203A of such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State (referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act 
PROPRWARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100307 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246491 
EFTA01394307

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394308.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394308.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause (e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest; 
(16) 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary; 
(17) 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised that 
authority exclusively; 
(18) 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the General 
Partner; 
(19) 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
(20) 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1XA)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 2510.3-
21(g)(5)) of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor Fiduciary is not 
PROP:UE-14El AND CONF1DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100308 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246492 
EFTA01394308

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394309.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394309.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents. warrants and covenants that on each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general account arc 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)( I )(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(e)( I )(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement. each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of Tide I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in writing; 
and 
(26) 
The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ft) 
Non-U.S. Emnlovee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100309 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246493 
EFTA01394309

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394310.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394310.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate purchases front the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. 
The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(d) 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100310 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248494 
EFTA01394310

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394311.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394311.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
6. 
Power of Attorne 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager, as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the "Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; (iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (I) is a special power of attorney deemed coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or 
trust and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney. this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of the Partnership's affairs. 
7. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
8. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. 
The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted in writing and, if necessary•, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100311 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246495 
EFTA01394311

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394312.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394312.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. 
Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory (including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. 
The Investor further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably necessary to comply with the 
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant to a letter of authorization: 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership. the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability (a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100312 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246496 
EFTA01394312

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394313.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394313.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or (b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-
8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) (collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information - Common Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation. regulation or guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-I. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-I 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) 
Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of Schedule 
K-I, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the Partnership. and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and deliver), of such Schedule K-I. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-Is only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-I required to be furnished to the Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100313 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248497 
EFTA01394313

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394314.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394314.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26" Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal takes effect. 
(c) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
(d) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) 
Access to the into:met, an c-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. 
General. 
This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforeeability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any ogler jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives. 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action. 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100314 
SDNY GM_00246498 
EFTA01394314

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394315.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394315.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific infonnation relating to the fees in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to my advisor 
%. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed:  
Date: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: $ 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100315 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246499 
EFTA01394315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394316.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100316 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246500 
EFTA01394316

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394317.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394317.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterpnses 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled "For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities-. as applicable. 
I ant investing as an: 
K 
Individual 
K 
Entity 
I am an Intik 
m Entity that is a U.S. Person': K Yes K No 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Individual: 
Type of Entity: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Domicile: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Birth: 
 Date of Formation: 
Telephone No: 
Telephone No:  
Email Address: 
Email 
Address: 
For definition of "U.S. Person'. please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONF7DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100317 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246501 
EFTA01394317

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394318.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394318.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
retired, self-employed): 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
Employer (if applicable): 
FOIA Partners 
Yes 
No 
Occupation: 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term "FOI A Panner" 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100318 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246502 
EFTA01394318

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394319.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394319.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partners entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100319 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246503 
EFTA01394319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394320.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Codc (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable):  
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable):  
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in the Partnership: 
K 
Salary 
K 
Savings 
K 
Inheritance 
K 
Gift 
K 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
K 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100320 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246504 
EFTA01394320

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394321.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394321.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the Partnership. 
My Advisor is: 
Name of Firm: 
Name of Representative: 
Email address of Representative: 
K 
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
K Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
K No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100321 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00248505 
EFTA01394321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394322.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100322 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246506 
EFTA01394322

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394323.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394323.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's primary residence): 
D 
Less than $500,000 
O 
$500,000 - $999,999 
O 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
D 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
O 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
2017 Income: 
O 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$199,999 or less 
O 
$200,000-$299,999 
O 
$200,000-$299,999 
O 
$300,000-$499,999 
O 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
O 
Individually 
K 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth: 
D 
Less than $5,000,000 
O 
$5,000,000 - $ I 0.000,000 
O 
More than $ I 0,000,000 
For definition of "invesunents." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
B-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100323 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246507 
EFTA01394323

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394324.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394324.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
4. 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan Investor"): 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership arc the assets of a plan. individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
o 
Less than 25% and the percentage is 
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is 
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA. (B) an insurance company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Tide I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1XA) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
5. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner immediately. 
PROPRfETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100324 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246508 
EFTA01394324

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394325.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394325.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
K 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a Maccarhusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(eX3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000.000. 
K 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as 
described in Rule 506(bX2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
K 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act: 
K 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5XA) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary• capacity (this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the Partnership). 
K 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
K 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
K 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
K 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
K 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any 
private 
business 
development 
company 
as 
defined 
in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
K 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100325 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246509 
EFTA01394325

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394326.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394326.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100326 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246510 
EFTA01394326

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394327.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394327.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Exhibit I) 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(aX51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act as a result of 
(I) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a company' that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons. the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
O 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than ¶25,000.000 in -investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each senior or other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in Item 
I or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth not less than $5,000,000. 
K 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of 
Rule I44A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation. partnership, association. 
joint stock company. trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the Investor 
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper). determined in accordance with Section 3(cXIXA) on the 
Investment Company Act. that acquired such secunties on or before April 30.19% (as "pm-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other thin short-team paper) of 
any excepted investment company that. directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company. have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
D-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100327 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246511 
EFTA01394327

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394328.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394328.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
K 
(5) 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
B. 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other organization, 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 3(eX1) and 
Section 3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(2) 
Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(3) 
Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the Partnership. the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-
participation in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(5) 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the purposes of the 
preceding sentence, -recapitalized" includes. without limitation, new investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100328 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246512 
EFTA01394328

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394329.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394329.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C. 
(i) 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) am entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the control rights of the Investor? 
O Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
K Yes* 
K No 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
K Yes• 
K No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," please complete the 
following chart. 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
If the Investor or My 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or. if there is insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100329 
SDNY GM_00246513 
EFTA01394329

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394330.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394330.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who arc "Plan Investors": (1) U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets (such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(eX I) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, 
THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behal f of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the Ades and policies governing the sponsoring 
church. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
E-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100330 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246514 
EFTA01394330

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394331.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394331.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
5. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered 'Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership. nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; 
and 
(c) The tenns of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100331 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246515 
EFTA01394331

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394332.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394332.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 (`•Regulation Ir) adopted by the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment program. we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of stock to our investors) on a -need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service providers, or others. such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor Relations at 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100332 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246516 
EFTA01394332

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394333.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394333.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
DEMOCRATIZING
I
E
NETWORK 
INVESTMENTS 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (US), L.P. 
v` a' Cain
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
GENERA' PAPTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLG 
ItiVESTIAENT 
NA.WP 
Capital Advisors. ILC 
STRUCTURE 
Delon* LinItied Partnership 
STRArErok' 
The Access Fund wil nest 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM GOMI-111 ME r 1 t 
$250.000 
tanbally eV of its *wettable ra-tetS into the 
EI.IND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence Mrough the one-year arnweesary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fc
 (and accordingly. shall extend 
&Somatically upon the extension of the Underlying Funds term). with two 
additions! one year optional extension periods at the discretion of as Generic 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days notice 
Rr Pcti:rINKI 
Oserterly reports. capital account statements and year-end auckted (vandal 
statement?. 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 200% Payable to OBSI a an affiliate thereof' 
MANAGEMEFIT FEE 
<$3 Mit 
1.00% 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Miles 
0.25% 
075% 
I 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTERE:S 
No additional caned interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SLIRSEe,)UENT CI. ()SING FEE 
f 
FIRST Cl On( 
Same as the Underlying Fund. including Min:Mx:Dom nada by corder investors 
for fees and expense?. of the Feeder 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
G€NERAL.. PARTNER 
Glendower Capital UP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF N (GP) Limited 
St PUG LURE 
Engish Private Fund Limited Partneeshp 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary men et global,
NUIIMUM COMM! T MEM 
$5 million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Uisdedymg Fuld's Fos& Actnsvon Date plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions we at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
CA1)1 1 Al..
S 
For the p.eposes of *axing investments and/or paying expenses: generally iron 
tit railetS days prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERK>D 
Four years from the Underlying Fund:: Fxnnl Adm.v,:on Date 
REPORTING 
Audited anaual accounts as wed as irais.itittd Quarterly fraraCial `statements 
(2nd and 3rd Quarters only) and unaudited Quarterly capital &COW,: Statements 
mA 1A6 EME NT FEE. 
Net of 15 basis pined discount egairar Underlying Fund fees reserved for Actep 
fund onfr 
1:VECit,•IENT (Erk:0 
1.10% of Ccamited Cennal' 
Two 'YEARS AFT ER THE P40 OE Tr, E IINi S 
ENT ;.e:PuZ,D 
095% of Wasted Capital' 
THEPEAFTE.R THROUGH THE ENO OF ME Euro ?EON 
The greater of 90% of previous yew and 0 25% of Invested Coate 
CARRIED :NTE!RE.£-T 
12.50%afteren800%preforred rower witha100%0P oftch-up and full CIW/bda 
SUBSECeUENT CLOSII IG FEE OF NOT FIRST' CLOSE) 
Monet of (a) Date-Month USD LIBOR ph.ts 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
'Nen, AU.M4 FJNI Idµ r..' rename 
Fie SA 
N1SULet*, ma WS. sat S.SW.xa t.tStOsi M tha tjiMaelsyi Stsd, 
iii rAxmeheon•nntsnao raran ra to motorail.* tin bran oroaltal ,o en, Ise rera, firSUCO* pogynes 
rroly rent* Owed earls Ste SO', :Pp n tip inninded rimsirat aal rimy net c• 
rated once. ei Ire Iran re Ira* mx x it-marmot trate or tea, .wfer "'tetra e saitcittice. of en rats team rev sweeties Ce 'I-twists-set smooch rawest L. reran .t raves ',Mato of cora* 
sit hu tecoMati Incoota mows MM. era. So MSS SOIL:art o r CterieiSti peivw ram.y..#-± ow.)..uandtan s-vs the :Cf..-tc•Sta: -W4g6ri 
Saturnus wteh sea to/histiara, to 
tattooists*" vreelte'S Of. A coredratal tamvl Mitt *Weft revs) Inttlgtiff lilltrynejbon egw.rne.9 
woo Er.'Ssrk.%i yealy....Ss.. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100333 
SDNY GM_00246517 
EFTA01394333

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394334.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394334.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPOR I UNI I IES IV (U.S.). LP 
_t 
END NOTES 
Note: Investors In the Access Fund will no subject to fees, expenses and pertoimeace compensation of the Underlying Fund In addition to the Access Fund Fee and Access 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the thaderlyIng Find as a result of the fees end expenses associated with an investment in 
the Access Fund. OSS' will receive an additional fee, directly or indirectly from the Undetlying Fund (or it.; affiliates thereof).
Find AUrniSWOI, Ds* Shah mean the ;east day ol the toliteentn calendar month folownwe the month et winch tne Inuit Closing actin 
Or ',At, tub. date as cseieipl,ned ty; 
the Genesel Peeler eneCOriferveif 
IN 
COaehatet 
DieSI n it, sole die:tens 
reserves the right to wens all or any portion of trer Placement Fag bergabkr by any portico's' L insted Partner 
The Accts. Fund Management Fee will be stn between Capital Advisers end OFS:d. with n substantial portion rebated to DDS] Pease lee the Private Rayner* 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for baths infoirrrecin 
4, 
Cessation basis • Limited Partners capital commitment. 
5. 
Ceerilirier basis = tisestild Capital es fully define; in the Unite:lying Fuel LPA (frenh«ly. Invested Capital at the bride-flying Fund is the ancont of beiCel invested in 
investments ond the
 ,,rdicilshl crlegetkons reasonably reserrr for such Investments ) 
Investors making e toisscription equal so or greate,  then 45 million her> the option 
ineeStin.2 dereCtly an.: the Unclerbre Fund at the Underlying Fteefs discreakån any 
defect tnwistors will ilt neotine the IS bin a.scakin: against management feat from trio Unclatlying Fund investors who inset direciiy into the Underlying Fond will rot be 
pike: t W ACClea. Find expenses. 
Ilda. DBsi cco eats as pie:scent .e~ 
.or 
lirsierlying Fin -land 
receive related ms kitting fees Please see tic Private Pacernent Memoir-dish of the ',crass Pura bp 
tinter informants, Neither Glen:laser Capital, LIP nor i Capital Att.». s r Ill: am :abated Witt Dgftl. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
i ha ''.% matuer cordoned harem (the 'Parentstran") ia fot irdismetenel and chwinr:bn burl:Now. oral and is not. and may not be mired on in any rietcrier as. NW!. tar or 
nyestment acts e, only recommendation oi opinion regardrsg the eolPeten ntknien 
kuPdPkT1 or any investment or seater'. or es an off« to sell or is sakcibstion of an offer 
to boy ea abt , att =1 iRendower Capital :Seconds. y CropettisseteS Furd 
U' (tic "Itniestylrg Purr" 
Clitrekiveei XiSeki Secondary rootrucirre 
I W (AS). LP (Pr 'earl 
Fund'). A. Private offering ar eVereg.ta in the Access Fund twit be made ally butPrnt 1:0 tall Access Funds antrate Piercentent MtmoiarduM (the -Offering Mennorandum"). when 
wdl be forumet onn: tO ~ad 
peOSS)9Ctrn ::neosår on a <MO.:kraal basis. The Presentation is creak/led in res entirety by :ale:~ 
to The Offering Igemorschen, when 
contains mere <Stalks: riot fIlrref. ebout the Access Fiscrs /Averment chalet's. reim: ed malaise 
and Abu contains tax information and ink du:Crum. that are resonant 
to any a:elan -pent deC131Or, teem ding the Access F-sd. le person hiss been autherired to wete amt sitaterest concerning the Access Fbed other then ss set forth in SeOfferinj 
ekrnOcendurn ere env such statements. if made, ma, not te teled upon. The inIcanation contained herein must be kept strictly confrentbs end rise/ not be recnoeuced Or 
Peden iboted in sty format without the aborovel of the iienetel reins« of the Access Pad sid the ~rat 
Patine of tee Mivn 
 Fur. 
Tic Prsentation. other tien the descriotica of the 
Fund Tarns. wen not created for the Access Fond zni does rot senate 
s, investment in the Access Fund There 
are rip octant differences between the Access Fund and the Under lyin0 Fu ne described et the Presenter:Jon. An er estment et the Access Fire is not natal,* for at 'rasters. 
Pro ant i rya inwte ken ~al 
De aurai. :het investing in the Axe is Fuld sn.>3.4s a nigh :M gt« Of Mk. Tiare Can be ndaSShiante :NM tet 1-am; Fund o 
he Underlying Fugl 
will aChortwi triad imaStrnent ohinrs 
or that investors will recessi a return on thee ceoitS The pond:arty of partia' Jt toral lots of Crick,' Will exist and niospactria investors 
most be onstxred to hear capitd lasses that may resit from innestmeras. triers ova be restrictions on tranzfeinno interests ir. the Access Pund. investments may beine aged 
and the reenters. 
ixidetinence may be venetile. tbeime disding to snow in the eater 
Fund. Prospers:
, anterior exe-rd sad the Oflei ing !Cirri 4,1CUM end icy patteilen 
attention to tnt Ric,. Pamir contained teten 
The fees and etoentel charpod in an u,esbnenlin the Access Fund may be Inner Otanrbt let and expenses of other insestment 
SternalNes end may offset profits 
Botn the Access Fund sal the ~lying 
Ftld impose aditeraStiatne Ce rea~lent 
fees. custocbal wee:rang tent orb° service fees. 
onaarnwire Ma caw:nit erd Other. *N5enSce !net oat Mara IVainiS kn nips trodd 'flit the financial abtiaw and raFfingorit: to accept tnt ilk chili...relishes of Wig Accbt; 
Funds triyestments. Potential conftcts of intern: may arise biter>«, the Genial Peal* , ad thy Emoted Parrott lo ch conflicts ol intern: are Cio cr.wl flere filly ril Ire 
Offering fauna anar.rn 
In centelsing sly performanoe data can enmei ir. the artilmbItian. yau should tear n mind Met pest or targeted ihtikyrnance 5 no: indicative Ol firt‘rO nisatS and I tare than 
esi no enmatte 
tot the limas: Fund rn the kirclerying Fund will EktnICVII compriable results. Prospective investors should also boar n mind that past or targeted arefelio 
characteristics se not rovlisa 
cd Iutt.e hOttfoli0 charaCtCiStka end here ca 1 be )o ass:Jena that sty had will have combetable codford character Fitts cr that ta Jet 
pa: trek.) idvtrnatistii:s will be achieved The Vain Of errall, ~. 
Car, .2.3 dawn 
hrt additun. there <on b%10) atitaaixti thee tnt Seed 
iNesties«.s vat bit reS zed 
ar the geoiyationG shown a;  rictus realdens returns will 600n/ICI On among other factor. rub", operating results, the value of the Mats and mad« conosins at tn.) nme of 
disposition. any *mod irnstaction costs. and the tinting ord manner of into. al of wlach mod be oiffeeit from tre ityry-.~ns 
ni wittch the Yak:anent contained twain eie 
Dated IRlir bene noe one 'gross" babe do not reflect eny mrespernes lens. col Wad Inleier.l. rases and Slocaliki expanses bans by reterces. whirl, in the aggregate may be 
%An! ants; lb,stlorb, actual iserk,rwet 
of the Underlylioe Fund after ~ixtico 
of such fees end essences wesid be lower then !het —sou acre:misc.. reflected in this 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100334 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246518 
EFTA01394334

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394335.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394335.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY ()WORT UNI 11ES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presersestem Further. :Ma 
in the Atoms Fund we, expo recce IC,Ver fetter+, nen nelson cisernittenu Orem!, to the Underlying Fins as a result of the es:titer-HI fees and 
co panses assocWecl wen an investment in tre Access Find riot tire conteree neren Mould be deemed to le oreectice or I:reject:xi of future polcernente of the Underlying 
Fund or the Acorn Fund 
NOTE: Historical returns presented hmen do nod include any fees and °menses that would be aesSOCHtee withal investment in the Aeons Fund. which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an Investor 
Bench-harks are financial irssices are shown Ior F;ttrath* outisoles only aril ate urovisksd for the our pose of making enteral market data available as a noire of rolererce oriv. 
sme teeneeireysi art f wg,tx 
may hot Ps 0,1,444 tar 4: eel eiyesueee. may be unmanaged. mourn Helve Amen! of trna)ine. C.) not reflect the impact of any ;retire 
ccenmssens and enstn. management Cw peen). n nice Inn. and have limAntons %Men used for comparison or other ragilO5/1 because they, among cern. reascos may hove 
diffirerc tredve strategy. waSetnly cremator c11
 materiel dierecteirstios 
resainentatice is made tnst ai banchrisark or eclea nen eeproonste retain 
for comµeisrr  .
Akeoriative investments often ye scrocidatne ed irclurty a Men degree of rut imeston could Ease all or e substantial amount of their investment Affair:Ore miestments are 
datable orgy for depot:. sare-MIIIIImotstots who we willing to forgo haughty axe ran capital ce risk ter an exlelinim oar' xt of rime They may be higny 'Mudd and can neap: in 
Ott xie and other spetverthe DiaCtiCeS that ray increase the VCCobi:ty and ':5? 
?MS. fatarlataart worestmene tycocally hem tt
ner fees then &Stone inn-unmet. Invest," 
dryad carefully nouns ant consider DOteriaal rdks before inve5ting Contain ot Mete nil's may include but are rat Ihmhted to 
• Lost of near I.itStanbal Dorton of the award moil can to iihnknging_ SPOlt-lelling, or odor speculative. tuxtrots, 
• 
Lack of liquety 
that there may bents secondary menet for a fund 
• 
Volatility anthem 
• 
Restrictions cn tiansferme inteette es a lug 
• 
Potential led( fA dirersiliCatkan and retorting nurser nsk (kin to Oorcenbert on of :feeding Outlet*/ 
wren a sung? enf•naa is inlet; 
AbseaCe O4 infnmerunn *WOWS 
ValiatiOn. int poCing: 
• 
Corresio tar structure-sand detays in ten mooning: 
• 
Less resmiaticH and !with, fees than mutual funds: end 
• R sks associated wen I he operations. part meet sot proem: is of the mere!. 
Purchaser: of interests will be linseed pettier: in the Access Fund and will not be limited partner: of the Uncentre Fund will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund will 
new no ‘.oting rights:es the Unbar vying Fundect wig rove no st sr rgc itahele ejahlt tre tknierlying Fund or Mee:mineral Polon or Manager of tne Underlying Rothe their 
micective off Reis. directors members, Panoi05. shareholckes or employe%.agWdsCr affiliates to are officio. arectOt member, seetnen stsettolden fenagree w agent of any 
sigh athlete) In. offering of tow's.. n not eta slimed not be considered an off (*nog of loomed swum inetersis in inn Uncle, tang Furwi. Yor comer. none of the Aness Fund. 
the General Partner of the Access Fund Or any of tree respective affiliates ties 114 tight to participate in the control, management Cr our merit of the Unlettered Ford co haS 
ar t  Cbswle:nn eve tha nuesewnent ist vie ord.:mon; gird eon-. the Access Fund art Pe Unclelying Funo Impose administrate, or monegarrent veer. cust,x1,,si te:,th,flong 
endother senba fors, performance allocabans and otter reponse, that will reduce returns. Returns to Misted petters o the Access Fund will be ewer than 0,74.11 ton a . ,TC.t 
nennitnt in the Undo: li ne Fund. !Copt& Advisors. LLE. a nouchoy of institutional Caortel Network kx. ;ti/bia iCaptai Network), is an insostnent Sever registered with 
tr. US. Senior it; and Excleree CorniTtS Oh ('SEC') The regi grabens and a'acahkishioi alums M no way imply Mat the SEC lel endow: r he *Men. ceocce s Jr I erten; 
discussed Wein Acklitmeol Information H availaole upon request 
iCapital 
7C;1(121'. 
212 .?;14 
tttatcapitalnetyrtur kLutri 
I etwvacapittilitetntek.SOen 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100335 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246519 
EFTA01394335

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394336.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394336.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 1P1 ("S0F IV" or the "Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management in August 2017 
• fully owned by its partners who worked together for IS years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and offices in London arc New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strung IN, yout•like performance with an attractive risk profile. earn/ cash flows, arw negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.Sx TVPI and 23% Net IRIV 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally C iversif led portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-let transactions anc 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-cepth fundamental analysis as opposec to creel structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior lunc 
Strong and consistent track record2
lurd 
vnaee 
foevotopmenesce5r, 
k,rdue
• 'hereafter greater of 90% of 
icor-awn. %No% werpson't 
2111541:,774 
1128/193 
29/75/737 
15/:49/2%37 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Net roultyle (TWO 
184 
3x 
15o 
13x 
5. 
Invested Capital 
Net ilsolbuteel(DPII 
lax 
Ix 
1.h 
0.34 
09' 
Carried Interest: 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
Jos 
23% 
12.5% or a whole fund basis 
Peak re: cartnb.tM caprvl 
76% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
Hurdle rate: 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performancew 
vscm. 
nu, twt IRRN)Irioec pa Orel 
SA.(3.;:e. y h,WS Net riultik to %%WC wines' 
SOF 
2006 
froretscro 
US$565r 
SCf 0' 
2010 
Mann:AGO 
US$14/n 
Sc. 
2011 
(inolverg) 
OS$614m 
SC4111 
las! 
7014 
frarrystor) 
1451.654r 
t/S$2.4SCr,
Fund key terrnslo 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years frog, final closing 
Term: 
years t extensions (5xlyear( 
Structure: 
English I.
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of cor rnitrrert:s during 
Investment Period 
• 1.00% pa. of Invested Capital1l in 
the following two years 
Oa 
t. 
a 
:4 
1014 
n4P•14i 
1.041 
Mn•lf 
Woo 
1-.14 
01•6). 
1 ll 1111 
7?pi:; cf,x.;rrtorit. rt,g, roiy,te rOi...reo rCMtr,,rto: Mvest,;+: 
Qui26(..:d f :in:1;43On Th,s 
;zr.‘,) • 
-1.0: eije, LI* :aro 
s;:f 
.; 
NOS.: I.I.1t4f.of
ogIf 
1.,!` p 3 ji>. .:Ift".!•-r inn :rd...corr.:4.V; Post peffbnnara b not an 
it rlu.~~7iKM Or' fiirliGrite of (utter rt! ,:tr:, 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
Contacts: 
Ca n° Pirzio-6roli 
Managirp, Partner & CEO 
Charles Smih 
Managing Partner & CIO 
lost ua C G aser 
Partner, Chent Relations 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100336 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246520 
EFTA01394336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394337.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy" 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries. the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondanes, and incluCe spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset heLicaLions, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the time of the originalacquisition, or later from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections(58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(43% of transactions since inception) 
Identify kw compegthe dials 
• ti5$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n turd ponfolos 
• Mod sue USS103-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• sledging to mitigate SO.60%of currency 
volatihty 
• Portfolio diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursue a Swain true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorys large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in .depth fundamental 
anSysisys dealstructuring 
Buy man.n else*, 
Purchased 3S0• mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average 20% discounttor MY 
• hemp -1O%funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 2003" 
• 
23-strong team expected to grow to 26-23 by IHIS 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Managing Partner, CEO— London 
Deutsche Bank; CO8 Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdny Davies 
Parther, COO —London 
Deutsche Bank; ABNAmra; 
KPMG 
• 
Relevant Years of experience 
Charles Smith 
 as.
717 
Managing Partner, OO—London 
Deutsche Bank; Bunkers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Ada m Graev 
0' 
Partner —Newyork 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; ChotterferfSoros; Cowen 
Joshua Glaser 
Nabs 0lmos 
a0
Or 
Partner, Meet avenge— New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capita; OBC Oppenheimer 
Managing Director- London 
AD1A; (MS; Deutsche Bonk; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
O 
I 
tr 
Partner —London 
Deutsche Bonk 
I
Francesco Riga montl 
O 4 1 
StriorAdvisor— London 
Deutsche Bonk; Golfo & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246521 
DB-SDNY-0 100337 
EFTA01394337

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394338.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394338.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Endenotes 
(.0 Glendower Capita; Secondary 4iporturrities Fun.] hi. LP. rs7JF he or the 'Fund.) is being forme:: by .31+r:rower Capital LIP eGiereicieri., an ape..kited 
rem efemotive of Miratiella Advisers LIP, which is authorised and regulated by the United: king0tunrinarai4lConceetAt:tivirity 
(M Mature funds iiiciudir
.
 sor.SOF D anc >OF le °reran $01 Pie:yarn sr:Ch.C‘r; sort, SOF Q, SOV it an, SOF iti Perforn terse* figure; hare been calcuiatee baser; 
or. the unaudited perttxmars:e results or sor. SOF D, SOF Ir inc 50r HI as of September 
201.7 and should he read arc renewed in o.:ajunotIon with 
the irrird.ortara. Infonnation" arc 'Notes to inve,,Mient Perform:once Infornehon- s(:::.faan.s of this. i:Saaneril_ GI,x:s more are gros: of fern:, eafrenses 
am terrier, interest. Net performance retie:Ls arn:::::nts net Cr expenS4C., tees snø carries interest. Past performance is rot a (.11tieeliOll of tror future 
pelornwice of $OF. SOV O. SOF 
SOF iii bold: ini.luder, to dernoratrate the trast rettet of the Glen:Ante Team :one tirre can be rma13:.~1:":: that. 
SOF ri will a:Newton:parable resgts, 
(.:1) sor 0 b 
roderrominatec Ft re Convener...It the Secterramr ;XL 2017 fil.laluSta rate of 1.182;:, 
(4) het, SOT ail $OF D art el:rested in the Daiiiro Pir Sale —a well dieersifier: portfolio Or 28 private ecuite funds porchased through an WV, provenly 
enemure to buyout, special situations. 
rr capita( and rtx.rl estate strateAe.' ei North Autka. Europe an:; Asia- The .gin er of lure,. and corm:Imes 
is a best estIn'ate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing :mid may induce some double counting. 
(S) Source: Cambridge Asscciates Seconnars PenchtnaN st*ti:xles 
ci September 30, a 417 basin, on data dorripl
- from 140 ~Mar, funds with a 
minina.ni of Shire.: per year, including lolly licuicatec partner; hire, formed between 2044 and 414 Each SOF lund r,. strewn benchmarked against their 
leSee:rne s'intaliefler group. TG's infe/rnatir+n reflects a doMPansOn of tor, SOF 
Hand sor 
agairea one tmr.cbreart. cos.; duartiles 
nay eller when compared to other berichmarking sources $OF. 501 D, SOF It and SOF ill cat-4 b rot included in the data set used to calculate the 
rit"-ehrnarkelata. 
(6) 
information presented in this chart is baser; or; the unauciteri results of SOF, SOF D, SOr H ant; y8 ill as dif September 30. 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunaion *eh the "irn_port it lniermation- and "Motet: to investment Performance intorrri
rdn. sect ions et this doo.ment 
(n Past Pertorrnance Is NH a fireeCtIce et the future pert:cm:woe of ;,OF. SOT 0, SOV II or SOF Ill but i:: inc.iunee in demonstrate the pact, recore ot the 
Glendower feapl. 
(a) Internal rates of relt.rna are net of fees, eApenses and cameo interest.. Cambridge Asa1Ciales research slums that most fixes take at least six years b) 
selde into thee final quartile neking ard PreviouS to this settlirg they typk:ally rant in nether ccartiles, therefore ()Ad or tieridiMark per lorniar.e.e 
metrics from more recent veitau: years may be less meaningful. Median is the nix: Gle fund Ilte of the group of individual lund (lifts included In a vintage 
y. 
fur::). Upper: lower -.nail. are the threshold: tor the cpc.#r (tee ≥S%) are., toper ticItorn Sko e,arnies tosett on the _:dis dual 
RR: included in a vintage year are aret see in c cop:riche:my:Ph the median to determine r4i,artile placement 0/1:rarneniB fLilr;sl 
at.9.1 
PP! 
001/3.0:1:404: V, Paidan Capeat P.VN = Residual Valte lo Paid-in Capital: PiPiir Total Value (0 
cac4nfil. r:pE, aVPE and pre are owlet; return 
agveliacin« all cash (lows arc eid tnt NAVs in a :amp(- in calculate e ci.auir.weighted r.,c n 
read the confceritbl private placement merncianum Ct the [err:: 
-Mernc:rarcurn, for the tull in:Satre of rut ractets.contle:ts of intererc 
cornek)te terms. arc regulatory and tax coreaderatiorn• of the Fund For limber tindlosure ol fees, such as fees and eapenses paid by the Fun°, please 
retry ix the Mernerandurd, the amerce.: and restated limited partnership agreement are the deed of adherence of the 
ME itch ci.:-:urnents ate in 
the proses:: of being prepared alt. will be mase available to pre :I/el:Uwe investors tipol: renurt. 
innested Capital 6 the amount of capital eveste., o irwertrnents arc the rernaineig unfunded obi:gat:cm reasonabl7, le-served t', Glen,. .,:yer Irr 
invest scent:: 
(1'1 is of fareatemteT At 20%7. Thpre can b.: rrs3ser:rance that tee) strategy wilt 
cur-_to€h.: the fetere, ertnat lesses 
he 3s3.14est, 
t.-ource:Glendesver's assessment base' on pixttogo mariagernent theory 
(14) As of .'kepteintw..:(7., 2017. Peri..d sin..e2rX).3indlucies time:men; by mersiler: of the done sener roarsage.meril. leeirn at Deutsche bank. 
Key Definitions 
^Single Arrel Dear means an investment by the Fund leirectly or ineirt-ctly) in a poitfotia company gory:der, one ot more poi ate acuity Fund sponsors (and 
anyinnOvrOninve.11:1;:gs in any ;:uth eueNtinent, but not incluerf
arriS.1•P-1/.‹ Strtorwiary) 
reawnabt., de tennined 
t he Manager as lirt vantnsirecurres 
"Fund Secondary mean: la) an interest held tireetry or indirectfy by the Fund in a generaust or specialist private ebuitv fund structure (inducing a ft ne ei
funds, teeder (ulllur or other 
sUudturel .7,A:ca.:free in a rcandalore transaction :•r (h) a poriro& et such interests act:tired ha singe trantacnon, in each 
case as reasonably enfermin:W by the Marater as the context reduires. provled tala any interest referred to in clause fal shall be in a hire Slirt cti re that 
ether has an Investment pence that is expired (other than for feaow-on if/vestments) or has drawn down 
tursnittet! te Invest at least SOM et its acgregate 
commitments, aen` prose4see that any portfolie? of interests r4.,fensW to in etan 
;ball Be 
slreCterYS 111.11:r1 the aggregate na-re drawn down Or 
::Cenrrikket 1O invest ul, kast ynk of their aggregate c(:rensitmerat, preelden further that the aggegate commitment:: of any rune ::inttab that has an 
investment frrnod tat irr ezrAr*ti fiber than Rs' 
kwestre:te);) stall he neeinect to em:al the arnesill Crams down 
Surt: 
slivatas, and: 
ProMect, rk;ajder, tearta rune: Seca n.:ary shall not al!» be determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"•5P-led fecceetary- mean: an iwesurent interest beg by We ['um( Wsreeily Cr inCee:rni in polrata equity h.:re:structure or postludo C1 direct orleateeburty 
asset: through barpuke lic Lacey solutions (are  any follow-on ins•
nsents in any such investment interest, bt t not inducing any Co-Investment) as rearonably 
,:Kerrnzred by 1hµ Manager a: the cc-Merl rEKI:ires. 
-SOF" meat:: OB Secondary i)pp.:,rit.ne es Fund .A, I P., DB Secone•Ary Opportunitiesrune8, t.P. and tiff Secondary Opportunitiez Free C, LP 
'SOF Eit' means D8 Le< oreary Opp,orturiitks. Fungi 0. I. P 
-sor ri- meant teconclaryOpportnitier. Fond'', LP 
-sor 
mew., Benmare C.Ipporiunit*:; lund III, If) 
tr)01Funds,"'SOF Program. or 7.eccra:aryt:Wortnneuts Rings-mew:1.80E sor D, SOT II are. SOF lli 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100338 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246522 
EFTA01394338

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394339.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394339.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF 
L 
Important Information (1/2) 
confidenuat presentation toes tresentetion) 6 being CbrafralltC3Let` Loa limited nurnber of sophisticated pectoris (each. is "Recipientl by Gserieower 
Cepit al LIP re:Slyrico:se( t fan 4N/celled representative or hlimbella Adviser:LIS, which is euthor 
;gal retaAtet; by the United Yingeoni Carotidal Conduct 
Authority) for the purpcse of pros-ice/2 certain summary information about certain evisting ant future hands and aCCO..f.t., USA are managed or devised by 
Glendower, inckasing in umber' iA  with you! evaluation 0 a potential invertneyni in the fund to be Pusawn as Clime:owe., aortal Sescre.iary Citicecrlenities 
Curse IV. LP (the -ri.riosi The information ire:ludic in thb Presentatuen Is being mace available to Recipients or, a strktry error-Cetera' bast and iney not he 
,iiscloset or discutree with any person other than any Redpient's aftiliaes  eirterioral acvinets wtio are benne by obligati.stic or conic entialhy on a rayed to 
know bast. Any past performance info nation herein b not necesisarily °locative of future rest h: and actual performance may caw materially from any 
project:at or forecasted perfonrare.e 'Thy,' Preseritatexi Is rot rateriCeri co form the base. of rraq iaSer.lirrata eecise) t and Pahfioients r
 net re,/ on thic 
Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund Tht Presentation may not be Lied for am, roes not constitute an 
of fee t1/4, se& 0 3 v.iirsitatioe of any offer to subscribe for QF purchase ;;Ity :110:Tests Uff0
1fIse in art:zither trarlSiclatel The :Moue-may in the. Preffelitat:Oli r; 
Intent:ad to far illtate eiscusslen and is not necteserily notanungf LI or complete without such supplemental disci:earn 
Eech Recipient stculti rautsult its own attorney. business easter an. tad aCviser a: to legal, business, ix., eccounting ars; 'dates. matters C011f.talart the 
ink/neat:on tcyularned leiter ant. army future dlenr4 of SOF lit. Neither filencowei, hilirabella Adviser 1.19 not 'day of Heir respective affiliates makes ere 
repriatentabon or warranty to any Recipient (sewing tne legality Cr an inveitnent In the run/, true Ire.:litre Or tie ConSeetenlei. ex eve cultability of an 
investment nor such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not in:ante.: for tietritn.bon. ant shall not be cistritived. in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate applicable securities 
leery. 
Pfts.otAton 
ma ' refer to 
*Vent!: as having 00.1;fran: alms] COr.t.reelaS 3s 1,4-"at hers, entered into what: may nor have or.ctityed Of been enterer! 
into at the cote that ills Presentation Isntace:0,aikAble bt t that Citereower expects will occur or Of, entered into thereafter 
TIM Pra,telltali011 is not an offet to sell, nor a SOraftt3E*8 of an offer to buy, any r.frzurity, and may rot het set or relict' span in connection with any offer Of 
solkatatim A private offerine of Interests in the fun:Ivor! be nrikce only pre:rant to the offering tecumen1/4  for the f 
WitaifIACCitiortal information 
abea4the irae::tmefd objective. term; arks Cr.11eitifartar of an it..icemen! in true runt arid at,  contain tae inforneltilie afi0 lisle disclosures the,. are imtenearit to
;me investment sieCisitel retrakiirl* the Fund. No tersoit he: teen authontesi to make airy datement ccecerning the Fyne tele: than as:et forth lath.: °Para* 
CCCI,flIeraS and any such statements, it mace, 'nay not be lee; r, (ran 'The offering tocuments will be fUrfilarteC loCtialirka IreeStiiit 
corificential bail: re 
thee tetiteet The informatiariconiame,r, in, thiereesentathin will be seceirsetiet by, an€ is euahreii in its entirety by reference to. such offering licecrier:tr. 
Arn inuvetinent in the Furh will irtwalve significant risk. inducing or of the entire investment. The interests in the ROC will be 
as there t no SW.C)rif.aa/ 
irarset(Of interests in the Find aft(' tones syrriected to !rel./el:4E There will tvr restrictions 
tralZtetatte intereStS irrtht 
Pivestrneole may to leveraged 
ane the investment performance may tie volatile. Befere eedding to invest in the rural. prospective inyestors sts:cle read the therine riternotinaurn ant pay 
c.artia.lar atieneten to the rise factors contahsito jri the effering cocurnents Tne fear and tCpPnit3 thill14.11 in connectkin with en irnestment 'in Mt Fond may 
then the fees and " 0014.; of oiler e,seoLtisterit r.latmafiVeS alit May Oise( proles. Investors should have the financial ability ant wageraacy, 
accept the risk charxtenstcs of the riots investrnems. 
Potential contlets Of inter.," may arbe from the relationshm between Creel: Suisse Asset Management Larati,P arid Its atril
ez i -Credit ettisse"i, 
is
:oak* as the Pours placement agent Crehti Solite is rot acting and *dr not act as a munkipal advisor within the meaning of Section 975 at the 0txictii(renk 
Walt 'Street Reform and Cent'. mire Protection Art anti the rites ens regulations prcmulgatec them:It:diet irMt nkmal Advisor Rule"). 
Any re-tykes, material, or infimration inst Creed 
provkles to a municipal entity or eaftatee per$CaraN tefinet by the Municipal «int:six Rule Cr:meted 
Party' I are prostkled on an ar 011!: Weill 
Oink; ant not as' an acylecir 
licuclary to the Covered Party Coverer: Parties sheitilc consult. with their own internal arc 
excel nal eeersois before lakiagae.tarrraotr.rat:peCt rO3a} rierocet, material, or infr.drnation pro:lei& to then' tey erMlit 
Credit Sa:t.fle 840 Will Mt SOI1Ca 
a Ccraireo Parry for direct or inflifairt compel-scallop an behalf of an unalfilieted investment ammer for the pure en,. of obtaining or retaining en eingegenwrit for 
that illWatinelit ftiViaer by the Covered Party to remit,: investment advipary servile:: to or on behalf of tie Cover& Party. 
this Presentation contains infortiletkan that 
been or may have betrayal-MVP! by a norabitir of sources and has not been oreamentreMly verified NO/Lhing 
contained herein stall constitute any iepresentation or warranty aft re) r•irSpenSibility or liability iS accepted by Gienriower. its affiliates or Miraiunla ALIviS'aft 
l.LP a, to the accuracy a completeness of any infornetion supplied hecehi. 
Unless otherwise :eaten. the Inferrnelion rn the Presentation has not been eueited or verifier, by an incepencent party, and sneuln rot be seen ii; arty 
terrfaSeraarrOrof returns teat might be ache:fed 
Tie intormalcn centain.el herein /MEE de kept strictly es:hi:ter:Ike and may not be repreciucee or rim:sitter: iP any format without. tete acla0s3I of the 
Pure Notwithstanding the torego.ng. each Inatstor and prospective investor (arc ealh elYipkre4'. repleSefaranit or other agent tier erg) nay eisclose to any 
ant all perara"c, w4reror Iriolrattan of any kin', the tax treatment 3M tax stri 1:h:re ra the rut -%311.1 itS ,Mtegretetitf, and all irtMarlalt: a any /tine renejigrinp 
opinions or other tax rewires) that are provk'ec to :t cri investor or prospective investor relating to such MY treatment and taw stiuctcre, proviced, however, 
that suet, Ciscieto re shall not 
the name for other kentifyink: infternetion nea relevant to the tax stricture 0 tire treatment) of any c.ersort arid ;hall :Kt 
include inforliestiOn for which nondictlasule Is reasonably (careen at weer to comply' with applicable securities laws 
Past performance is not necessarity indicative of future tartar. and theft, can be no ascot:sr:re :bat the Find will achieve comparable results, that the return!: 
r$ener'aes% by the FIA*4 will ecual or caned those presentee herein or that tht rliFir will be able to ;14*MA:fa in a/Or:Ararat C.1flarrttleS a  achieve ds 
irisay:ernent objestivre;. The Furry; investment strategy anti applicable nye-Anent if/gfictiOra Ian ;idler from liar,* historically erncloyer, and ecoriernic 
conditions trey differ materially front the conditions tinter which any other investment fund or account managed or devisee by Gleneower has investeci. 
All statements of opinion ant / or belief COnlairteC 
this Presentation arc all views expmsser 
plOjer.U0f15, fOlacCiS Or statements felatiari to 
eepectations regareirtir futiire events or the poseible future Ferro; Fleenor of the fund recatneht Olandavver'n(WairsV:al:Iriefil.*10 irne5PreiSIOrl 
available to 4 as at the tate of this Presentation. No representation is mace or assurarce given that such statement:, views, projections or forecasts ale 
cOraca.l. llPst the otirectiyes of the runt will he athievetior that in 
tors will receive afetern of theircapital 
3M1 atricion, ins, ,a,,pon5ibikv or liability or duty 0 case o o Will Or: acceptec 
Gler.otereer 
it:, reypiectrrn aflitstes, telsnees, oirectors, errierioyees Or agents 
for oprating ink Prerentation (or any aPCIII0flel information), correcting arty inectre artier in it or provieing any attritional 'reformation to ',cu.. Asitoreengly, pl 
the fullest eaten!: st:treitie subject ha applicable law, reee <= (fiery:jeerer or its affiliates ant teAr respective sharehaiers, adsten:. agents, tirectere ofticers, 
panrpt,g., members anc tenet...wits shell be kale lame in the case of fraudi for any kiss (whether efritte. Inoirect or consecuenCysl), damage, cost or e(pense 
Suffered QC ir:r.Urre7:r by any person es a result or relying on ao,•sr,ittery,ery in. or ,:,m;ssbr,frc.,..,‘ this eresentathx, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100339 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246523 
EFTA01394339

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394340.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394340.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forwardiooking ;tate-merits ism cheing wittrsui !imitation, projections of future earnings or yak di, result: or salt:all:ens herein are based coon la trent 
;$•:sornsitions, may by siniplifiec and may depaiid opon events outside !lie control of Glendthver or its 
Other events that were not taken into accoent 
nay oceor and nay signilicarilly affect tux analy:b herein. Therefore. MaNe; to any assomptior, . may have a material impact ix. any valuations or 
pitiercticie. Actual results may Therefore ha niatenalli different from any forecast. opinon 
valsation herein. Prospectiye lg.-Nestor: in tie IVY.: >hcoki not 
nth' on these tOrwarmfookIng statements in deciding whether try awes! In Sirat Fort. The infonnation tOntamed in the Presentation ens been obtafriec from 
source:: ositslie of Credit 
such information is t-illes.ed 10 tie reliable For the purpose:: usei ratin, neither Credit:Su:use, rrsr any or Rs ad-elates or 
partners, itiembers or employee:, asr,urne any r
ponsibility for the act acycf 
ch irlonnation 
See the "Notes b.:Investment Performance < ontainirt 
irriponantinforriation regarding re.rformant.e arc tergelet: ret.,:rns. 
This Presentatkin vies riot for in part of the basis kir any v.eilfect ea: tureen Gieripyne, or itl atlilete, anz. any atto 
Re.'ipier:tspf Pa) Preseritatkin slag irot 
treat this Presentatiori or tax, regulatory, acr.ounting. legal_ investment or any other advice in relatiori to the Recipient of this information are this information 
shmiel not are cardK4. Fe rerit upon as :air.b 
The CrrstfiMilL4, <4 this Presentation and partkcation in the Find may be restricted by taw in certain 
jurisdictions. Penons arliocome into possesulon of (Ks Pre.eniation are required to inform themselves about. are: to oast e. any such restritliom. 
No governmental authority has oissird on the merits of the offering or interests ro the Fore or tie adequacy of tise. information °minified herein. Any 
epresentation to lie el-aire? ia,1; rearul. 
Prospective irive,ton :rliOLla pay partici:lag attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk 
factors An invt:Imerit in the foe: is suitable only ior ssiiheticater: ins-t
s and rewires the finareial ability and willingness to accept the hk,fk risk.: and lack 
of liquidity asrociatesi with an investment in the Fund. inve5tors in the Fond mort tie prepared to hear such risls for an incelinite period of titre 
Statements herein are mace as of January 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Inforrnetk-ri 
Ehe Track Re,.cr4 
The GP:FrM.4er ire Talar Ipacraqf from Cent he Sara( arid its afliliates ("DeutIche bank, on Aegost I, 20.17 and eitabibned Glendower Capital. LIP an. its 
affiliates (together, "Glenrowerl as an Independent private .t.cuity Firm owned by its partners Intl ret on secondary transactkin In private rnarkett. The 
pertomance inforrnation are tra-:k record set out in this Presentation in respect ot the SOF rum:: (Dart the pencv time ram inot
ion or the SOF Precis to 
rata. ileberag the tune prior to the Catenation of Glennower, wheri the from; were employee( of Ciectscp,.; Bank. in evaluating the tract. leceetl, e..e.ti Recipient 
Estee that f*t>lo Pirwirrearoli and Charles Smith have been permanent voting nwrnber.: of the sof Funds irwestment committees sireet.ce
ires; fa) 
f hi Cheting, Francesco higanionti ant Acarn Greer have attended as observers the majority of insertmerit committees of the SOF Funds sine inception. they 
were appointer in Decernbef 2011 durirat the SOF it investirent pericv.; as sce.ing merribers on a ra.t.atilaral binis and here been permanent soling members 
since January 2013; (iii) oder employees of Deutsche bank who were not part of the SOF investment team anc that have not. joined Glencower were involved 
at different times on I he investment corr.:mattes of the SOF 
arid Gni, ineestinentdecirlorernaking process in re:-.;.4(:t.c4 the investments ince try the. SOF 
F..ncs and (cro) ha r.onnecoon with the ifly4rrtalirtaS compitirkg the tract record, the riterv.ower Insaistrrent professionals were part .sf a larger voile within 
Lentcerie Nara. The owestment performance Mt:Juliet herein it intended colety to provide Recipients wee information atmnt the Giereower SOF Tearn'c 
owtstinent etpenence. The perlinrnance information pithicee herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative &.,et Management (Global) Limited 
COAAMIGit"lane provided to Glendower are relates to the SOF Fore.; and the related ireivretval under: ins transactor . it' respect ail width the Gameower 
SOF Tirane were ilesk*Mira thee capacity as per/Jerk, rtrarager arid/or insestiment committee members while employed at Decitcler Hank. Glentowei takes 
responsibiaty for Its use -.4 the perfornonce informs:aim and its compliar.:e with all a CipliCiltile taws, reiniations, rules an.: goinellises, inducing, but not renited 
to. the Investment Advisers AC et Icali). as aPerrrfree, and is particular. Rule 204.:: therenreer: and DAAlsafGit take:: ras rest-snsibeity for the iice of sucri 
Pe fin(M3n.:e inronr,stlisn by Grersikrwer 
Notes to In 
 Performance 
investment r:F.Ve::: 
(therW4:;f: 
net 45. ;:re as et September 30. 2017, are r.:0;A:rtas, are: aie 
en!,. 
Itenen, 
::rile;;: 
othenvise indicated, -Gross IRK' am 'Net iRR" shalt mean an aggregate, conwet no, annual gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on investments, 
based tin daily cash aftee Cal0. Lilian, are pre:en:cc baled mg actual cash flow" 
zsrte from limited partner:. All IRRn ere presented on a -Intr:s` basis unless 
otherwise stated 0 e, hey do out reflect de pm or ity profit share carded interest, taxes tramaction costs In corineeton with the disposition of unrealned 
ineermremis anri attesr expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funs. 
which v.4 ret.,.ce returns arid. in the aggravate. are espected re i.e 
Substantial) Net IRA kt presentet: after Kierh.cting all priority plOfit :thaut carrlen interest, tweet.. transaction costs Inc ...thee fee:: aro.: expenses (other than 
;axe; dome or to be r),-,n.,e by inyeatr.o.;, indieing as a nvia la of an ewestors donk. ile). Further, note that l;‘: catc,,i?tirez mfAbocokigy aCo
e."C to Cak,ilat-el4K 
1141 in respeu of the SOF rinds is impacted by the sor 
ire of tahscription line facilities. All perfooriarsce timbers induce recycled capital unless 
otherwise erphsill? ',loiterer. Dist, ibetioni to Paid-in Capital Poem represents el4leg.te ;.stributioire: to insestr4S in the SOF Pads realise to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Fans. Residual Value to Pairj-in Capital ("net") represents the value of the SOF Funds investor,' intersect held within the Xtl,
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions tic, t 
Fend:, net et to SOF F..rret <anilad interest. rrian4ement tees and other excerisers. Total Value to 
Paid-In Capital (- NW): TePi =OW + RVPt Ist.ster is oeficaril as the amount of money returned divided by the arri.:amt Invested ror that partkurar investment 
Gross multiple represents Total Valle as a rrinitile oi capital inuestim by the SOF Funds Net lung data :net 
etc.i net ineronnance data refle:ts anutents 
vet of the sor f 
catneo interest. management fees ant: otherelven:es 
Valuation:. Valuation!: of unrealh:tii nwitstments are generally bate( •sti a good faith aro rettonable ceterrnination by the genial partner of the relevant 
,n ,.cement it a'; Any such valuation of inrea.riteri investment will he based cri assumptions that such general partner helletec are reasonabte under the 
Cittull'ittailteS. the actual realized return: tin unrealizec investments will depend on. dirions otter tae toe• rytt:re pperenN sys,lt, the value of the assets ard 
ifsaiet con.oiriois at the riffle of 5sposatais arty oflater; tranSattiOlithis and the timing and manner of 
all of which Pray Oriel' from the asstarVtions on 
which the valuation.: user; in the pilaf performance dila contains: herein are bared Au:cornea/3y. the actual realized return: generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ mat rally from the returns livicated herein:. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100340 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246524 
EFTA01394340

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394341.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394341.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA This Presentation shall not be eistributed to any Recipient that Ls domiciles; or resident. in a European Economic Area no:airier :tats 
*here tie 
tit the Presentation in such member state wee.sin constitute 'marketing? (within lit weaning of article still(%) of tiw Alternative 
Investment Fula Managers Directive (2011/GLIIIII Thk; Presentation is: rot an approves: prospectus for m.roo
 of section 65 
the Ur' financial SePices 
and Markets At 2030 
Mt United Lingicert. Uses Prer.entation may only be avramankatec ii) by a cere: n other than an authonser: ceirson if 
cirectec only at to) persons who have pror
sional experience in matters relating to investme.nts. falling within article 19451 ('investrnent professionals') of the 
ne‘arcial sankt,a and Markrett ACt 2CV, friforif mil Prorfaxiool Orrim /COS f;e: 
the 'Order 1, in) persons felting amthm: article agi2)fa) to fat Chaps 
net worth companies, idlincor punted associattorir etc.') of the Omer, or (c) persons whom this Primentatem may otherwise lawfully be communicated; 'pie Ili) 
try an authorized person it coquets only at la) person; who have professional orneriest,: of participating in war:plates, 0:Isentes. fatting withal argot 1.44S1 
rinveltly:ent professiatts"1 or the financial Services and Markets ea 200) (Prornoticri 
Collective Investment £chenms) (Exemptions) Order 2001 as 
arresncedi the vPC1S rar
e) arc article 19{5) rinyessanere prcifeYsionalci cif Mei Orcer. 11) perscais falimmi within attic* 22 (high net worth cornparses, 
t.rollf.OrpOraten aSSOLialiatiS etf.) 0 the PCISOrclei ants atte.14...49(2)(a)to (e) thigh netwerth ctimpanles,uriiriCorpOrateP aSSor.eations etc.") of P*Ords.e. 
NM) Node. In Ifibli01 tO each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member Stale) which tit; irriplernenteo the Alternative Investment Nino Managers 
Directive ithrective (20.1.1161/EUI) drat •AlitSD-1 Mod tor which transitional arrartgernersts are nuts no longer available), this Presenbtem May 
distributer: anc interests in the fund may only be offerec or ;Recce in a Member State to the extent that: 11) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professicaoil irnshuors in the reltahra Member 
inacconsance with airmo (at imptrnented into the total law/regd.:tear: of the relmantMetflns.r State]: or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise he lawfully eistnnuted and the interest. in the rune may otherwise be lawligsr offered or placed in that Member Suite 
(tncie4!s:g at the initiaiimY of the er..esto:J. 
In relater: to each Member State of 061 EEA whe-.11. at the date of tit: Pt t...;:eolhtlolt. has not iniplementeo Airmo, this Piesentatrnn may any be distributes' and 
interests in the Purr; nay only be °Betel or placed to the extent that ion Presentation may be lawfully cistributsp and the micentsts in the runt; nay um:fully 
be oiler et or place ein that. Member State (including at the inittatiisis of the insestor1 
For persons In Australla.*fhis information has been preparers for general information purposes only. Nothing in trio Press:citation wnstitutes investment, legal, 
lfamil DM% or la* advice, or a ff:preSetitato'l that any atvestment or strategy 
suitable or ext./ innate to ind:yid:al circu mstances. ce ozherwipt oar:stance a 
personal cr:cominenuation to any Soi:tiflf investor Recipients of PM PreSentatian should 004 assume that any Investment discusser; herein 'hive or will be 
profitable There is no guarantee comerning the achiewment of aeest.rnetit obits:huts or target tett:ins a measurenients Any reference to Past performance 
is rot indicative of future results and is no gtarantee to future results. This Presentation has been prepared for an. is protidee Dray to ;fermi:tee recipients in 
Australia who qualify as whdiesme ctopts 4ci that term g defined by pick', 7616(7) of the Australia:, Corporations Act 20(0 (Cth ) (the "Act.] moo as 
sophisticated or professtanal ,me, tors as degree by se-:tscrks 70gial and (111(respectiva)y) of the Act. in respect or which an offer would Oct r ecuire disc:I:sure 
under Chapter 61) or Part 7.9 of the Act. It Coes not contain inc dook.it not be taken as co:taming any financial preduct advice or financial procuct 
recomnwreatots. 
Preser-labols ki Oct. m PrelPeaus. pros:via CLI/Josure statement a any otter form of pretcribeo tgh,desco.ti,;mentur,der the Act. This 
Presentation is not required to. ars, doe: not. contain all the information wind) would be recuiite in either a prospectus. (Ifni tt.t.t (iiscioscre :bats-merit or any 
other form of prescribed uflerine cocument under the Act, rear hit rev.?:itec tie be st bit:heti to Ile Ai:straiten Securities era: investment% asinnibskas. The 
funds referred to in these inaterhes are not registered schemes 
cellist in the Act. In Australia. Credit Sur...se Group (111ililei, other than Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch are rot author:zee ceposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the banking Act 1959 (Cth ) and thele- oliksation: do &N. represent deprnit; or 
other babilitseo of Creek Suisse AG. Sycrey (:ranch. Credit Staffs) AC,, foyoney Branch tor..; not guarantee or otherwise provice assurance In respect of the 
obligat &pi. of SLUt 
Somale entities or Ms: fonds. 
For persons In Baran. The Presentation has not been apprpeed by the Central Pant of Bahrain which takes no mswinsibikry for its contents No .:4fer to the 
public to purchase the Pmt's interests wilt be made in the Vinedorn of &Attalla anc this Presentation is imervied to be teed by the arieressee only and must not 
he passed to, itistato to, OrSilt:lel to the powgenerally, 
For persons ki Brea The inforrnsibn contained herein Is for Ph:imam:nal purpopys. only am; is not, arm taw,er no circernstance.s is to be cora:tiled as, a 
prospect:is, aft advertiseriwg a public offering. an offer to sell the mitareits beiailmi he tau Of 
SOlmilat fan or an of fm-f to buy the interests cescnbed herein 
in Braid. Arai public offer or safe of PeIntel/is:to OesCribeel herein will be mace only if appficable registration in the Brazilian Securities Cfatalr:kaal011 It; obtainer. 
No imitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, ates, Inwstment will be deensed to the pubfi in grasit or by any means Woubl be deerneri public ode-ring of 
securities in Brasil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be tonstitaO as iFtwoUnent acirne Brazilian Securities Cofontisso has not 
reviewer, the frmitefial beteg.. 
For MOM In Brand. This Presentation has not been ejekvt.-rea to. liCentet or penrilfret by Autoriti Monetad Brunel Oanta.1-gatat. Nor tta2 it teen reefotereri 
with the Registrar of C.omnarii 
This Presentation is for informational putootes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. As such, it 
moot not be flOtribt4tm. 
pAl0finottO to and Intl? rot br teliec upon or useed by any person it: Brunei other than the percori to *hoe: P. b directly 
cornannicated and who belongs to a class of personas defame under Section 20 of the Br 
Sect.rineS Market Order, 2013. 
Fa proms li  Gonads. Tit Preesnustkm is Only intenced for persons in Canada who cuaafy to be a 'permitted cleft - within the meaning fiaporeil instrument 
3:10?- Registratkei Requirement:. Eyernptions pic Ongoitg Registrant. Ottgathrny. To lie eaten,. that the ilifonnath.q. onihimiecl herein references sexrites 
of an issuer incorporated. forme or treater, m:ncen the law,: of Canaca of a province or territory of Cartsca, arty traces in or adyice regaruing such securities 
must be conductim throsgh an invetainent dealer rig:pert-4 in Carioca. No securnes cchandzsion or similar regnlah:My a0htlor,' in Crania hOr. reviewed •'..r MI 
any Way passed upon these matenals, the information contained herein or the merits or the Interest'; descnbed twee% and any representation to the contrary 
it an offence 
For pasta inch a...4! or ronw Of the offered securities may have not been registered with the St ter rintendencia de Valores y Segunss (PM") pursuant to law 
no 16.045, the Ley de Mersad-:, ce siatores, and regueitions thereunder. Securities not registered with the SV5 may not be offered or sot' pc:nth:Ey in Chi* 
(nr-SS a ff.-SIMPLON Met:IN:ion apply). Thb flOCtiment dims not constitute an offer of. <1' an invitation to subscribe icr or pirchate, the securities in the, 
Rept but of Chile, other than to incivinually leentifier1 investors pi,rst ant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado ee Valotet. 
fan cllef that is not 'addressed to the pi:bricks general or to a certaIrs sector or soecifk gemrp of the of1610.foradrationaldnfenrabaireferrer to such of 
Ofer fle securities, please contact yOtir ReliftkIrdrin ktIrlat4f7r. 
For persons in Odn 
hiss invvtation to offer, or offer for. or sale of, any interest or investment will he made to the p.. bik in the Peoples Republic of China 
('PRC{ or by any means that would be Or:tined piths offer ellt of se :untie:, ince( the taws of the PRC. These materials may not be Oustributec to irichocuak: 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the MC who have rrai obtained all the met:ire:1 PRC government approvals' it is the investors resporsibihty to 
ermure that it has obtainer all necessary PRC sr:averment. approvals to purchase any interest, participate in am investment or receive any inyestn,ent 
or if amm:trnent managenient so-ices 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100341 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246525 
EFTA01394341

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394342.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394342.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal disdakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Repirldfic of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their own 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with Cerree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meaning of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani tO professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute fironcial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS Is Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, 17 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that Ordinance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
cued or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purpose:: 
Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. aryl advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) oche; than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of Hong Kong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try iecoritles Uldt, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations (porrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for the)nselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte inyestnent marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs wrmessawned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific peril se of an avAmiSinon porioani to an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the .-..chearn. 
to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt thiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
thtra.p..,,a,i of ily.oine 0.der 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallion 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of aft Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) any: their Nve! of income Veer eat, 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pcidel!nes, doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Iron: time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to any other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt for 
c oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing a. this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own accorad: or, where applkable, (a other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, or to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot be registereu puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applIcat.le laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese governmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tiled!. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a regotereo clnane.oal instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL sa member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r 
k•SOCi3tiOn and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100342 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246526 
EFTA01394342

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394343.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394343.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOf IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This dock meat is provicsk on a C011idellti3i basis and made upon your veriest. Tnis riocunierit roes not COME aLte, and shot:lc not be 
ctn.:ruevas•xr:scil;ing.an offer or invitation testeisuribe first purchase sty seuiritxm 44: defines; in the Ca peal Markets anti Serthes Ack.:1207) in Ma Ifraia 
or interests (as oefirieti in the Conitranen Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The dispatch of this emurnent duet not make available any sect:fetes for 
subscription or poichase in Malaysia. This Cut nenr. las been issued mitide 
fslaysia ;stir no issue, offer of inv.tat e. once: thes rocunient has any ef fest in 
MataySha 
For persons to Mexico. This marketing material b rdlributed in the United Me,lkaco Hate; rfenraitol by ;. (oreip, Financial inslitutrum lInstitvtion irn;Hiciera 
cel Exterior) nor subjed to the supentsion o1 the National Banking anti Le:enties Commiusion (Comisien Nacioftal Baniaro y tie Valones) (the "CiaBM) The 
securities mentioned Meek, are rot registered in the National flea:Mies Registry (Regbtro National de. Valero:) (the "Min or in the International Gm:talon 
Ss:stein tSrsterro Internacional ye COttraUkdX.S1 (the ”.SICIM the Menem Steak Eitcharate (Eloise MexieaMt de VAk.ite%). theivfoiv such secontsts, Bs issuance, 
pitying, distnbuteer and listing are not subject to the soperAston of MC Chl8V or the prosisions of Mouton law The securities shall flOt bass St.13,11.o.t to public 
offering.labri or brokerage in feleetyst:Ilitst: registered In the HMV or the X OUrsuArk to the applicable legal PrOybtOna. 
For psws In Monnar • Thn Pnxiccfropy not ftif agent,' <tr sole. directly or 0M0OCOV, to the. Public in Monaco other tan by a Monaco Bart or a iluly 
NAM1£13O;Ot e interrneCiary ailing 353 professional iratitutior-iii investor *NCH 
k&.'nviedge: ant] experience in firiarvial anti thisiessas Matters 
as to be capable of is:RA:sting the SR:: and merits of an illY0.5.1MMIt in the rune. Consteuesitly, this tiOctiffeirlit may only be conuritnicated to banks Cady 
liserisec hr Ow `At Mite tie tainift.* PfOOMItier and hilly TgAVISeO pielfolionainageetit. corripariRis by uirtue ir..f Law 
of tr.:1y 26, 19:41 and Law .1.332 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the toinnesidn de Condole ces Activites Finarv.ieres Suet: regulated intefrnettrarier may in torn communicate this 
coo:morn' to ta.a.entisilinveutors 
For persons In NewZee/arid [ha. stif011hat*:1 bat: bOell ,nepau ed for 3nei rt provided OfO7 bs OmmItret ft( vients. in new &attic wito c Lillie ;sari "MVeStrr-40 
business" or 'government agency" within the meaning of &sure 17(1) arc clause40 of Schesfulel of the New Zealanc litaiu.ral Markets. Conduct Ad 2013. 
For persons In the Suitonete of Conan. The Mformatian contained in this Pr ese.mation neither constiu,ter. a public offer of securities in true Sultanate of Oman as 
creiteisiplatec in the Conenelt ialCompano taw of Coon (e.swal Decree 41.74) or tits Capital Market taw of Oman (Puy& Decree WS:9Si, nor (Mt: It VOOMIO.,'* 
an offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say NozeOntani securities in the Soltarrafe of Anon as contemptateti by Article I.39 of the Es/mien-is 
Regulations to theCapital Market tawny,
s.er., by Dec iron tio.112CO9I 
Arie.iticK:ally, this Presentation is lot intended to leac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nalu I t within the territory of the St ftanate of (Aran 
For persons In Cietar Trot interest.; 
the 
an? only tieing offered to a limited number of Insesttars Wei are vagina and able to conduct. an Incedencere 
inaersigation ct the Mils invoked in en inveltment in secti Miereate The promotional riocumeniatioridC+E rice constitute an oiler ro the public and it for the 
k se only of the nanesd ACCo:C.S.EO and should not he given or shown to any other person (ocher Men employees, agents or coroultants in connection with the 
arkiressess'a consideration thereof). The (tad haf. 'VA *eon aryl will riot ha ne&istered with thee:afar central Hank or :sneer any lawn of tie State of Czatar No 
tranraction will he conducted In your pa iscictIon and any inuuliies regarding the interests in the Form should he made tot:41140We, . 
For persons In Saud Arabia. The: lireceniatisn re.ay may not be ciudbuted in the langoom of Saudi Arabb escent to suds persons 3S are iMMItilke• *neer the 
Offers of Seat cities IteguUdions tr!aree by the Capital Market Autiority (the "civt.a.'u 
The (MA cote: not make any reprecitnietliin as to the aatracy or completeness O this Dr.eionstint, one eq.ressly ',delete:, any 
whatmeseir for any lures 
arcing froni, IX Incurred in relance Lars any part <4 the Of -,..entation. erospeatie puttnasers <4 the interest otleoft.:: tenet.; should conduct their own due 
Cilk011iCC on the ucturacy at tie information relating to the interests. if you co not uncerstarv1 the content: of the. Presentation yo. should consult art 
authorized firiancrataelisey 
For penfOnS h Sineletere This Presentafron not a prosPer.tu:: 
delineri :r: the Sraill1esarv.i rutures Act. Chapter 
of Singapore (`;;FA') arc, 11;C not been 
registered as a prospectus with tel: Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under theSCA in relation to the content of prospectuses 
apply, arc this PrOjente".O 1;tzk,ie Foc he construed In arty way as a tottrarnkse or all rifler t9 bus or sell aria inteaest 
irivristnient referred to sir 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you_ The product named in this Presentation is not el thorized or 
retognitee by the Monetary As:Monty of Singapore (the 'MASI ;MC Mete kd ii ,.; interests 
snares inns 
be allovilht to be offeree to retail imiltic in 
Singapore. This Presentation maybe detritatrei. only fij to persons who are TinstItutional investors' under section 304 01 the SFA. 
for persona In Souttt Kona Teas Presentation r; heals proY*.nro to you.: for general etcusson purposes only to gaoge the level of interest in the reievare 
prosi.cts The celdarry of Qin fOrSOMOtioll to you sixtukt not he comer titre ill 31.y Wei, as riAisiling inveslnient or offering to sea any interests deso gest h. this 
ere:en:anon Rather, betore the sans 01 any men product. the mei will Fest be registered with the Financial Services Cisoundiri-sri In Sotto and a locaiii 
liceriasa entity still be engaged. 
For persons In SMteerland. Credit Suite provices no guarantee with regard to the ancient and completeness of the information and Goes not &vein any 
Itanlibi fur loV.rs that might arise Iron. frisking use of the znrurreatron If nothing is a dicated to the contrary, all fig vas are tir
tidityd. 
intorrestan 
pmt.'s:leo herein is far the estluarie use of the recipient Private email( it: private egulty capital investment In companies that are not trailed publicly (I e , are 
rizt Mato tin a stock exchange;. nriyaie equity lose:Relents are generally iil€rhuid and are seen as a long-terns investment. Friseite equity investments. auciunkig 
the Investment opportunity described herein, may inciode the folkwor-g aileltIonal risks: 0) loss of all or a substantial :pietas: of die inseutods investment. fill 
nvestoren: manager: May base incentives to make investment: that are tidier or more specuratke rue to perfortnance.tased compercanon, tar] tack of 
hot:icily as there may be no secondary ITIAlet, 
vOl3tIlity Of fen. Ms, fy) restrictions OF. transfer. (Vi 3 potential p. o. of olversification, fern hitet rev, end 
rr, pereee, (Yin) little or re requirement to provide ecotone( pritung and (iv) coulee^ say SZO.:(.02reS are celays in heave) Ling important tat information to 
in=s: tars. 
The reorsesentallve of the fund in Swatted:Aro is Hugo Puna Services SA, 6 Lairs de Nye, Cie-1204 Geneva (the 'Representativel. The offering documents, 
ant-Assof asioLiatai arid audited thiamin .1.atensehts ten be tenainee free r4 charge horn thy Sepresentariye Inn- piece of per:Any:runnu iniornt of the 
Fund offerer, or cistritittleo in or from Switzerland is the registerec offioe of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geranta shall have jurisdiction in 
relation tr, any ognestes arcing not or ihe uetIoss.4 to nerve:new ne. Any rAsoute relater: to the el:Vita:ion of interarts:A the tern, in ere.. from Switzer land 
shall tuusuhlect to theism:eh:lien of the registered /Afire of the reurhbutor 
The Paying Agent In Switaalarkti is Banque Canto ale urr Geneve, 17 Ctilhi ue 
cn-:1207 Geuesu, Se/Rioland (the -Paynn Agenn Interests goy he 
Nab:tribe-1, asettor redeemeo with the Paykig Agent A handling commission will be ct-arger: by the Paying Agent if a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions. a no money must lye receiver: by th.t. paying agent et least ;14 hours before the approperale dealing co t•of f time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100343 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246527 
EFTA01394343

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394344.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394344.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L P 
legal disclaimers 
for person; Ina mu and Nest. This Presentation roes not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Kitts anti Nevis This Presertator, ha: not been reviewed by 
the Soo:Mies Commosker or the firencial Serei.to Regultstore Conimissiorr M5t KAts and Neve. 
refobt my a othority ifi St. 1(41: one TT esis 
passer; utan 
the &tumor or adeouacy of the of teeing or endorsee the merits of tie of teems. the funs: hae riot been are will not be registeresi with any regulatory authority 
ih St. YOU and News.. Each investor :hotly coroult his or he legal arsine' 
occountare or resorcial asIsoor lot aiivice on the 6rsrious legal, to: or ec000nric 
matters uonceetang ark or her investment in the rum: There 
invohre:i 
Inoesting, well the ultimate risk tieing the loss of the 'mentors entire 
in.estIneni 
Fa persons in WEI Abu DhabllOubal. This Maser:rotors and the ittOrrnatenCOntairien herein, does not constitute, area is not reechoed to oxistitute, a public 
otter 
UnitqC Arab Emirates and accmoingly shoulO mat be < cmeruee as moll The interftts in the rt;nd are only being &feted to a Dmilect 
number Pf sophists-steed 'woo:tors in the IJAE who rot ale Willing We able to cOndiat an iceepentlent ewestetation of the fists Insisted m an intestrnent In sail 
interests . rind ibi upon tr*ir specific reeeest. The ',attests in the rent have not been approste by or licensel or registerat with the UAE Central Etank, the 
Sect:title> WWI Commooldes Authority or are/ other rekivarit hearosing atittxxities or governmental agencles in the Inf. The Presematem is for the t ce ed the 
eanitic adUressee only are ;hot k1 not he giver; or shown to any other person retiree than employee's. agents or consultants 
Connection with the addressees 
con:i0eratiot r thereof). WArans'Atiori wilt be cons used rn 
IME are.: any ene vines rega0; 
:met est 
the Furs; stools, be eras* to tiler:0s:we: 
For petiole In the United Staten of America in nI4kIng arc investment OeciSiOrt prospective must ref./ or; their own eywriination of the issuer arm the terms of 
the :lifer rig, inar,InCing the norrits erg risks insolvers. 
The interests haw. not heen re:onoeno.ceei by any letierai or state securities ester:IX5On or regulatory a:the:its. ni n herrricr#.. the toreooing authorities have 
not confirmed this.. accuracy or determines the acen' acy of this Pr senator.. Any representation to the contrary is a cr iminal offense 
The Interests hase rot been art.; will rot he resisteted under the Securities Act, or any state or oit*r 
Lawr. or the birs or any non-U S. jurin,:icticri, nor 
u such registration contemplate:: The Interests will be offered and tac, in the United States only to roalifying reec•ients of the tunes private placement. 
rremorareir m pursuant to the evemphori hen; the registration, foto Irainent.s of the Sect ricks Act provirted by Section 4121 are. Fogulatico Cs thereof are any 
aPPIleable IV51:1A000 proOtt'liOtt 5 therk'tnijir arc' in compliance with the at:pleat:Ito sect rifles lows. of the states and oho fortsciistiony where the offering 
'Mn be n'ace The hiteregs are beings,* tor ioseotment only arc are subsea to restrictions on tosocferability and resale arid may net be transferrer, of resold 
eacept 
peoveesi rn the Foos; Portoerstrip Agreement anti as permittse rosier the Securities Ar.t ate the doper:46k.. ]late setcoties laws. pm:scoot to 
registration c..r exemption therefrom. tnnilen Partners shouk be aware that they will be rectare: to bear the financial ri:P4 of an investment in the interests 
for an ay.efrrate leriee or tine The nose will net be registerei ac an investment annpany rosier the Inveturint Cernpany Art Corzeocently. investors will 
not he affornee the protections Athe investment Company Act. There *di be no pt blic market for the Interests, arc there is no obligation on the part of arty 
t*rOW: re register rhe Interests untie, the $.e.cuntms Act. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100344 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246528 
EFTA01394344

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394345.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394345.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable. we do not guarantee its accuracy. completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES. INCLUDING THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. governmental agency. are not obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.. or any of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities 
described In this presentation have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities. such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may otter fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting. tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your 
employees. representatives or agents). subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction. and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246529 
DB-SDNY-0100345 
EFTA01394345

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394346.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394346.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enter,. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 61e, 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100346 
SDNY_GM_00246530 
EFTA01394346

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394347.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394347.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS I29 DF Enterpnses 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100347 
SDNY_GM_00246531 
EFTA01394347

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394348.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394348.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
STRICTL,  CONFIDENTIAL 
I ' TN.: - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100348 
SDNY_GM_00246532 
EFTA01394348

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394349.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394349.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC') and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may not be requited by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration of an entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations - Further there have been a number of high profile instances where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• 
Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the fund. in 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to file its return without requesting an extension of time to Me. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack of tax information may result in an investor being taxed on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing may exceed those of a long-only mutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial amount of their investors' money. 
iCapital. 
STRICTL'r. CONFIDENTIAL 
• 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100349 
SDNY_GM_00246533 
EFTA01394349

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394350.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394350.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 29 OF Enterprises 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Funds terms is qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Access Fund' 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital. LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
Capital Advisors, LLC 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
S5 million 
75 b:II:on 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' plus up to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses generally upon 
business da
'prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' 
An AIF MD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise 8 Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements (2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaucited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into the 
Underlying Fund 
5250.000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary of the me
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Feel 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund term,' 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Generaly upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen 8 Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof?
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital' 
a 85% of Invested Capital' 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0 25% of Invested Capital 
50% after an 800% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2 00% and (b) 800% 
Access Fund 
During Investment 
Years Following 
L Commitment 
Period' 
Investment Periods 
-------- ------ ---
<53 million 
- <$5 million 
a 75% 
L 
intlIton+t-
00% 
0.75% 
025% 
060% 
25% 
No additeonal carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investor;-1
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
Thereafter 1 
> of 90%
of previous i 
year or
0.25%5
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100350 
SDNY_GM_00246534 
EFTA01394350

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394351.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394351.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors. LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
iCapital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100351 
SDNY_GM_00246535 
EFTA01394351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394352.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
LY ,,ONFOENTIAL 
2' QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100352 
SDNY GM_002413536 
EFTA01394352

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394353.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394353.pdf
----------------------------------------
OLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this °Priesentetion"1 is being communicated to a limited number of sophisticated persons reach a 'Recipient) by Glendower Capital. LL.P ?Glendower') which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Aullaiily, tor the purpose of providing certain stmenaiy information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP r'SOF 
IV or the 'Fund') The information included in this Presentation is being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or professional advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis Any past performance information herein Is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients mist not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to substeibei tor interests in the Fund This Presentation may not he used for and does not constitute an offer to stet. 
or a solicitation of any otter to subscribe tor or purchase any interests or to engage in any other transaction 
The information in this Presentation is intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney. business adviser and tax adviser as to alga€, business, tax, accounting and related matters coo iceming the eiterreation conthined herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an investment en the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution. and shall not be dist; ibuted. in arty jurisdiction 'where such distribution weeeld violate applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited Investors & Qualified Purchasers. This material is personal to each offense and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information concerning the Fund Strictly not tor redistribution. 
Please refer to the 'Important Information,' 'Key Definitions.' important Infonnation on the Track Record.' 'Important Information for Recipients in Certain Jurisdictions' and 'Notes to Investment 
Performance' sections at the end of this Presentation for further important information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to 
or-U5$' are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March .31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100353 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246537 
EFTA01394353

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394354.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394354.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE fund at its inception 
- These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of investment 
- They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
- Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital calls in the future 
- This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any time 
- Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
- The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
- The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund extensions 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100354 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246538 
EFTA01394354

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394355.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394355.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities' 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows' 
In '000 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
1.400 
Pricing 
- Re-price existing funded assets 
1,200 
Flexibility 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
1,000 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
800 
600 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
400 
Mitigate J-
- Shorter duration of investments 
200 
Curve 
— Earlier cash distributions 
(200) 
Years 
Complement 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
(400) 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
(WO) 
Capital calls and managen*nt fees 
Distributions 
(900) 
Cumtlabve cash flows 
(1) This information is for r)ic.!itt:5 sin puiposes and reflrrcts Glendower Capitals own analysis. The graph is an example for illtrstrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100355 
SDNY_GM_00246539 
EFTA01394355

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394356.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394356.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this ..Aide is for Mushy -. 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
'poses only and summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of thd presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100356 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246540 
EFTA01394356

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394357.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394357.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS1 29 DF Enterpnses 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100357 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246541 
EFTA01394357

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394358.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394358.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 2003' 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
- Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
- Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
- Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
- US$3 billion in total client assets2
- London and New York offices 
- 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
- 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
- Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
- Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
Established 
operational 
processes 
- Integrated, self-contained processes 
- Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. 
Charles Smith. 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
Team 
Tearn 
Team 
restructure USS6bn 
raises 
raises 
raises 
Deutsche Bank PE 
SOF 
SOF- D 
SOF Ili 
proprietary portfolio 
USS565in 
USS147m 
L1S51 550n 
--• 
2003 
2005 2006 2007 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
r1 j Period since 2003 Includes time spent by members ()line core senior management team et Deutsche Sank 
121 Actual committed to SOF Funds. 
1.73) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. UST values have been converted at the September 30 2017 EURtliSS late of 1.1822. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
• 
• 
2010 2011 
Team 
raises 
SOF a 
LiS$514 m 
• 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
2014 
2017 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100359 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246543 
EFTA01394358

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394359.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394359.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Carlo Pirzlo-Blroll 
Managing Partner, CEO - London 
Deutsche Bank. CDB Wob Tech: General Electric: 
The Boston Gansuling Group 
MCA Drriunft,a cuadir.% ath...161 MEny Ron., 
a
Deirdre Davies 
Os 
Partner, COO - London 
Deutsche Bank: ABN Mn: KPMG 
n K7^. 
Send., 
, 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Room. 
0*
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
CA .>.. 
Vice President, Finance. 
London 
Re-pined team in 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust: 
Coopers 8 Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge Unkrersily; ALMA 
Joshua Glaser 
O 
Partner. Client Coverage - New York 
Deutsche Bank: Paul Capital: Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS. Tuns U1S,e1111 
Devrup BanerJee 
at„ 
Vice President, 
g, 
London 
years with the loam 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate. 
New York 
Joined In 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
tit 
Aldrich Chan 
4& 
Vice President, 
New York 
years wdh the team 
Rafael Enrique; - Hestes 
©-
Associate. 
Now York 
Joined in 2018 
Adam Grano 
Partner - New Yak 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona: Lehman Brothers 
ChatterjeelSoros: Cowen 
BA. Celn.ne llimensey 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director - London 
ADIA, UBE. Deutsche Bank. Credit Suisse 
Folded:lye ()., 
Philippe Ferneini 
O
. 
ArN 
M
I
I
Vice President. 
London 
years %win the team 
Sheldon Lee 
040 
Analyst, 
London 
Jailed in 2018 
(hiring - 1O181 
[hiring -1O181 
410 
Vice President, Fund 
Controller. New York 
York 
ai
Role'. art year.. 
ul e,/„.,,k,,,,,. 
Partner - London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA. Curnbrdge Ulmer eh* 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor - London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo 8 Co 
MBA. unprorsrly 
• 
MA. Milan Limy. 
ri
Victoa Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the loam 
(lining - 1O181 
U 
Associate. 
London 
Maxine Turner 
0* 
Vice President, Tax, New 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the team 
Elena &thrown 
Vice President. 
London 
years ((AM the team 
Helena Turley 
0, 
Client Relations. 
London 
Reyoined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100360 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246544 
EFTA01394359

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394360.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394360.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(I) Priffennance figures 113‘re ben calculated tarred PEI the unaudted performance: results of SOF. SOF 0. SOF and SOF III as of September 30 2017 and shotad he mad and reviewed in conjunction sith the "Iniportart 
information and -dotes to PerformanceInkirmation" sectors of the presentation. Cron returns are press of fees. expenses arc carried etterest. Net performance reflecta amounts net of expenses tees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considerecrin evalinting this information. Past pedomnance is not a prediction of the futive performance of SOF. SOF ID SOF 
w. SOF III but fa Eltek1/4104 
dal:ion:watts the taloa record of the Glenloseer SOF Team and awn? can be no assurance that SOF IV silt re:fiance eornparaba, revAls or that my target nwilts volt tie acititeNci See 
important information on the Track Record' sectors of tics Pl'erSelliW0t1. 
(2) SOF 0 is a Euro denominated tint US$ v2Autiti have been converting at September 30. 21".it allollSt rate oft 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio - a well diversified portfolio of 2e private equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special situations. venture capital and real 
estate saatre(ges ≥: North Amer Eva. Europe and Asia The number ol kalttS arid companies IS a best estimate and WM'S* the agfaeserteOt &wi lt deal at ctosiesa LEW relay Eltek41) WIT'S double courting. 
fib IVPI 17 Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI if Distributions to Paid in Capital: IRR tr. Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100361 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246545 
EFTA01394360

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394361.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394361.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPI2
23x 
2.0x 
1.5x 
1.0x 
0.5x 
0.0x 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Otani* .50F Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
(1) Source: Cambridge Awl:rotes Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Thus information reflects a comparison of SOF. SOF D. SOF II & SOF III performance aoterist one benchmark only 
Past 
parianwarrot is na a turediaion c' the ititure performaree of SOF. SOF D, SOP 
Cit SOF III ttit nil larrlitied to demonstrate the trackierord of the rilllendower SOP Teem. Informthionlyesenied in this diets based on 
the unaudited results of SOF. SOF D. SOF if and $012 III as of September 30.'017 and should be read and reviewed er conjunction with the important Information' and -Notes to Intrestmerit Performance information" 
secitiOnS or ttett presentation 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Paid-In Capital, DPI = Distributions to PaidrIn Capital: Net IRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVFI and DPI are pooled return awiegating all cash flours and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
doier-vorighted Fetish. Nut IRRti ale nut of fees. wept:rises and carried titerest Cambridge Asst cietes research shows that 0166t funds take al least tek yeartio settle into then friar quartile ranking. and previousto gas 
st-Itang they typroally tar* in 24 othef quartiles. the. fore !coo or bent-'rack perfinsarr_or nietriCt :'cant more retir-rn yetlage years mar be Xtilei Miiiittnnigftn. Top quaniw is the thresrod fo the upper (top 
°A-r) quart* 
based on the individual fund IRRs included xi a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (mininnen (i4 funds) 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100363 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246547 
EFTA01394361

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394362.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394362.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterpnses 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 2017'-',•5
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public market indices 
40% 
35% - 
30% • 
25% - 
cr 
-20%-
15% - 
10% - 
5% - 
0% 
22% 
0% 
3% 
29% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
21% 
20% 
12% 
12% 
18% 
30% 
15% 15% 
12% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
SOF 11 (2011) 
SOF III (2014) 
■Glendower Net IRR 
MSCI World 
Russell 2000 
■Thomson Reuters 
______ I
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
23% 
I 
I 
15% 
9% 
SOF Program 
II) Performance figures have been calculated basso 
SOF. WE D. SOF 
• 
it OF III as of September 30. 2017 and shock₹ be read and reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important 
Information' and -Notes to Performance Informal:or 
• 
p -intcriiii: • 
Ci 
return; ant moss of 
expenses at carried siterest. Net peammance reflects amounts net of expenses. tees art yarded 
interest. Irreestois shook) consult with their own advisers as to the apPropriate colons to to comidelectin exattratino this information Past perlormanca la not a prediction of the future performance 01 SOF. SOF D SOF 
or SOF III but m included to demonstrate the track record of lhe Glendowei SOF learn and thew can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable resigns or that any target results will be atiseved See 
'Important. Information- and "Notes to investmert Porformance- sections of this presentaron 
MSCI World Index and Russell 2009 Irxte, rettinm are based on total return Thomson Retj ears Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on price. The
 beinelsmark indices do nut represent an abb.-aortae 
benchmark to compare the performance of the SOF Funds. but ratter isdisclosed solely to anw comparison to that of certain xesaiknenen and sodny recognized indices. 
(3) Methodology. The Long Nickels method has been used to r.acalite the PtsiEs. Net cash flows or the SOF Funds are ftwicaled in each illaCk. For exhirt(Itt. RI when capital is drawn horn an investor. an equivaktnt 
arsouril is if's:Jilted in tea; index on the speaftc data: and 
when capital 
cfstrefutcwi to an irmaylci ads; is -withdrawn" from the rider on the same <bite. A thebtelvail terrnmal yalte is generate-d based on the growth 
of the total index Net IRR 
calculated marine caohflok replicated n the irdex and the theoretical teiminalv9lue. Recallable distributions have been treated using the 'all in mennid' 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100364 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246548 
EFTA01394362

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394363.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394363.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
min
SOF 
—SOF 11 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
20% 
-40% 
-60% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
OA 
1.6X 
1.4X 
I 2x 
1.0x 
0.8,c 
0.5x 
4X 
02X 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
-$PF 
seem`.SOF JI 
80iS 
40'.% — 
20% 
ESOP 
•••
•$OF 4 
......w5C3F HI 
I 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
2.0s 
54 
1.0.4 
ook 
13 15 It 19 21 23 25 
r 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
SOF 
--SOF 
1t 
---SOF III 
Quartets fromincepton 
Caters t romneeption 
(1) Performance figures have been calotaated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. -SOF II and SOF III as of September '30. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Importatt 
Inks mation" and Notes to Per lormance Information sections of this presentation. Past performance is not a predkatai of lutive returns and there can tie no assurance that S0F IV will acNeve comparable results or Mat 
any target results:ell pie actseved There is no guarantee Met Mute pgettrinharce will be conststent with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF lg. Performance intimation 
rip 
on SOF D has not teen included on tivit 
stle because SOF 0 is a single transaction top.up fund raised in 2010 to Ullfierfilite pa
assu the Da Irin hu
a 
rroction with SOF. Glendower does not espect that similar liam.artions will be available to S0F IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100365 
SDNY_GM_00246549 
EFTA01394363

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394364.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394364.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS1 29 DF Enterpnses 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100366 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246550 
EFTA01394364

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394365.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394365.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181
Fund Size 
(USS000) 
L 
..., 
.‘ 
• 
• 
• 
Levered beta play 
PE market index 
Volume-driven 
10,000  
<S1bin 
$1-3bn 
• >$3bn 
• Glendower Capital 
3,000 
• Alpha play 
M 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
• Low barriers to entry 
a 
Cis ' 
r 
S 
• Smaller deals 
Local sourcing 
,..1
• Very competitive 
? 
O
O 
O 
O 
O 
c;
O 
100 
1996 
•
SOF III 
,... b 
1—il 
/ 
. ,,
— 
: 
. 
I 
SOF II 
tikk 
t. 
il ri
SO.; 
and SOF D 
O 
:),
 Cl ., 
fr.:, ,1
O 
riii 
14.
ti 
..,
C 
r  
o 
O 
o
o 
o 
ps 
.%. 
c 
el 
O 
Q 
C: 
P, 
c 
c'. 
• 
SOF IV 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>50 players 
(1; Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source: Pfeil') database end Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2012. Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100367 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246551 
EFTA01394365

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394366.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394366.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
• Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
• Mid-market GP-led deals of USS100-250m 
• Single-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
• Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
• Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market risk' 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
• Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
• Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
• Average 20% discount to FMV 
• Average -80% funded at time of entry 
ill Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. There can be no asstrance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. Further. Glendower may modify its portfolio constriction cnteria at and 
time aryl in any fswingirth m it LA, Wives to be f.fonsneent %Mtn iw overoli investmentrAddivN in response to market corulitions or other l*:ftorit withuit notice to irrrestors. 
information prodded as at September 30, 2017 Thee can be no assurance that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will be avoided. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246552 
DB-SDNY-0 100368 
EFTA01394366

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394367.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394367.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDOSt 29 DF Enterprises 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
Markets 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
Glendower Capital 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
0; 
es, i,: !.,i!i“Cf market 2.turns based on vex, triarkeit intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried inter,st. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance trines have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performarice recut. and shoald be read and revtewed 
conpalction vedh the 'Importers Inforrnaon" and 'Notes
the investment Perforrnanc-s' sections 
t hea preeentatiqt Er* above investment Perlormarr.e' 
section in particular Includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to 
 per
 descrbed
 Past performance rs no te
a 
of the lutuie p.erformance 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246553 
DB-SDNY-0 100369 
EFTA01394367

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394368.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394368.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile  
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
- Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
- Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional acquisition of a LP interest 
- An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary dealflow 
- Glendower has developed an extensive track records over 15 transactions with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2
- In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
- In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
- Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of interests between the GP and Glendower: 
Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried interest structure 
- Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, recapitalizations, etc. 
- Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
- underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value creation 
l) As ct Sept;entv "S). . 2017. Performance figures have been cricuWed based on tbe tnaudifed performance results and should be read and revieeed in sonserchon vAh the -important Infcgroatr.in' and 'Wiles to tee 
Investment Performance' sections of this presentation, he 'Notes to Investment Performance section in particular includes. among other things. a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
irnrx>rtard.guidelires and lintaaborsasto the performanoe described abase Past performance 
r≥r a is:edict-tun of the filtrol DOr[04rerattb. 
(2) Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF 0, SOF It and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100370 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246554 
EFTA01394368

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394369.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394369.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSi 29 DF Enterpnses 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USSebn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source- Glete . Capital prorsietaiy information as at 15 Meth 2018. r4i.--nber of trane.ecicos Inokeies tolluw-on irpreerneils armi splits out transactions wtt;ch have, been cznataialed in one, &Id for rer.twlinr; 
pcirpolea 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100371 
SDNY_GM_00246555 
EFTA01394369

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394370.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394370.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund 
Modigliani 
(SOF II) 
Deal Size / 
Discounts 
US$38m 
34% 
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
funds 
225 assets 
Global 
Seller 
European 
family offices 
Description 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
• Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
-01 
Zi 
.2> 
Whitney 
USS64m 
fund 
US 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
(SOF II) 
27% 
assets 
pension fund • US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • 
• 
Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
V 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 len d ()Wet' 
 C3f)11,11I 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100372 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246556 
EFTA01394370

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394371.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394371.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Description 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
Om 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100373 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246557 
EFTA01394371

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394372.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394372.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLD0S129 DF Enterprises 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower C-apitri analysis. and own estheates based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & f_ktlook, January 2018: G•eertrill GP S.:Rarer* DIscr.Ntwn fMterats. May 2017: and Dow Jon-es Rrvater
ty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = FtneCaSt There is Elowagmitee the eVirnate fiFhliatted welnt erraze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or itttarante$, of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100375 
SDNY_GM_00246559 
EFTA01394372

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394373.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394373.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And increased propensity to trade 
Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion' 
US$bn 
3.000 
2,500 - 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 - 
500 - 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Ni Unrealised portfoho value 
Dry powder 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2
2.2% • 
2.0% • 
1.8% 
1.6% • 
1.4% 
1.2% • 
1.0% 
0.8% • 
0.6% • 
0.4% 
0.2% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As % of total PE assets 
(1) Source: 2018 Pregin Gobs! Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 values as at June. 
(2) Source- Glendower Capital lased on 2uta Preqin 12.4obal Priate Equity & Venture Capnal Repc.it. Greenhill Secondary Pil iwket Tres 
W
cts &
ok ..i.s
, 
mary IS; 
arci Dow Jarvis Private &net? Anais: 
Gu e to the 
Seconckary Market. June 2017. 
id 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100376 
SDNY_GM_00246560 
EFTA01394373

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394374.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394374.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
n 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
Pricing 
110 
100 
Overheated marketin 2006 and 2007 
Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
% of NAV 
108 
104 
Few transactions dosed at this pricing 
Mostly unfunded LP interests 
Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
- 
Stable for 7 years at 80-90ca 
Annual volume USSbn 
.93 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Secondary market volume 
.•iiiiiiii..Secondary market pricing 
Bubble 
Crisis 
Normalized 
Set- 
Glandower eapital analysis at  estimates hissed en Giceritill Sece-^ndery Market Trans & Outlook izetti 
• 
Cegerit Pedro:is Sacendary kiwket "Dards & Curb*..k.sty :2014.; Coye 
Partners Secondwy 
Market Update, March Werg. aid Dow Jones Private Equky Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market. June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100377 
SDNY_GM_00246561 
EFTA01394374

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394375.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394375.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDLISt 29 DF Enterprises 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supply'... 
... but dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
US$bn 
140
120 
100 - 
• 
125 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
it) Source: Glendower Capital estim:i 
(2? $ource. Glendowee t".ada€ ett!,
Report 20'8. 
Glendower 
Capital 
US$bn 
700 
600 
500 
400 
300 
200 
100 
Dry Powder 
• Deal volume 
<1- Cry Fbw der 
Deal Volurre 
Secondaries 
3.7x 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhil Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 2018. 
on 2018 Preget Gietal Nato Fcrety & \immure Capital Repent: Greenhill Sacceidary Pricsnp Trans & analysis. January 2018 and Bain & Company Global Private Eqtats 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246562 
DB-SDNY-0100378 
EFTA01394375

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394376.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394376.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
1.11 Soarer ar17 Prettin GotirA Private Eourry S Venture Capital Reoon. 
1.2) fiance. Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Outlook. January• 2018 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100379 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246563 
EFTA01394376

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394377.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394377.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Grand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
looking to provide a 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
l3C Partners 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
YE C:7 
One EcpåIty Partners 
WARSUR6Plytaxc
DNUANCED
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
DUKE 
STREET 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
g•
 RAI] 
cny zit 
Sb
GMT 
Zurmont Madison 
STAGE 
ZOMBIE GPs 
US5bn 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• .. 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(I; 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Gueenhil Secondary Marker!' ends 3 Outlook. January 2013. and Dow Jones Private Equity Anislyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 20I 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100380 
SDNY_GM_00246564 
EFTA01394377

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394378.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394378.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS1 29 DF Enterpnses 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100381 
SDNY_GM_00246565 
EFTA01394378

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394379.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394379.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Investment strategy 
Vintage 
2014 
Fund size 
US$1.654m 
Gross invested capital 
1.931m 
Performance as of September 30. 2077 
Capital called 
1.036m 
Distributions. net 
316m 
0.30x 
Remaining NAV 
1.026m 
0.99x 
Total net return 
US$1.342m 
30x 
30% 
58% 
Asset geography 
Vintage year 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
44% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
12% 
17% 
11% 
nu II 
10% 
26% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
24% 
2007 - 2008 
2009 -2011 
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
Sector composition 
As at September ?O. 2017. Past perforrritsv.-Lt is not a pare:brave of intleator 4.9 ilitE6 results  and theft' can be no assurance that Uw kind snit nhievo ountpseable results 
yin page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Information" and 'Notes to Irrrestment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Consumer 
Healthcare 
I* 
Industrials 
co 
Real Estate 
Financial Services 
Business Services 
CI
Technology 
 Communications & Media 
li
3% 
Natural Resources 
5%1i Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100382 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246566 
EFTA01394379

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394380.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394380.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
e
HIGHSTAR d CA.P:TAL 
()NMI,
ANE 
PAWNER::
Real Estate 
COLONY 
NORTHSTAR 
Morgan Stanley 
A RC O REAL ESTATE 
Amadeus Capital Partners 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30. 2017. 
KKR 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
rcv 
octopus veriz,..res 
Paiamon 
Glendower 
Capital 
Gilds 
Buy Out 
Patton 
. iiF. Rt. i 
. Pollen 
7.1— Street 
• 
Capital 
DUKE 
STREET 
STA,G E 
tisj
Lou. POINT CAPITAL 
Capital 
GMT 
*45,13,6 
'Quadrangle 
Zumont Madison 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SMITHFI E 
ET 
ENHANCED 
EQUITY 
FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100383 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY_GM_00246567 
EFTA01394380

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394381.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394381.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF IV - Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Expected Closing Date: 
April 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
SeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
ca. $100m 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
7% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
US 
0/0 funded at close 
100% 
Industries 
Consumer 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive mid-
market investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
- Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
- The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
- GP with strong track record 
- Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
- Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
- Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
For disc-imam piaposes or y The in:a:Or:ant piesereed above I . 
cliose-d. and there is no guarantee that st., 
investmeol 
chi-nab:4e or forni pail of liAire invested portif ici or that it 
al:allot:4pr. after lute' 
due diligence. prove suitable for ;OF DI. This slide should be read end reviewed in conjunction with the Important Information and "Important Perfre mance Intommhon and Notes to Investment Fedormance sections. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100385 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246569 
EFTA01394381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394382.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Expected Closing Date: 
June 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
NeGP-led Secondary 
K Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
E60-100m (US$80-120m) 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
>5% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
Europe / UK 
0/0 funded at close 
80% 
Industries 
Business services / Healthcare services 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 mid-
market pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
- Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
- The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
- Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
- Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
Investment rationale 
- Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
- Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
Foi discmskin ocaposes or y The in:a:samara pr 
reed above I . s. 
close-d. arxi them is no guarantas that st. iiirstestineq 
crinplcae or roan pad o 
lueire IFIVApSteci p0ftl0414, 04 that it will be avaliatrie pr. aftei fultrRi 
due diligence. prove suitable for SOF tV This slide should be reed end ieviewed in conjunction with the 'Imponent Information and "Important Perfra mane Information and 'Notes to Investment Periormance sections 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100386 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246570 
EFTA01394382

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394383.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394383.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
STR CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100387 
S0NY_GM_00246571 
EFTA01394383

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394384.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394384.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 29 DF Enterpnses 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
≥-eatie read the conistent-A private plev)ament memorandum of the Fin) 4Ite -Merporarskirs") or the ail trawl: wee of risk far tors. conflicts of reeves?). ctins)kne terms, aril regulatory and tav considerationsof the Fund. 
For hither Atilt:mum of lees, such as lees and e4%enses paid by the Fund. please refer to the Memorandum, the amended aryl restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence to 
r 
dootspents are in the process of being prepared and will be made available to prospectez investors upon retNest. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unhanded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100388 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246572 
EFTA01394384

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394385.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394385.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner, ILPA = hi5titunonal Limited Partner Assomition The full guidelines ran be fcrun<I at htlpftilps orgrprincipIesarersic-
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100389 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246573 
EFTA01394385

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394386.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394386.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS1 29 DF Enterpnses 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFDENTiAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100390 
SDNY_GM_00246574 
EFTA01394386

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394387.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394387.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterpnses 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIR210-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank: CDB Web 
Tech: General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
Based in London. Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with USS13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and co-
investments. Before Deutsche Bank. Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Glendower 
Capital 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank: Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Grinithndge University. 
AC MA 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's 66 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology. Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Colgate UniverS4y 
Based in New York. Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank. Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
Cambridge Univerm 
Based in London. Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bark in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006. he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100391 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246575 
EFTA01394387

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394388.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394388.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank. ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
aeon-I. University of South 
Africa: CA ISA) 
Based in London. Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the arid and the business. 
Prior to Glendower. Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA. SA). 
Glendower 
•xxx•
 Capital 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank. Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital. CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
."ii. Tufts University 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower. Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then. Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital. a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe. Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS. Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse. Lafarge 
MSc. HEC Pans: ME tv.I. 
Per/tech= Univ. ot 
Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the 
origination. valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe. 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that. Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid. Spain. 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gab & Co. 
University or Chicago 
-Broth: KA: Milan University 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co•irwestment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006. and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E Ebillion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co.. 
an Italian merchant bane where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100392 
SONY GM_00246576 
EFTA01394388

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394389.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394389.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BOA. George Washington 
University. MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
• • * • •
Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
Economies and 
V 
r :agement, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
fir 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
5S Finance. New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom P 3(Si 
MBA Ciscago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
s•r* :z'..7,"r• 
CONF7)ENTAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100393 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00246577 
EFTA01394389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394390.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation. execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
vatting, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012. Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Glendower 
Capital 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit. where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in London. Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015. having achieved first class 
honors. 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE. 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in New York. Doug sisworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group. and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance. having 
achieved University Honors. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100394 
SDNY_GM_00246578 
EFTA01394390

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394391.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394391.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
ElSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Buckneli 
University 
Based in New York. Rafael sisworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to pining Glendower Capital. Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acqtarptions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
Management, 
industrial Emineering. 
Natiormle Supelietre 
Mines de Nancy.
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London. in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. Sweden. and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy. France. 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and klAce, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team. first as financial controller and 
then as the Chef Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin - Madison. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance. 
Deutsche Bank. Grant Thornton 
Based in London. Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital. Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011.13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (Hone) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003. and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100395 
SDNY_GM_00246579 
EFTA01394391

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394392.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394392.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50m 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
(I The number of investors includes ell investors in WE III with comnstments over U8-$2m The total number of investors, indistinct those rivestirg Plough is [sate wealth feeder funta. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100396 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246580 
EFTA01394392

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394393.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394393.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital'
Funded capital' 
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies'
41554n) 
(USSm) 
closing 
Portfolio detail 
1. Porter 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
144.9 
117.2 
14 
1.9x 
US - and -market buyoul 
2- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Feamial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
3- Malcolm 
Lirnited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
14 
1.0x 
ROW -buyout 
4- Costa 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyoul 
5- Diamond 
Limited Process 
Allornatnt Funds 
Fund Secondary 
23.0 
9.7 
15 
1.6x 
Global - diversified 
6- Mozart 
Proprietary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7- Leibowitz 
Proprietary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
15 
1.2x 
Europe - growth equity 
8- 
POSCOli 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Assel Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
15 
0.0x 
Global - buyout 
9- Clegane 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.7 
14.7 
15 
1.8x 
US 
mid-market buyout 
10- Steinbeck II 
Limited Process 
Mull* 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
15 
1.2x 
Global -diversified 
11- Menem: 
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
15 
2,9x 
Global - real estate 
12- Neon 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
15 
1.2x 
Europe - real estate 
13- Genzaga 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.3 
15.1 
15 
1.0x 
Europe - mkt-ntarkel buyout 
14- Drive 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
176 
15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
15- Flute 
Linsted Process 
SwF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
15 
1.4x 
Global - buyout 
16- Iskar 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
16 
2.3x 
Europe - real estate 
17- Bosch 
Limited Process 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
16 
1.5x 
Global 
diversified 
18- Staccato 
Propnetary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
16 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
19- Rose 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
16 
1.0x 
Europe - mid market buyout 
20- Janos 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
16 
1.2x 
US - mid-market buyout 
21- Aurum 
Proprietary 
Allernatrre Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
16 
0.7x 
Europe - mid-market taryoul 
22- Laurel 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
101.6 
40.7 
16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversifed 
23- Tower I 8 II 
Landed Process 
Multiple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
16 
1.7x 
US - mod market buyout 
24- Falco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
25- Peak 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
16 
1.2x 
Europe - mid-markel buyout 
26- Amy 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
16 
1.8x 
Global - drversified 
27- Chaucer 
Proprietary 
Fund Secondary 
1549 
81.6 
17 
1.0x 
Europe 
growth equity 
28- Westerns 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
17 
1.2x 
US - mid-markol buyout 
29- Eddard 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
17 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
30- Sutherland 
Landed Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
17 
1.6s 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
31- Christophe 
Proprietary 
(WA 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
17 
0.9x 
Global - real estate 
32- Newton 
Untied Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
968 
118.0 
4.4 
17 
4.1x 
US - drrersifed 
33- Mitchell 
Proprietary 
Public lo Private 
Single Asset Deal 
32.0 
31.9 
17 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
34- Gini 
Proprietary 
Family Office / HNW 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
17 
1.0x 
US - Mid-Merkel buyout 
35- Artemis 
Landed Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
17 
4 
10.5 
1.3x 
Eur.. - mid-market b 
SOF III Closed 
Total 
149 
2,837 
1,931.2 
1162.6 
1.4x 
Cl/ Numbs, of cisrepanies. are In eNimate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF Ill is 1.3x. 
C31 The punformarice figures have been calculated based on unauetted fair Sthres and storid be 'cad and reviewed in conjunction ;MS; the 'imp. ...tarit Lnaartnation' and linprtant Performance nionnatice SOCItUr 
performance is not a guerartee or indicator of future results. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100397 
SONY_GM_00246581 
EFTA01394393

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394394.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394394.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
2011 
Fund size 
US$614m 
Gross invested capital 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
1.16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
0.37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
1.53x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
II 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
16% 
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
GrovAh Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 -2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 -2015 
Sector composition 
lall. 
Industrials 
al
. Consumer 
Business Services 
Technology 
As at &Wernher ?O. 2017. Past perfornim-a-tt is not a guarantee or indicator ri future results . and them can be no assutarica that the fund will achieve cornptsable tesults 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infonnation" and 'Notes to truestment Peiformance‘ sections of this Presentation 
lall 
Healthcare 
1/1 
Financial Services 
Ill
Natural Resources 
Real Estate 
II 
3k
Communications & Media 
5% Ill 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100398 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246582 
EFTA01394394

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394395.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394395.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller typo 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested capital?
(USErn) 
Funded capital/
(USlan) 
Intial 
closing 
Gross 
multiple' 
Portia° dur.ri 
1- 
Mono 1, 11 
Landed Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary y Single Asset Deal 
46.8 
45.8 
11 
7x 
Europe - buyout 
2- 
Beethoven 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP4od Secondary 
27.1 
26.9 
11 
1.6x 
Europe - 9e:with equity 
3- 
Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.2 
2 
11 
3.0x 
Europe - late stage venture 
4- 
Giant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.1 
11 
1.8x 
US - mezzanine 
5- 
Hemingway 
United Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
16.4 
16.4 
11 
1.0x 
US - special situations 
6- 
ModOXiiii I-V E RE 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
225 
38.4 
37.1 
12 
2.0x 
Global - diversified 
8- 
Hockney 
Limited Process 
Allematrve Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
8.1 
12 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
9- 
Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
9.4 
8A 
0312 
It 
Europe -mezzanine 
10- Hopper 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
15.1 
14.1 
12 
it 
US - mid-market buyout 
11- Donatelb 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund Secondary 
3.0 
3.0 
12 
1.1X 
US- mezzanine 
12- 
Pollock 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
13.4 
13.1 
12 
2.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
13- 
Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension Fund 
Fund Secondary 
64.0 
21.5 
12 
2.9x 
Europe - buyout 
IS- Constable 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
26.1 
24.3 
13 
1.2x 
Europe - buyout 
16- Cecconi 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Fent/ office 
Fund Secondary 
12.8 
11.0 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
17- 
Bailey 
Proprietary 
Alternate° Funds 
GRIed Secondary 
30.2 
30.5 
13 
2.4X 
Europe - growth equity 
18- 
Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
971 
81.7 
13 
124 
Global - diversified 
19- Guardi 
Limited process 
HNW/ Fansty office 
Fund Secondary 
II 
140 
13.3 
11.8 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
21- Windmill 1. II 
Proprietary 
Cot potato 
Single Asset Deal 
22.7 
20.5 
14 
0.74 
Europe - growth equity 
23- Browning 
Limited Process 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
8.8 
7.1 
14 
1.9x 
US -diversified 
24- 
lonesco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
27.7 
25.8 
14 
2.8x 
Europe - buyout 
25- Zampiori 
Proprietary 
Caporal° 
Single Asset Deal 
238 
23.4 
14 
1.6* 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
26- Fitzgerald 
Syndication 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
150 
15.0 
14 
1.4x 
US - buyoul 
28- 
F'oder 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
74.7 
80.4 
14 
12x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
I 
10.0 
10.0 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
30- 
Abets 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
11.8 
10.6 
14 
1.3x 
Europe - growth equity 
31- Laurel 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
452 
19.0 
18 
2.0x 
Europe - diversified 
SOF II 
Total 
737 
668.1 
551 7 
1.73 
Nuinbei of compzeiiirs. are bei4 eMirnale 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TYPO for SOF II is 1.5x. 
cif The performarictb Tiptoes Fa-re been caloulatett based on zeciudXed fair Values and stimid be read and re.yievred in t.or lnctiul wttt ti-4 'Important Information' and "linr.x...roint Perkirmance 
isectOi.a of this 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100399 
SONY GM_00246583 
EFTA01394395

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394396.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394396.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterpnses 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
05x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FfsiV= Fair Market Vette 
Past perfonname. is milt a atlasestee ar €ndicstor of future resits, mid tee can be no assurance that the fund wilt achieve cornparattis 'avails. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the important Information' and -Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
CI 
Other 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100400 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246584 
EFTA01394396

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394397.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394397.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 DF Enterpnses 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital:
Funded capital:
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Soler type 
Deal type 
Funds 
COmpanies' 
(USSrn) 
CloSsig 
, 
multiple 
Portfobo detail 
1- Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205 3 
166.0 
07 
2.04 
US I Europe - diversified 
2- SIAM 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset Deal 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.0x 
Europe - buyout 
3- Constellation 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP4ed Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
094 
US / Europe - grotith equity 
4- Cram 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.74 
Europe - special situahons 
5. Freedom 
Syndication 
Pension 
GP-Iiid Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6- Pigeon 
Limrted Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24,7 
Cidi 
1.34 
US - mid-market buyout 
7- Hoover I` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
0.4 
08 
94 
US / ASta 
deersified 
8- Hoover
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
8.8x 
US - mezzanine 
9- Amadeus I 
Limited Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.4x 
Europe - buyout 
10- Hoover III' 
Limited Proce&s, 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.8x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
11- Aladeosll
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.3x 
Europe - buyout 
12- Hoover IV` 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
a 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
13- Hoover V1
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.74 
US -- mezzanine 
14/21- Bach 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.0x 
Europe - venture capital 
15- Hoover VI' 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
Ot 10 
1.74 
US / Europe - mid-market buyout 
16- Hoover vie 
Proprietary 
hiNVY/Fanuly office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.44 
US - mid-market buyout 
17- Hoover VIII` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Mice 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
18- DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.04 
US / Europe - diversified 
19- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
294 
10 
94 
US / Europe - mezzanrie 
20- Hoover IX.
Proprietary 
IINW/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US Europe - diversified 
SOF 
Sub Total 
154 
1.774 
5488 
433.3 
tit 
DeVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
10 
3.04 
US! Europe - diversified 
SOF ;mil SOF 
Total 
154 
1,774 
686 9 
530 5 
Number of comr,. 
are ben enimate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is detuaiized as purchase price pit.d Unfunded obligations Fu-rvied caprtal is the amount funded if each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Concerted Iran EUR to UST using a rate of 1.1821 
O) The perfortnanr,e figures are haired on unaudited fair values and shcsnd be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important Performance Information- sections. Gross returns are prose of 
lees, reawerears and awned interest, which are not charred at tlw irwestnwnt level so perlormance is nr.0 er4pectiril to in fripteSfneeteice Of itiVeRibleft IStUrr-4 to inV6SEUIS. investors 241(riati CO11134.4( wtth theirvan ,advisees 
asto the improptrate factors to be considered in ever:Fa:mg this information. Past performance s not a pedrMion of future performance, but 0 a included to demonstrair the trac record of the Glerciower SOF leam and. 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or Met any target results will be achieved. 
(43 Hoover trans-actions (opulent the invetIrnente rocide by SOF via a s,mr6al purpose vehicle i'SPV") attracting ciddkional arc.muntinc, and administrative expenses The actual performance for the SFV may be lower than 
the performance of the indnridual uwesimentss because nit the additional amounting and adMirosIr atm', expenses The aggregate net multiple of this SPV, Including the lees and expenses is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100401 
SONY_GM_00246585 
EFTA01394397

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394398.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394398.pdf
----------------------------------------
OLDUStea OF Enterprises 
Important Information (1/2) 
This contidentiai persentation (this "Presentation") is being made available tu you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the Uniteo ethedien 
frinomial Conduct Atilhonly, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are inanaged or advised by Glendower, ineluding in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation e 
made available but thet Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is not en offer to sell. nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicilaten. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if made. may not be relied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to wielded investors on a confidential basis al thew 
request. The Information contained in this Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified In its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. Investments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before cletedine to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk charactenstice of the Fund's investments 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Siesse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Suissee). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and viriti not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prornuated thereunder t'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. material. or information that Credit Suisse provides tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor Rule ("Covered Party) are provWed en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary lo the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, material. or 
information provided to them by Credit Sui8se Credit Suisse also wie net soled a Covered Party for direct or indirect ceinwisalion on behaa of an unaffiliated investment &Mser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that Investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower er ifs afeirates as te the accuracy or completeness of any iniermalion supplied herein. 
Unless otherease stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or veri6eci by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny representation or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept strictly confidential and may not he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwihs€anding the foreeeirra. each 
investor and prospeclive investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation or any kind, the tae treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. protieed. however, that such disclosure shalt not include the name ror other identifying inloimation not relevant to the lax structure or tae treatment) of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100402 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246586 
EFTA01394398

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394399.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394399.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily iudisative ui futue results and thoe can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund veil equal oI 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement its investment :zibelines or achieve 
investment objectives 'The Fue-cles investment strategy and aplicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
(endower lias invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and ; or belief contained in this Presentation and al views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to eepectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct. that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors will receive a return of their capital. 
in addttion, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional informations correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any addit'nal informaten to you. Accordingty, to the fullest extent possible subject to applicable aw. none of z..endowei or its 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential), damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by any per soon as a result of relying on any statement in, or ontlssion hone this Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements tecluding. without timitation. projectens of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon current esstimptiunts may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or Its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materialty different from any forecast, iwinion or valuation hems. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in such Feed. The information contained in this presentaten has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees. assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information 
See the 'Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important information regarding perfo.r. mance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affiliates and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shall not treat this Presentadon as tar. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to the Reopen! of this information and this inlormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial abikty and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R CTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100403 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246587 
EFTA01394399

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394400.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394400.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment but no! including any GP-ted Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires "Fund Secondary' means (a) an Interest held directly or Indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of hinds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause faj shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn claws, or committed to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate commitments. and provided that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause tbj shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment f.eriod that is easred (other than for follow-on investments) sha€ be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be deteimined to be an Early Stage Investment 
"GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. L.P DS Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and OS Secondary Oppodundies Fund C. L.P. 
"SCiF D" means OB Secondary Opportundes Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodundes Fund ii, L.
"SOF lir means Seconder/ Opportunities Fund el. LP 
"SOF Funds," *SOF Program: or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III. 
'SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock maiket index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"Mel Wor€d index' The MSC' World index is a broad global equity benchrnaik that represents large and mid-cap equ€y pertormance across 23 developed marteets countries. 0, covers approsimalely 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private equity buyout asset class by constructing a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investthg directly in private equity tans 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
5C.) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100404 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246588 
EFTA01394400

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394401.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394401.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-oft from Deutsche Beni and its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank nii August 1.2017 and established Glendower Capital: LLP and its affiliates (together. Miismiceee 
o:, 
independent private equity tun owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets The performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date. including the time prior to the formation of Glendower. when the team were employees of Deutsche Bank In evaluating 
the track record. each Recipient should note that 0) Carlo Pirzio-Efircri and Charles Smith have been permanent voting rnembers of the SOP Funds investment comnettees since inception: (ii) Chi 
Cheung. Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception. they were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members since January 2013: (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at different times on the investment comrmttees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making precess in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and evj in connection with the investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited ("DAAMIG)Le) and provided to Glendower and relates le the SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers andior investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Geertiower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulati
s. rules and guidelines. including: but not limited to, the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular. Rule 204-2 thereunder, and DAAMiGe. takes no responsibility for the use of such performance information try Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 2017. are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein and unless otherwise Indicated, 'Gross IRR" and Net 
IRR" shall mean an aggregate, compound. annual, gross or net as applicable. internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash fiches. Calculations are presented based on actual:ash tows 
to and from limited partners All IRtis are presented on a -gross' basis unless otherwise slated 
, they do not reflect the priority profit share, carried interest. taxes, transaction costs in connection 
wall the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are Lorne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce rattans and, in the aggregate: are expected to be 
substantial) Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit share. feinted interest, taxes. trartsakin costs and other fees and expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors. 
Including as a result of an investors domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR In respect of the SOF Funds Is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. Returns refer:I purchase price netting n all instances where subscription credit lines. payment deferrals. and permanent fund borrowing have been utlized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to dale. Distributions to Paid-In Capital (-DPI"( represents aggregate distributions to Investor; in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions tothe SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital i*RVPI-) represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held wither the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. net of the SOF Funds' carrOd interest. management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital 
TVPI =DPI 4- RVPI Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the relevant investment hind. My such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the cecurrtstannes. the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors. future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposrtion. any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sate, all of which may 
differ from ere assumptions on which the valuarions used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly. the actual malted returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets') presented herein are based on Glendower's views regarding the returns on investments that such funds may be able to achieve durinu their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being reviewed or have recently been reviewed. 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions and market fluctuation or recovery The Targets are also based on models. estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
invest-nem. €ndividual investments made by such funds rray have anticipated returns below or above the Targets The Targets are hypothetical and are neither a guarantee nor a predreion or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the funds to tail to meet thee Targets. As with other gross returns. gross Targets do not reflect the priority profit share. 'carried 
interest,' taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantal. 
Glendower 
Capita{ 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100405 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246589 
EFTA01394401

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394402.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394402.pdf
----------------------------------------
OLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the .AiFMD"). the Fund will constitute an EU AiF (as defined in the AlieMDi whose AIF M (as defined in the AiFMD) is the 
Manager. tse€f art EU AlFki Except as provided below in eispect of the specific Illetthet states listed, this Presentation and any other dote—tants or mater a< reeled to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase. of the interests in the Fund, shall only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are 'professional investors'. For these purposes. a 'professional investor' is a person who is considered to bee professional pint or who may. on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning ot Anne II to Directive 200.1e39rEC. 
AiFMD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member State') which has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (Directive (201.1;61/EU)) (the 'AIFMD") (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be distnbtrted and interests in the Fund may only he offered or placed In a Member State to the e ent that: (I) 
the Fund is perrnittel to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD as implemented into the local taw/regulation of the relevant Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise he lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may otherwise be awlirlly offered or placed in that Member Slate (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State or the EEA which, at the date of this presentation. has not implemented AiFMD. this presentation may only be distributed arid interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative or the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes investment legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances. or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or will be profitable. There is no ouarantee concerning the achievement of investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients Si Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (the `Act) and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (ll) (respectively of the Act In respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 61) or Pail 7.C1 of the Act It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure 5:tail...mein or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation Is not required to. and does not. contain all the information which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor G it required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Tne funds referred to in these materials 
are oat registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia. Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. are not authorized deposiblakina institutions for the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of such Credit Suisse entities or the lends. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibCy for its contents. No offer tc the public to purchase the Funds interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not and under no circumstances is to be construed as. a prospectus. an advertisement. a public 
offering. an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein.
Glendower 
Capital 
S•F'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100406 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246590 
EFTA01394402

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394403.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394403.pdf
----------------------------------------
OLDLIS1 ea OF Enterprises 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to. licensee et pet nailed by Autoriti Merietan Brune Derussalam. Nor has it been registered with the Registrar of Companies. nits 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an mere-aeon or offer to the pub€ic As such. it toast nab be distributed or redistributed to and may not be re€ed upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom if is directly communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Market Order. 2013 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in Canada who qualify to be a 'permitted client' within the meaning National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Feeemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the infonnation contained herein references securities of an suer incorporated. termed or created under the beds of Canada or a 
province Or temerity of Canada, any Lades in or advice regarding such securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests 
For persons in Chile. All or song of the offered securities may have not been regsterc-d with the Supenntendentea de Valores y Seguros ("SYS') pursuant to law no 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities nor registered with the Sertif may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of. or an invitation to subscribe for or puravase. the securities in the Republic ef Chike other than to indivdua€y identified investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article a of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public). For additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities. please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer tor, or sale of. any interest or investment will be made to the public in the Peeples Republic of China ('PRO'). or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRO government approvals. it is the investors responsibility to ensure that it has obtained afi necessary PRO government approvals to purchase any interest. participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory Or investment tronagement services. 
For persons In Colombia, This marketing material does not constitute a public offer in the Republic of Colombia ff is being distributed under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under ripper:able Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the Management Company/issues have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia Potential Colombian investors should make their own decision whether this financial preoluct meet thew investment objectives and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
Investor should make its own Inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers. Including the merits and risks involved. arid as to leoal. tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombon residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial andlor securities related products or services in Colombia. Accordingly. the products may on be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2565 of 2010 and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regu€ations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be conentiefeatee to 
arrestors within the meaning of the article D411 1 of the Monetary Financial Code (Code Mcinetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or authonzed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is Intended to constitute financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests Is 
being made in Nadi arid no agreement relating to the sale of the interests will be concluded in Hate 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100407 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246591 
EFTA01394403

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394404.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394404.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any interest and/or investment referred to in this Presereeiron has not been approved by the Securities anti Hewes 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any Interests or se:unties may not be offered or sold and have net been uttered or sold in Hoeg Kong. by means et any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors- as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a -prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622) of Hong leong or which do not constitute an offer to the ()mac within the meaning of that Ordinance, and it') no 
person has issued or had In itc possession ter the purposes of issue. and will not issue or have el ix possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or etewtiere. any advertisement. 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which ks directed at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by. the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than With respect to any interests or SeCtiritieS which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 'professional 
investors- within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel Securities Authority arid will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute 'an offer to the 
public' under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law. 572s-1968 ("the Securities Lay.'i or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law. 5756-1994 (-the joint Investment Trusts Law"). as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products 
are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum (*the Addendum') to the Securities LAW; ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or mutual trust hinds. provident funds, insurance 
companies, banking corperations (purchasing Pro-tic:Es For themselves or for clients who are Sophistieated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing Products far then"selves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for themselves). members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing Products tor themselves). venture caMtal tends engaging mainly in the capital market, an entity wthich is wholly owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations. (other than fanned for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer). with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 million. and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 0 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account. in respect of which at least one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Adviee Law) and securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid .Assets') exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million), their level of income over each of the preceding two years exceeds MS 1.2 million (approximately 1.200,000). or the level of income of their -family unit exceeds 
NIS 1 8 million (approximately E300,121>0); or the aggregate Value of all their LYjuid Assets exceeds NIS 5 mil on (approximately Er3,30,C00i and their level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100.000). or the level of income ot their 'family unit' exceeds NIS 000,000 (approximately £150.000), each as defined in the said Addendum. as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated investors. and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or ether exemptions of the Joint Irreestment Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines. 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been sent Any &three who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the can or intention of distributino er offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an criteriae which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue ofd being a banking corporation. portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange. as defined in the Addendum, where such °Ilene* is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be consWered investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of investment 
Counselling. Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law. 5755-1905. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its own account or where applicable. for other Sophisticated 
Investors 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or selketation of an offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered hereby, nor does it constitute an otter to sell to Or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or other Jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation wouldbe unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicit:eye , -F 
not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to villein it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100408 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246592 
EFTA01394404

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394405.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394405.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For. persons in Japan. The information in 'elation to any interest and( or investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Rinds e Paragraph 1 of the Financial instruments and 
Exchange Law of jape', clew no. 25 of 194$. as amended) (rho 'Hari and. accordingly. any interest aiadice investment in them may not be offered or sold. dIrecify or indirectly, in Japan cc to. or for 
the benefit. at any Japanese person or to others tor re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly. in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance web all 
applicable laws. regulations and guidelines proiniegated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant eine. Foi this purpose. 'Japanese nthrson" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity orgenzed tinder the laws of Japan. 
In Japan. this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited ("CSJL'), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General of eanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No 66) 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, japan investment Advisers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis and made upon your request Tnrs document does not constitute. and should not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invilatbn to subscribe for or purchase any securities as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined in the Conthanie,s Act 1reief to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United Mexican States ("Mexico') by a Foreign Fthancial instieeeion (Institution Financiera <lei Exterior, not sub eat to the 
supervision of the National eanking and Secuntles Commission (Comisien Nacional Bancana y de Valores) (the' CNIeV't The securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Rogistro National de Valoresj (the 'IRS4V') or in tee International Quotation System (Sterna Interne:Kenai de Cotizacthnes) (the ;SIC") of the Mexican Stock Exchange (Botha Mexicana de 
lealores), therefore such securities, its Issuance. altering, distribution and listing are not subject to the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law The securities shall not be sub*I to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the MeV or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor verraah has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks arid merits of an nvestment in the Fund 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed by the -Autorite de Contrele Prudentier and fully licensed portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n" 1.144 
of Jule 26, 1991 and Law 1.2.33 of September 7, 2007. duly licensed by the "Comnession de Controle des Aetivites Finanisieres. Such regu€ated intermediaries may in turn corneninieate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand wit° qualify as an 'investment business" or "government agency' 
...ellen the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule I of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this Presentation nether constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80;913i. nor does it constitute an offer to sell. or the solicitation of any offer to buy Mon-Omani 
securities in the Surtanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 1M) of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.1(2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100409 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246593 
EFTA01394405

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394406.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394406.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent investiaation of the risks II ivolvee ni an 
investment in such interests The promotional documentation does not constitute en otter to the public and is for the use on of the named addressee and should not be g: en or shown to any other 
parson (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the Slate of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Eund should be made to aiendower 
For persona in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia eecept to such persons as are permitted under the Otters of Securities Regidations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA-1. 
The CMA does riot make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Document. and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from. or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests offered hereby should conduct their own due clihgence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an authorized Itiancial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 28 of Singapore ("SFA') and has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SEA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred to in this Presentation . You should consider carefully vmether the investment is suitable for you. The product named m tNs 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and none of its interests f shares units shall be allowed to be offered to retail pubfic in Singapore. 
This Presentation nay be distributed only ("Ito persons who are Institutional investors' under section 304 of the SEA 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the relevant products. The delivery of tlias Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product. the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Serves Commission in Korea and a locally licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any lability for lones that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indk.ated to the contrary. all formes are unaudited The information provided herein is fur the exclusive use of the recipient. Private !agility is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e.. are not listed on a stock exchange) Private equity investments are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term inveslmenl Private 
equity investments, includino the investment oppolunity described herein. may inceide the following additional risks'. (i) loss of all or a substantial portion of the investor's investment, (ii) investment 
itranarters may have Incentives to make investments that are riskier or more speculabve due to performance-based compensation. (di) lack of liquidity as there may be no secondary market. (iv) 
volatility of returns, iv) restrictions on transfer. (vi) potential lack of drversificaton, (yid high tees and expenses. firkb little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributing irvi iitirit tax inlormation to investors 
The representative of the Fund in. Svntzertand is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the *Representative"). The offering documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of cnarge from the Representative The pace of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the ciividon of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in SwiCerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de file. CH-1207 Geneva. Switzerland the Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission wil€ be charged by the Paying Agent It a subscrOtion or redemption is made through the Paying Agent. instructions and money neist be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropnate dealing cut-offlime. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100410 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246594 
EFTA01394406

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394407.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394407.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St Kitts and Nevis. Tiffs Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Ives and Navis. This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities COMMis-siuil or ti.e 
Financial Services Regiritiory Commission in St Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shourri consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. fax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being Me loss of the investor's entire 
InVeStrriOnt 
For persons in UAE/Abu DhabilDubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordingly should riot be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests and (b) upon their specific. request The interests in the Fund have not been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents, or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereot) No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exanintition of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommitted by any federal or state senamties commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. or any state or other securities taws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4f2) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the stales and other 
junsdictions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferied or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities tots, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There tiff be nu public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part •of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'F•R CRY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100411 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246595 
EFTA01394407

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394408.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394408.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 OF Enterprises 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Manage:lir:,
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100412 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246596 
EFTA01394408

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394409.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394409.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the "Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
• 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax identification 
number; 
• 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of name; 
• 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's license; 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
• 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
• 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE *** 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100413 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246597 
EFTA01394409

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394410.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394410.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund:  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K 
In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K 
The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature: 
Title (if applicable):  
Date: 
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100414 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246598 
EFTA01394410

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394411.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394411.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS129 DF Enterprises 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100415 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246599 
EFTA01394411

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394412.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394412.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the 'Supplement') is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel thirds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds'). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100417 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246601 
EFTA01394412

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394413.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394413.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the -DRS! Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fccs collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100418 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246602 
EFTA01394413

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394414.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394414.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100419 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00240603 
EFTA01394414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394415.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterpnses 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the -investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) thereafter until the last day of the term of 
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share of Invested 
Capital. Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shams of other funds or investment products over sales of Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients in esting directly in the Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential conflicts of interest, into account when 
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100420 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002484304 
EFTA01394415

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394416.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394416.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1 29 OF Enterprises 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
ofCertnin Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders against DBSI. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100421 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246605 
EFTA01394416

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394417.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394417.pdf
----------------------------------------
GOVERNMENT OF 
THE VIRGIN ISLANDS OF THE UNITED STATES 
-o-
CHARLOTTE AMALIE, ST. THOMAS. VI 00802 
OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR 
CERTIFICATE OF EXISTENCE 
To Whom These Presents Shall Come: 
1, GREGORY R. FRANCIS, Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin Islands. do hereby 
certify: 
That SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC filed Articles of Organization with the Office 
of the Lieutenant Governor on February 25, 2013 and the Company is duly organized under 
the laws of the United States Virgin Islands; 
Thai the duration of this Limited Liability Company is pelpental: 
That the company has paid all applicable fees to date; and 
That Articles of Termination have not been filed by the company. 
In Witness Whereof, 1 have hereunto set my hand and 
affix the seal of the Government of the United States 
Virgin Islands, at Charlotte Amalie, this 25th day of 
June, A.D. 2013. 
R. FRANCIS 
Lieutenant Governor of the Virgin islands 
DB-SDNY-0100422 
SDNY GM_00246606 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01394417

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394418.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394418.pdf
----------------------------------------
int rut :*,4l
flip UNII ED STATES VIRGIN IS( AND) 
OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR 
DIVISION OF CORPORATIONS AND TRADEMARKS 
5049 Kongens Gado 
Chalol le Amalie, Virgin Islands 00802 
Phone - 340.776.8515 
Fax - 340.776.4612 
June 25, 2013 
CERTIFICATION OF GOOD STANDING 
1105 King Street 
Christiansted, Vkgii Islands 00820 
Phone 340.773.6449 
Fax 340.773.0330 
This is to certify that the corporation known as SOUTHERN TRUST 
COMPANY, INC. FORMERLY: FINANCIAL INFOMATICS, INC. filed Articles of 
Incorporation office of the Lieutenant Governor on NOVEMBER 18, 2011 that 
a Certificate of Incorporation was issued by the Lieutenant Governor on 
DECEMBER 8, 2011 authorizing the said corporation to conduct business in the 
Virgin Islands and the corporation is considered to be in good standing. 
Denise Johannes 
Director, Division of Corporation 
and Trademarks 
of/EE 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100423 
SDNY_GM_00246607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01394418

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394419.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394419.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
page 2 
By signing the filled-out form, you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected Income, and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating 
that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is 
FATCA reporting, later, for further Information. 
Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other 
than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if 
it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate); or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax under section 1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively 
connected taxable income from such business. Further, in certain cases 
where a Form W-9 has not been received, the rules under section 1446 
require a partnership to presume that a partner is a foreign person, and 
pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person 
that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your 
U.S. status and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of 
partnership income. 
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the 
partnership for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding 
withholding on its allocable share of net income from the partnership 
conducting a trade or business in the United States. 
• In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 
of the disregarded entity and not the entity; 
• In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner. 
generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and 
not the trust; and 
• In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust). the U.S. trust 
(other than a grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust. 
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use 
Form W-9. Instead. use the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see 
Pub. 515, Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign 
Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a 
nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce 
or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax 
treaties contain a provision known as a "saving clause." Exceptions 
specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to 
continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise 
become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. 
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception 
contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption 
from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement 
to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. 
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under 
which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien. 
2. The treaty article addressing the income. 
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the 
saving clause and its exceptions. 
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption 
from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 
the treaty article. 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 
exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese 
student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 
student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if his or her stay in 
the United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of 
the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows 
the provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 
student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese 
student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first 
protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax 
on his or her scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form 
W-9 a statement that includes the information described above to 
support that exemption. 
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you 
must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such 
payments. This is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be 
subject to backup withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, 
dividends, broker and barter exchange transactions, rents, royalties, 
nonemployee pay, payments made in settlement of payment card and 
third party network transactions, and certain payments from fishing boat 
operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to backup 
withholding. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you 
receive if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper 
certifications, and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your 
tax retum. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: 
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester, 
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for 
Part II for details), 
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN, 
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding 
because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax 
return (for reportable interest and dividends only), or 
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to 
backup withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend 
accounts opened after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. 
See Exempt payee code, later, and the separate Instructions for the 
Requester of Form W-9 for more information. 
Also see Special rules for partnerships, earlier. 
What is FATCA Reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a 
participating foreign financial institution to report all United States 
account holders that are specified United States persons. Certain 
payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA 
reporting code, later, and the Instructions for the Requester of Form 
W-9 for more information. 
Updating Your Information 
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you 
claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee 
and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this 
person. For example. you may need to provide updated information if 
you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you no 
longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if 
the name or TIN changes for the account; for example, if the grantor of a 
grantor trust dies. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a 
requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure 
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. II you 
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no 
backup withholding, you are subject to a 3500 penalty. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002461309 
DB-SDNY-0100425 
EFTA01394419

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394420.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394420.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying 
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties 
including fines and/or imprisonment. 
Misuse of TINs. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of 
federal law, the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. 
Specific Instructions 
Line 1 
You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line 
blank. The name should match the name on your tax retum. 
If this Form W-9 is for a joint account (other than an account 
maintained by a foreign financial institution (FFI)), list first, and then 
circle, the name of the person or entity whose number you entered in 
Part I of Form W-9. If you are providing Form W-9 to an FFI to document 
a joint account, each holder of the account that is a U.S. person must 
provide a Form W-9. 
a. Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If 
you have changed your last name without informing the Social Security 
Administration (SSA) of the name change, enter your first name, the last 
name as shown on your social security card, and your new last name. 
Note: MN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered on 
your Form W-7 application, line la. This should also be the same as the 
name you entered on the Form 1040/1040A/1040EZ you filed with your 
application. 
b. Sole proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter your individual 
name as shown on your 1040/1040A/1040EZ on line 1. You may enter 
your business, trade, or "doing business as" (DBA) name on line 2. 
c. Partnership, LLC that is not a single-member LLC, C 
corporation, or S corporation. Enter the entity's name as shown on the 
entity's tax return on line 1 and any business, trade, or DBA name on 
tine 2. 
d. Other entitles. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal 
tax documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the 
charter or other legal document creating the entity. You may enter any 
business, trade, or DBA name on line 2. 
e. Disregarded entity. For U.S. federal tax purposes, an entity that is 
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated as a 
"disregarded entity." See Regulations section 301.7701.2(c)(2)(ii). Enter 
the owner's name on line 1. The name of the entity entered on line 1 
should never be a disregarded entity. The name on line 1 should be the 
name shown on the income tax retum on which the Income should be 
reported. For example, if a foreign 11C that Is treated as a disregarded 
entity for U.S. federal tax purposes has a single owner that is a U.S. 
person, the U.S. owners name is required to be provided on line 1. II 
the direct owner of the entity is also a disregarded entity. enter the first 
owner that is not disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the 
disregarded entity's name on line 2. "Business name/disregarded entity 
name." If the owner of the disregarded entity is a foreign person, the 
owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8 instead of a Form W-9. 
This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. 
Line 2 
If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded 
entity name. you may enter it on line 2. 
Line 3 
Check the appropriate box on line 3 for the U.S. federal tax 
classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only 
one box on line 3. 
IF the entity/person on line 1 is 
a(n) ... 
THEN check the box for. . . 
• Corporation 
Corporation 
• Individual 
• Sole proprietorship, or 
• Single-member limited liability 
company (LLC) owned by an 
individual and disregarded for U.S. 
federal tax purposes. 
Individual/sole proprietor or single-
member 11C 
• LLC treated as a partnership for 
U.S. federal tax purposes, 
• LLC that has filed Form 8832 or 
2553 to be taxed as a corporation, 
or 
• LLC that is disregarded as an 
entity separate from its owner but 
the owner is another LLC that is 
not disregarded for U.S. federal tax 
purposes. 
Limited liability company and enter 
the appropriate tax classification. 
(P• Partnership; Ce C corporation: 
or S• S corporation) 
• Partnership 
Partnership 
• Trust/estate 
TrusVestate 
Line 4, Exemptions 
If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, 
enter in the appropriate space on line 4 any code(s) that may apply to 
Wu-
Exempt payee code. 
• Generally, individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from 
backup withholding. 
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup 
withholding for certain payments, including interest and dividends. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments 
made in settlement of payment card or third party network transactions. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to 
attorneys' fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations 
that provide medical or health care services are not exempt with respect 
to payments reportable on Form 1099-MISC. 
The following codes identify payees that are exempt from backup 
withholding. Enter the appropriate code in the space in line 4. 
1—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a). any IRA. or 
a custodial account under section 403(1)(7) if the account satisfies the 
requirements of section 401(0(2) 
2—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
4—A foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies. 
or instrumentalities 
5—A corporation 
6—A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the 
United States, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession 
7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission 
8—A real estate investment trust 
9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) 
11—A financial institution 
12—A middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or 
custodian 
13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246610 
DB-SDNY-0100426 
EFTA01394420

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394421.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394421.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246611 
DB-SDNY-0100427 
EFTA01394421

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394422.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394422.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fern W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 6 
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the 
IRS does not request personal detailed information through email or ask 
taxpayers for the PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access 
information for their credit card, bank, or other financial accounts. 
If you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, 
forward this message to phishingetirs.gov. You may also report misuse 
of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS property to the Treasury Inspector 
General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 1.800.366.4484. You can 
forward suspicious emails to the Federal Trade Commission at 
sPameuce.gov or report them at www.ftc.gov/complaint. You can 
contact the FTC at wvny.ffc.govridtheff or 877-IDTHEFT (877-438-4338). 
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see tovw.IdentityTheft.gov 
and Pub. 5027. 
Visit www.irs.govildentilyThelt to learn more about identity theft and 
how to reduce your risk. 
Privacy Act Notice 
Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your 
correct TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to 
file information retums with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or 
certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid: the 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property: the cancellation of 
debt: or contributions you made to an IRA. Archer MSA, or HSA. The 
person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file 
information returns with the IRS, reporting the above information. 
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of 
Justice for civil and criminal litigation and to cities. states, the District of 
Columbia, and U.S. commonwealths and possessions for use in 
administering their laws. The Information also may be disclosed to other 
countries under a treaty, to federal and state agencies to enforce civil 
end criminal laws. or to federal law enforcement and intelligence 
agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or 
not you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payers 
must generally withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividend, and 
certain other payments to a payee who does not give a TIN to the payer. 
Certain penalties may also apply for providing false or fraudulent 
information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464313 
DB-SDNY-010O429 
EFTA01394422

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394423.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394423.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: (646) 214-7283 
www.icapicilnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at (646) 214 7283. 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940. as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100430 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246614 
EFTA01394423

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394424.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394424.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to Capital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition. in December 2017. Institutional Capital Network. 
Inc.. the parent company of iCapital. acquired the U.S. private equity access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material Changes 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis. Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
Item I I: Code of Ethics. Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and Personal Trading 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
Item I 3: Review of Accounts 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
Item IS: Custody 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
Item IS: Financial Information 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors. LLC ("iCapital". "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware limited liability 
company that has been in business since May. 2014. We are wholly-owned by Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of business in New 
York. NY. iCapital Securities. LLC ("iCapital Securities"), is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle Property Investors 
Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-SVT L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, LP., iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund. L.P.. iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, LP.. BTAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private Equity Select Master 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100431 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246615 
EFTA01394424

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394425.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394425.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund II. 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), LP.. 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), LP., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II. Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), LP.. Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), LP., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (U.S.), LP.. Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International). LP.. Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) LP., Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
LP.. Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), LP.. Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International). LP., Energy Select Fund (U.S.). LP., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund (International), LP., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund (U.S.), LP.. 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North. Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), LP., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International). LP.. BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd.. BEP Private Investors II (International). LP., BTAS 2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), LP., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), LP.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), LP., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), LP., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A. 
SICAR. Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A.. SICAR, Private Equity & Credit Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-KW Access Fund. 
LP.. iCapital-TEP Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, iCapital-Apollo 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund. LP.. iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, LP., iCapital-KV Seed C Access Fund, 
LP., iCapital-SH Access Fund, LP., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership. iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, LP., iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP., and Horizon Opportunities Fund, a series 
of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP. (each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, LP., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, LP. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). iCapital provides investment 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner. and not individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments of investors 
for the purpose of investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment Funds primarily 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100432 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246616 
EFTA01394425

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394426.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394426.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-adviser (a "Sub-
Adviser") selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000. as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an "Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors. Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As 
of December 
31, 
2017 
total discretionary 
assets 
under 
management 
were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management for these Funds 
are as of September 30. 2017. 1
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network. Inc., the parent of iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital. none of which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO"). 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates to the applicable Sub-
Adviser for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor prepaid the 
Finds with 930/2017 values are as lollowt Private Equity Select Master Trust I. Private Equity Global Select Master Fund. Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund It Private Equity Global Select Master fund M. Private Equity Global Select Muter Fund N. Private Equity Global Select Mane. Fund V. Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.). LP.. Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.) LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund. Private Equity Asia Select 
Master Fund It Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.) LP.. Pointe Equity Asia Select Fund III (Internaeonal) LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (tat 
LP.. Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International). LP. Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) LP.. Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Irdrausucture Select Fund (U.S.). LP.. Private Equity 8, Credit Opportunities Select Fund (US.). LP., Pnvate Equity &Credit Opportunities Select 
Fund (International). LP.. Energy Select Fund (US.) LP.. Energy Select Fund (International) LP.. Credit Opportunities Access Fend (International) LP.. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Prince Client Feeder Fund.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund (U.S.) LP.. 6200 Hollywood NA. North. Oslocaoon 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.). Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (Internaoonal) Secondary Opportunities Fund Ill Private Client Feeder Fund 
(US). LP.. Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International). LP.. SEP Private Investors II GP. Ltd.. SEP Private Investors II (International) LP, BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (US.) LP.. BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International) LP.. KKR Credit Select Access Fund II (US.). LP.. Vista Software Select Access 
Fund (U.S.) LP.. Private Equity Global Select I SCM. S.C.A_ Private Equity Global Select IV SCAR. S.C.A. Private Equiry Global Select V SC.A SCAR. 
Private &pity Asia Select IN S.C.A. SCAR. Private Equity & Creek Opportunities Select iCapti Vintage II Access Fund. LP.. Capital-SV7. LP.. hwesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund LP.. Capul- KV Seed C Access Fund LP.. uCapta6 TEP Non-US Access Fund. LP.. iCapital- TEP Access Fund. LP.. Capital-
KW Access Fund LP.. Capital Private Credit Access Fund. LP, Capital• 2015 Vintage Access fund. LP_ 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100433 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246617 
EFTA01394426

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394427.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394427.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter. such Investor will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter. based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing. iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from I% - 2% on an annual basis. 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. In addition, each Fund will indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, commitment fees, 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider for certain Funds. Dynasty may provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. There is no form of legal 
partnership. agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such organizational and 
offering expenses generally include. but are not limited to. legal expenses, travel, accounting, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100434 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246618 
EFTA01394427

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394428.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394428.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the Private Access Fund. 
including without limitation: the management fee: organizational expenses: liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund: any sales or other taxes, fees or government charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund: expenses and fees related to audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental returns, reports and 
filings: any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund: extraordinary one-time expenses of the Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Private Access 
Fund, including indemnification expenses: commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities: the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners. whether individually or in a group: expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial banking. accounting. 
appraisal. legal. administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator for the 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General Partner). custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access Fund, the General 
Partner and any of their respective partners. members, stockholders, officers, directors. 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees. carried interest, organizational 
expenses. taxes. indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing and subscription 
materials: printing and mailing costs: filing and regulatory fees and expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund. the applicable general partner or the Firm relating to such Direct 
Investment Fund). pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the costs and expenses of 
valuation agents): accounting. custodial, administrative, legal, audit, bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any administrator or custodian): 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses: investment research and 
research- related products and services: data processing costs; consultant fees: tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses. if any. including, without limitation, indemnification, dispute 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100435 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246619 
EFTA01394428

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394429.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394429.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
resolution. litigations and related legal fees and expenses: investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner. iCapital or any sub-adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions. spreads. mark-ups on securities, interest expenses. custodial and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management): insurance expenses. 
bank charges. currency hedging costs: and other investment and operating expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses. preparation of the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses. including its employees' salaries, rent. utilities. etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may create an incentive for iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(I) of the Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by "Qualified Purchasers" as 
defined in the Investment Company Act iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount. 
iCapital may from time to time enter into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written agreements or any of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100436 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246620 
EFTA01394429

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394430.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394430.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums than would be 
required for a direct investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts. growth capital. mezzanine. etc.) to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage. iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months. iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase. iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed benchmarking analysis. and 
a thorough review of the competitive landscape. iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy. review the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before meeting with 
a manager. iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence. iCapital does a complete review of the fund's PPM. LPA. 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally. iCapital makes reference calls to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth. and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment. operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, investment strategy 
and marketing positioning. competitive landscape. discussion of poor investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital leverages these meetings, the review of the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions. to evaluate the fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of interest. 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off the list reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies. peer firms, institutional LPs, former employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246621 
EFTA01394430

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394431.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394431.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation. iCapital looks at internal rate of return ("IRR"). multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance. the loss ratio. 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing. cumulative contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally. iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion of the review. 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment In particular. 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective. iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund strategy buckets. 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process, iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. In these meetings. 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage. iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. ("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage. if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds as part of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100438 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246622 
EFTA01394431

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394432.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394432.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly. there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity. iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to facilitate such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly. there is the risk that iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References CO "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of the Funds it manages. Prospective 
investors are urged to consult their professional advisers and review the offering 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in any Fund. which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private Access Funds such 
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds. or any of the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally. Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100439 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246623 
EFTA01394432

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394433.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394433.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital cannot predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital). regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions). iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of. its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal. tax, financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund Investors in a Private Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager. their 
respective affiliates o• any of their respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Partidpate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund. iCapital. and not the Investors in any Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition. Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager. any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or supplement the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governingagreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100441 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246625 
EFTA01394433

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394434.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394434.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly. Investors may be required to repay or pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished information on a 
Schedule K- I for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things. the timely receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private Access Funds' investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the market for the sale of 
such investments is limited, and the transferability of such investments is also generally 
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it desires. 
Economic and Market Risk Companies and securities in which a Fund will invest may be 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, including. for example. inflation rates, 
currency 
devaluation, 
exchange rate fluctuations, industry 
conditions, competition, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private equity funds' 
investment in such company. iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or Sub-
Adviser's projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its interest in 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100442 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246626 
EFTA01394434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394435.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"). iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded Subscriptions). pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions. iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount including attorneys' fees, to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware Act provides 
that if certain requirements of the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these provisions were 
enacted relatively recently. there is a dearth of case law interpreting those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a Fund and other 
series of the Partnership. Finally, other contractual arrangements entered into by a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act Accordingly. the degree of separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, liabilities and obligations of 
such series and. consequently. that creditors of such series will seek recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a great extent on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly. a Direct Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its portfolio could be 
impaired. In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any reason, 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner. there is no assurance 
that any replacement sub-adviser engaged by the general partner will have equivalent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100443 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246627 
EFTA01394435

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394436.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394436.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in securities carries 
certain market risks. In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply. technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, the availability of additional capital and labor, general economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs. interests in REITs. 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships. joint ventures. limited liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants. and stock purchase rights. The values of equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks. may decline due to general market conditions that are 
not related to a specific company. such as: real or perceived adverse economic conditions: 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings: and changes in interest or currency 
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose performance is linked to the 
performance of foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to. the following: varying custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the issuance and trading 
of securities; the unavailability of financial information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes: adverse political, social or 
diplomatic developments: limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher brokerage and custodian 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100444 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246628 
EFTA01394436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394437.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
expenses than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities exchange or 
market 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs. EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less liquid. The performance 
of ADRs. EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of companies based in. 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the governments of. 
emerging markets, including, but not limited to. certain Central and Eastern European 
countries. Asian countries and Latin American countries. These securities involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market swings. due to the inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, the lack of modern technology, the lack of a sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations. and the possibility of temporary or permanent termination of 
trading. Political and economic structures in many emerging markets may be undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid development and emerging markets lack the social, political and 
economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. As a result the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation. may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a custodian or broker-
dealer in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may. but is not required to, hedge the currency exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100445 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246629 
EFTA01394437

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394438.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394438.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer or counter-party fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the value of the investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount of its investment. 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are expected to be concentrated from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, regions. sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to one another and the effect of this, together with 
its long-term approach to investment, could result in large movements in the portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio increases the importance of the selection of each stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinant of investment performance and also increases the volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies in an industry, country or region in which a Fund concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money or underperform the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways. the overall adverse impact on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the government or 
affairs of such countries or regions. could be considerably greater than if it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent Although the investment guidelines of a Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio concentration, there is no assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse effects. 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance procedures in certain foreign markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. Foreign settlement and clearance procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain risks (such as delays in payment for or delivery of 
securities) not typically associated with the settlement of U.S. investments. At times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries have not kept pace with the number of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out transactions. If a 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100446 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246630 
EFTA01394438

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394439.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394439.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, at the same time. 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund. the effect of leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a Fund will have 
to pay. the Fund's investment return will be greater than if leverage were not used. 
Conversely, if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage. the investment return of a Fund will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid assets. marked-to-
market daily. to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's investment flexibility. 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings take the form 
of. or are embedded in. margined option premiums. repurchase agreements. bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
discretionary margin, haircut. financing and valuation policies. or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions. whether due to market circumstances or government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, loss of financing. 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio at disadvantageous 
prices. perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. These instruments include. 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps. currency forward contracts. 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can be highly complex 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100448 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246632 
EFTA01394439

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394440.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394440.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally. and less secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after it is downgraded. the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt instruments held by a Fund may fall in response to 
increases in interest rates. In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage point. Inverse 
floaters, interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments also react to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened. 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities. including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e.. extension risk). Securities that are subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply. Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens. all or a portion of the obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates. a portion of a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of currency swaps. a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If there is a default by the 
counterpart), to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency. interest rate, total return or other swaps that may be 
surrogates for other instruments such as currency forwards and interest rate options. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100450 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246634 
EFTA01394440

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394441.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394441.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the underlying 
assets as well as counterparty risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs. which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills. are not diversified. and 
are subject to risks of project financing, default by borrowers. self-liquidation, and the 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the extent that a portfolio 
company is subject to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems. such portfolio company may be subject to substantial losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of civil litigation or regulatory or other action. Any such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is directed at 
iCapital or one of its service providers holding its financial or investor data. iCapital, its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). and a member of the Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item I I below for a description of how the Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity. Gen II provides iCapital accounting and investor 
reporting. capital call and distribution processing and investor support services. 
This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in respect of the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100451 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246635 
EFTA01394441

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394442.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394442.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, Inc.. the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition. select financial services companies. including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network. Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity investors to provide 
services to the Funds. including administration or other services. iCapital will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item I I: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-I of the Advisers Act 
Pursuant to Rule 204A- I of the Advisers Act, iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles that: 
- 
Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first: 
- 
Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are conducted 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100452 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246636 
EFTA01394442

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394443.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394443.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore. 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, as applicable) of each 
Fund may also benefit from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and. under certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an investor and 
required by law. iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal information about our 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the information. iCapital 
maintains security practices, physical. electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100454 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246638 
EFTA01394443

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394444.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394444.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of iCapital. is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate. Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed CO an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Private Access Funds to 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item IS: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with "Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized as. comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the public company accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial statements prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or members or other beneficial owners) within 
I 80 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. For a Fund that is a fund-of-funds. iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures. and each Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are specified under 
the limited partnership agreement. where investment limits are intended to minimize 
investment risk and maximize return. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100456 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246640 
EFTA01394444

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394445.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394445.pdf
----------------------------------------
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of the Private Access Funds. iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under the Underlying Funds' constituent 
documents. iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds. iCapital has delegated the obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy voting procedures. 
However. iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it is required to vote 
a proxy for certain investments. iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon request. we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's financial condition. iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100457 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246641 
EFTA01394445

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394446.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394446.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
646-214-7400 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance Officer, at 1-646-214-7283 
or by email at mstantoneicapitalnetwork.com if you did not receive iCapital Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100458 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246642 
EFTA01394446

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394447.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394447.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form AD✓ Par 2E1 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton. iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Pool for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100460 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246644 
EFTA01394447

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394448.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394448.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 2E, 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Robertshaw is a Co-
Founder and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016. he served as a Vice Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000. when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DLJ in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. Robertshaw received a B.A in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital Securities. LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO. supervises Mr. Robertshaw for compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100461 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246645 
EFTA01394448

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394449.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394449.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form ADV Part 2E 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of Capital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level platform integration with 
banks, asset managers. wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a $12.5 billion AUM multi-
strategy investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at Capital Network and employee of iCapital Securities. LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100462 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246646 
EFTA01394449

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394450.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394450.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
iCapital Advisors. LLC 
Form AD`✓ Parr 2E1 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at Capital Network and employee of iCapital Securities. LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100463 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246647 
EFTA01394450

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394451.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394451.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
If:reclaim; Version 
Proprietary and Confidential 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of April 11, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER ACCESS 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. (THE "PARTNERSHIP') REPRESENTED BY THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, IN 
RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER'S 
INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 
HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100464 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246648 
EFTA01394451

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394452.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394452.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS .»»»..»»»..»».... 
Definitions 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
...... --.-..- ...... --..-..- ........ 
2.1 
Continuation of Limited Partnership. 
2.2 
Maine; Offices 
2.3 
Purpose; Powers. 
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 
Moines. Addresses and Subscriptions. 
3.2 
Status of Limited Partners. 
3.2.1 
Limited Liability 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death. Dissolution or Bankruptcy.  
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership.  
3.3 
Additional Limited Partners. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date.  
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
3.4 
Management and Control of Partnership 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner 
3.4.3 
Outside Business.  
3.5 
Alternative Investment Vehicles.  
3.6 
Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds. 
ARTICLE 4- INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
4.1 
Investment Guidelines 
4.2 
Bonoxings 
4.3 
ERISA Compliance. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
Organizational Expenses. 
5.2 
Partnership Expenses and Management Fee 
5.2.1 
Pay uncut of Expenses 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
ARTICLE 6 - CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 
Obligation to Contribute 
6.1.1 In General 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions 
6.1.3 
Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
6.1.4 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement 
6.1.5 
Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals 
6.1.6 
General Partners Authority to Reduce Subscriptions 
6.1.7 
Subscription of the General Partner 
6.2 
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent Drawdown. 
6.2.1 
Unused Contributions 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner 
6.2.3 
Effect of Return of Contributions 
6.3 
Failure to Make Required Payment 
6.3.1 
Interest 
(ilendcmcr Aocoss Secondary l>pportunines IV (U.S.). l..P. 
.1mendo.l and Reflaled Limited Parthership Agroornein 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100465 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246649 
EFTA01394452

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394453.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394453.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default 
6.3.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS.. 
—.21 
7.1 
Amount. Timing and Form 
7.1.1 
General. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments 
7.2 
Discretionary Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General. 
7.2.2 
Operational Rules 
7.3 
Special Distributions. 
7.4 
Payment of Taxes 
7.4.1 
General. 
7.4.2 
Tax Liability 
7.4.3 
Partnership Obligation 
7.5 
Certain Distributions Prohibited 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 
Capital Accounts. 
8.1.1 
Creation and Maintenance 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations.  
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations 
8.2 
Allocations of Net Curia or Loss. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss. Generally 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default 
8.3 
Other Specially Allocated Items 
8.4 
Admission of Additional Partners. 
ARTICLE 9- DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
Term of Partnership 
9.2 
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General Panner 
9.3 
Dissolution by the General Partner 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
General.  
10.2 
Liquidating Distributions 
10.3 
Expenses of Liquidator 
10.4 
Duration of Liquidation. 
10.5 
Liability for Returns 
10.5.1 General. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
ARTICLE 11- LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership Interests.  
11.1.1 General. 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited Partners 
11.2.1 General.  
rilendower Access Sccondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
.Ammded and Rattled Limited Partnership Agreanisii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100466 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248650 
EFTA01394453

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394454.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394454.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission 
11.3 
Non-Compliant Transfer.  
11.4 
Multiple Ownership 
11.5 
No Withdrawal Rights 
11.6 
Removal of a Limited Partner. 
11.7 
Look-Through Treatment 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
Exculpation. 
12.1.1 General. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others.  
12.1.3 Liquidator 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts 
12.2 
Indemnification.  
12.2.1 General. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
12.2.5 Successors.  
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner.  
12.3 
Limitation by Law. 
12.4 
Return of Certain Distributions. 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
Amendments 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners.  
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
13.2 
Voting and Consents. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS .»..»»».. 
14.1 
Keeping of Accounts and Records: Certificate of Limited Partnership 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records  
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
14.2 
Financial Reports 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
14.2.4 Information Rights.  
14.3 
Valuation. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities 
14.3.3 Other Assets.  
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
14.4 
Notices 
14.5 
Accounting Provisions 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants 
14.6 
Tax Provisions 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner. Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership 
61011d(Mtir ACCCSS Socondaryl)pportunines IV (U.S.). l..P. 
Amended and Restaled Limited Paint-Mani Agreorneni 
iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100467 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246651 
EFTA01394454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394455.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency.  
14.7 
General Provisions.  
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
14.7.3 Limited Partner Information. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition  
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
14.7.11 Side Letters 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information 
Appendix I 
Definitions 
Appendix II 
Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
61011d01Wr Accc 
Socondary l>pporlunines IV (U.S.). 
IV 
Amended and Restaled l imil d Parthership Agreonwan 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100468 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246652 
EFTA01394455

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394456.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394456.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
AMENDED ANT) RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSI-M, AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 2018 (this 
"Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC, as the sole 
general partner (the "General Partner"), and those firms, corporations and other Persons listed on the List 
of Partners as limited partners who execute a counterpart of this Agreement (the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, by an agreement dated January 8*, 2018 and made by and between the General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial Agreement"), the General Partner and the Initial 
Limited Partner formed Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership") 
by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware on January 8th, 2018. 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the General Partner desires to admit additional persons to the 
Partnership as Limited Partners and the Initial Limited Partner desires to withdraw from the Partnership; 
and 
WHEREAS, in connection with such admissions and withdrawal, the parties desire to amend and 
restate the Initial Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend and restate the Initial Agreement to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1- DEFINITIONS 
DEFINITIONS. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings assigned to them in 
Appendix I hereto. As used herein, the term "Partner" shall also include, as applicable in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, any Persons for whom an Approved Agent is recorded on the books and records 
of the Partnership as nominee or agent, notwithstanding that such Partner is not recorded on the books 
and records. 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 
CONTINUATION OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
The Partners agree to continue the Partnership subject to the terms of this Agreement in accordance with 
the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time to time (the "Delaware 
Act"), and the Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety by its deletion and 
replacement by this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, and none of the Partners shall 
have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
Cileodower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Restated limitol Partnership Agreaneni 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100469 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246653 
EFTA01394456

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394457.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394457.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 
Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the dcath, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest for purposes of Article II until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 
No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 
ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 
Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying Fund may hold 
a closing (the -Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in subscriptions by existing 
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion: 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in connection with 
Glendoocr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IN (U.S.), LP. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-010O471 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464355 
EFTA01394457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394458.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested in the 
Underlying Fund; 
(3) 
the amount of the Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of 
such Additional Limited Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner 
subscribed for such interest at the Initial Closing; and 
(4) 
at the General Partner's option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution made pursuant to (2) and (3), computed at a rate per annum equal 
to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period from the due 
date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their earlier 
contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(b) 
Any Additional Limited Partners admitted after the final closing date of the Underlying 
Fund shall contribute, on or after the day of its admission or acceptance of its additional 
Subscription, (i) its proportionate sham of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners 
(other than Defaulting Partners) admitted in prior closings (including in respect of 
Partnership Expenses other than Management Fees) and (ii) the amount of the 
Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of such Additional Limited 
Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner subscribed for such Interest at the Initial 
Closing) plus, at the General Partners option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the contribution, 
computed at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make 
their earlier contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(a) 
Any amounts contributed pursuant to 3.3. l(a)(3) or 3.3.1(b)(ii), including any interest 
thereon shall be paid to the Investment Manager. Other amounts shall be subject to 
adjustment as provided in 6.2.2 and shall be invested in the Underb ing Fund or paid to 
existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund), which may result in the dilution 
of existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund and indirectly, limited partners 
of any such Feeder Fund), provided that any amounts which constitute interest paid to 
existing Limited Partners shall not increase such Limited Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investments of the Underlying Fund made and disposed of 
prior to a particular subsequent closing will not be allocated to any Limited Partners 
admitted at such subsequent closing and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
make any allocations or adjustments necessary to give effect to this provision. 
(b) 
The General Partner may apply this 3.3.1 to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a 
look-through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership or 
were subscribing for a direct interest in the Partnership (or to increase its Subscription to 
the Partnership), and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, adjust the Capital 
Accounts, Contributions, payments and distributions of and to the Limited Partners 
(including a Feeder Fund) in order to give effect to the foregoing and to the provisions of 
any limited partnership agreement of a Feeder Fund. 
3.3.2 
Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner or substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing (either directly or by power of 
Glendovwr ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100472 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246858 
EFTA01394458

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394459.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394459.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
attorney), together with the General Partner, a counterpart signature page to this Agreement providing for 
such admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an amendment to this Agreement 
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval of any other Partner. The 
General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate governmental authorities and take 
such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such admission. 
3.3.3 
Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
The Limited Partners acknowledge that the Partnership, the General Partner, the Underlying Fund and 
their respective Affiliates may be subject to certain anti-money laundering laws and related 
pronouncements and may otherwise be prohibited from engaging in transactions with, or providing 
services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and individuals, including without limitation, 
specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers and other parties subject to 
United States government sanctions and embargo programs. In furtherance of the foregoing: 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will contribute to the Partnership 
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal under 
United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took 
place; and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the Partnership, to the 
extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such distribution 
is made in accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by 
such Limited Partner) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International Money 
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting 
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to 
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money 
laundering laws or regulations, in each case as amended and any successor 
statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner (I) shall promptly notify the General Partner if, to the knowledge 
of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of 3.3.3(a); (2) shall provide the 
General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written request therefor, 
with any additional infommtion regarding such Limited Partner or its beneficial owner(s) 
that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure compliance with 
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or all applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements concerning other criminal activities; and (3) understands and agrees that 
if, at any time, the requirements of 3.3.3(a) or (b) arc not satisfied, or if otherwise 
required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or regulation related 
to other criminal activities, the General Partner may take any actions as it detennines to 
be necessary or advisable to comply with all such applicable laws, regulations and 
pronouncements. including "freezing" such Limited Partner's Interest or causing the 
compulsory redemption or Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest to another person 
or entity at no value. 
Glendower Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100473 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_002464357 
EFTA01394459

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394460.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394460.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (I) the Partnership or the General 
Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited Partner and, if 
applicable, any of its beneficial owners, or provide such confidential information to the 
Underlying Fund such that they may release such confidential information, in each case 
to governmental authorities if the General Partner or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund, as applicable, in their sole discretion, determine that releasing such 
information is in the best interest of the Partnership and/or the Underlying Fund in light 
of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under the laws referred 
to in 3.3.3(bX2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of any Limited Partner 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any provision of 
this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this 3.3.3. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any Limited Partner's 
subscription agreement, the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf of the 
Partnership, may, in its sole discretion and without the approval of any Limited Partner or 
any other Person, agree in writing with any Limited Partner to alternate representations 
and covenants of such Limited Partner reasonably designed to ensure compliance with 
applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and other criminal laws, regulations and 
administrative pronouncements and government sanctions, and thereby expressly waive 
compliance with all or any part of this 3.3.3 with respect to such Limited Partner. The 
Partners agree that any terms contained in such writing to or with a Limited Partner shall 
govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding the provisions of this 
Agreement or of any subscription agreement. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner in its own name and on behalf of the Partnership, acting alone, shall be authorized 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, to take such action as it determines to be 
necessary• or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-terrorist laws, 
rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions contemplated by 
the subscription agreements and in connection with actions contemplated by the 
governing documents of the Underlying Fund. 
3.4 
MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP. 
3.4.1 
Management by General Partner. 
The management, policies and control of the Partnership shall be vested exclusively in the General 
Partner, who shall have the rights, powers and obligations required to be vested in or assumed by a 
general partner of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and otherwise as provided by law. Except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, the General Partner is hereby vested with 
the full. exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, manage and control the affairs of 
the Partnership (and to delegate the management and operation of the Partnership to the Investment 
Manager on the terms set forth in the Management Agreement) and to make all decisions affecting 
Partnership affairs, as deemed proper, convenient or advisable by the General Partner to carry on the 
business of the Partnership as described in 2.3. 
3.4.2 
Powers of General Partner. 
(a) 
No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to determine the 
General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any undertaking on 
Otendmsur Acceics Secondary Opportunities n V (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100474 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246658 
EFTA01394460

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394461.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394461.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) 
Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to exercise any rights and powers the Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, (i) the power to cause the Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership under applicable tax or other laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), and (ii) the power to determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell any securities, including Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required, the Partnership is hereby authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, and the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is hereby authorized to execute and deliver (i) a subscription 
agreement with each Limited Partner. (ii) an administration services agreement with the 
Administrator, (iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, (iv) any 
document in connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of the 
Partnership, (v) subscription documents and other instruments necessary or appropriate in 
connection with the Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) any agreement 
with a custodian to hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of (i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a restriction on the 
power of the General Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of the 
Partnership. 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person being required. the General Partner is hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of a Limited Partner to the Underlying Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, attorneys and other service providers to effect, administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
3.4.3 
Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement shall limit the rights of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, including any director, officer or employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide advice to other investments, business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with others, similar or dissimilar to the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, including business ventures or Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, engage in or provide advice to such investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the Limited Partners will have any rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons or the income or profits derived therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of Interests, and neither the General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rodided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100475 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245659 
EFTA01394461

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394462.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394462.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
allocations and distributions may differ as a result of taxes and other expenses paid or 
payable by the Alternative Investment Vehicle (or any entity included in such vehicle), 
and, to the extent practicable, such taxes and other expenses shall be borne by the 
Limited Partners for whose benefit the Alternative Investment Vehicle was established. 
Without limiting the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of management fees or other 
fees among the Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the event that a 
Limited Partner Transfers any portion of its interest hereunder in the absence of a 
corresponding Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest of such Limited Partner in 
each other Alternative Investment Vehicle in which it is a limited partner or similar 
investor, or if any limited partner or similar investor in any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle Transfers any portion of its interest in any such entity without a corresponding 
Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest hereunder, such corresponding 
transferred and retained interest shall continue to be subject to the provisions of this 3.5, 
unless otherwise determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. Except as 
otherwise determined by the General Partner on or about the time of formation of the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, any issue regarding the interpretation of how the 
Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicle interact shall be governed by the laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
(d) 
Any Limited Partner that defaults on its obligations to any Alternative Investment 
Vehicle in which it invests and becomes a "defaulting partner," -defaulting member" or 
similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such Alternative 
Investment Vehicle (after giving effect to any applicable cure periods thereunder) shall 
also be a Defaulting Partner hereunder and any Limited Partner that becomes a 
Defaulting Partner of the Partnership shall also be a "defaulting partner," "defaulting 
member" or similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
(e) 
The economic terms of each Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be substantially the 
same in all material respects as those of the Partnership subject to any legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar considerations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
is the intention of the Partners that each of the Partnership and each Alternative 
Investment Vehicle be treated as a separate entity (and not in partnership with one 
another) for United States federal and other income tax purposes. Accordingly, under no 
circumstances shall the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle: (i) guaranty or 
otherwise assume responsibility for the debts and obligations of the other; (ii) enter into 
any partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement with the other; or (iii) share 
investment profits or losses with the other (with the result that the amounts distributed to 
any Partner from any such entity shall reflect solely the contributions by and the 
allocations of profit and loss to such Partner with respect to such entity). 
(f) 
If the General Partner determines in good faith that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting 
or other similar reasons, or to facilitate the acquisition or management of an underlying 
investment, it is desirable that an investment be made by the Partnership through one or 
more partnerships, corporations, trusts or other entities all or substantially all of the 
beneficial interests in which arc held directly or indirectly by the Partnership (an 
"Investment Subsidiary"). the General Partner shall be authorized to establish such 
Investment Subsidiary and cause the Partnership to utilize it for purposes of making one 
or more investments. In connection with such use of an Investment Subsidiary, the 
General Partner shall also be authorized, but not required, to adjust in good faith the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to (i) the allocation of Net Gain, Net Loss, 
Glendower Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100477 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246661 
EFTA01394462

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394463.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394463.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partnership Expenses and other similar items and (ii) distributions, to minimize the tax 
and other costs associated with the use of the Investment Subsidiary and to cause such 
costs to be borne directly or indirectly by the Limited Partner(s) for whose benefit the 
Investment Subsidiary was established. 
3.6 
PARALLEL ACCESS FUNDS OR FEEDER FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner may form one or more 
limited partnerships or other investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Partnership (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or Feeder Funds in order to comply with securities laws or to address tax, 
legal, regulatory or other issues of investors in such entity (including with respect to the structure of the 
Underlying Fund). In the event that a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund is established, the General 
Partner may (i) require one or more Limited Partners to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted 
as a limited partner of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and transfer a proportionate sham of the 
Partnership's assets and liabilities to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund, (ii) admit one or more 
limited partners of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and acquire a proportionate share of such 
Parallel Access Fund's or Feeder Fund's assets and liabilities to the Partnership and (iii) admit any Feeder 
Fund as a limited partner of the Partnership; provided that no Limited Partner shall be required to 
participate in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund if such participation would result in material 
adverse consequences for such Limited Partner which would not have resulted from such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, 
the General Partner may apply 6.3 of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
4.1 
INVESTMENT GUIDELINES 
Except as set forth in the following sentence, the Partnership shall only make investments in the 
Underlying Fund. In addition, at such time any funds of the Partnership are not invested in the 
Underlying Fund, distributed to the Partners or applied towards expenses of the Partnership, the 
Partnership may invest such funds in Temporary Investments. 
4.2 
BORROWINGS 
The Partnership may enter into a credit facility with a third party (a "Credit Facility"), which may be 
secured by the Subscriptions of the Limited Partners pursuant to 6.3.4. Repayment of the principal 
amount and any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any Credit Facility will be made from 
Subscriptions. 
ERISA COMPLIANCE. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value 
of each class of equity interests in the Partnership is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of 
the Partnership do not constitute plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA. In the event that the General Partner were to be deemed a "fiduciary" of any ERISA Partner 
under Section 3(21) of ERISA, then, in addition to whatever action it may take or be required to take 
because it was such a fiduciary:, the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid the 
occurrence of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
Glendovwr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100478 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248882 
EFTA01394463

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394464.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394464.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
5.2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 
Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 
General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 
Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and telephone. 
5.2.1.3 
Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General Partner, any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any. with the Underlying Fund and 
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking. accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect of 
Transfers: fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanent 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100479 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464363 
EFTA01394464

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394465.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394465.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, research and other expenses 
related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Partnership in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Partnership (including the costs and expenses (including travel-related expenses) of 
hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents; any expenses incurred 
in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other 
insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment Manager and any of their 
respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, agents or Affiliates in 
connection with the activities of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Partnership Expenses also include any costs and expenses associated with the ongoing operations of any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and mcording fees and 
expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-
party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other governmental charges 
levied against such Alternative Investment Vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses 
relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations undertaking and litigation, 
insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Partnership 
Expenses include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the operating expenses of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, expenses of or relating 
to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Partnership to the extent that they would 
be considered expenses of the Partnership pursuant to this 5.2.1.3 if they were incurred by the Partnership 
(and indirectly borne by the Limited Partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's interest as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership); provided however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related 
to a specific Feeder Fund shall be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, 
in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
Subject to 5.2.1.5 the Partnership Expenses shall be borne pro rata by all Limited Partners (including the 
Offshore Access Fund and other Feeder Funds, if any). Any contributions by Limited Partners to the 
Partnership to fluid their share of Partnership Expenses (other than required payments pursuant to 3.3.1 
and 11.1.8) shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share of Partnership 
Expenses). The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner or its Affiliates for any Partnership 
Expenses paid by them on behalf of the Partnership. 
5.2.1.4 
Sharing of Partnership Expenses with Parallel Access Funds. 
The Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each entity in the Underlying Fund, to 
the extent practicable. If, upon subsequent closings of the Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund, 
there is a change in the ratios of the aggregate capital commitments made to each such fund to the 
aggregate capital commitments made to all such funds, then the General Partner may adjust the relative 
amounts paid by such funds in respect of expenses, to reflect as nearly as practicable the situation that 
would have existed if the respective aggregate capital commitments made to each fund had always been 
in the same relative proportions as those in effect after the change in the ratio of capital commitments. 
The General Partner is authorized to take such actions as it detennines are reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order to effect the intention of this 5.2.1.4 and the other provisions of this Agreement 
relating to Parallel Access Funds in connection with the operation of the Partnership and any Parallel 
Access Fund. 
5.2.13 
Certain Expenses. 
Glendmwr Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100480 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246664 
EFTA01394465

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394466.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394466.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 
Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 
Amount 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fces assessed with respect to the Limited Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The -Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.c., 0.1875% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75%per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60%per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter): and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendovwr Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100481 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246665 
EFTA01394466

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394467.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394467.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Partnership on their Initial Drawdown Date equal to 
a portion of their Subscription. 
6.1.3 
Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
The General Partner is authorized to draw down additional capital contributions from time to time for any 
purposes contemplated under this Agreement generally upon not less than seven (7) Business Days' prior 
written notice, except in certain limited circumstances where the General Partner deems it prudent to 
require capital contributions to be made on shorter notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Limited 
Partner has failed to make a capital contribution when due (including such Partner's initial capital 
contribution), the General Partner in its sole discretion may call for a deficiency drawdown of 
contributions from the other Partners to replace the unpaid contribution upon seven (7) Business Days' 
prior written notice (or such shorter amount of time as was required for the initial capital contributions 
that required the deficiency drawdown). For purposes of 6.3, the amount of a Limited Partner's 
contribution that is not paid when due shall be deemed to include such Limited Partner's ratable share, 
determined on a grossed-up basis. of any deficiency drawdown with respect to such Limited Partner's 
unpaid contribution. 
6.1.4 
Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement. 
The General Partner shall send written notice of a call for capital contributions, or a rescission or 
postponement of such a call, to each Limited Partner by electronic mail. A notice calling for capital 
contributions may be rescinded or postponed by the General Partner by prompt written notice. 
6.1.5 
Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals. 
In connection with any call for capital contributions under this Agreement, the General Partner is 
authorized to apply cash that would otherwise be distributed to a Partner in satisfaction of such Partner's 
obligation to make a capital contribution pursuant to such call, to the extent thereof. The amount applied 
shall be deemed distributed to the Partner by the Partnership and then contributed by the Partner to the 
Partnership in satisfaction of such Partner's obligation to contribute capital hereunder and such Partner's 
Contribution shall be adjusted accordingly. No interest shall accrue on any Partner's Contribution. No 
Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid its Contribution except as specifically provided in 
this Agreement. 
6.1.6 
General Partner's Authority to Reduce Subscriptions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may reduce the Subscriptions of all Partners on a pro rata basis. 
The General Partner shall give each Partner written notice of the reduction, which notice shall include the 
amount of such Partner's reduced Subscription. 
6.1.7 
Subscription of the General Partner. 
The General Partner shall not have a Subscription. 
6.2 
RETURN OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS SUBJECT TO SUBSEQUENT DRAWDOWN. 
6.2.1 
Unused Contributions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to return to the Partners all or any 
portion of capital contributions that have not been (a) contributed to the Underlying Fund, (b) reserved for 
Glendower Accent Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Sanded Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100483 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248867 
EFTA01394467

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394468.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394468.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or applied to the payment or reimbursement of expenses or liabilities of the Partnership or (c) used for 
other purposes, together with any interest or other income or gains ("Partner Interest") earned by the 
Partnership with such capital contributions prior to their return. Such contributions and Partner Interest 
shall be distributed to the Partners pro rata in proportion to the respective amounts of contributions made 
by them that are being returned and shall increase the Partners' unpaid Subscriptions. 
6.2.2 
Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an Additional Limited Partner, 
and provided that the Partnership does not make a corresponding increase in its capital contribution to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner shall return to each of the non-contributing Partners, in proportion 
to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to the Partnership in an aggregate 
amount not in excess of the new contribution (less any Management Fee and interest due in accordance 
with 5.2.2.1, which shall be paid to the Investment Manager in accordance with (a)); provided that the 
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the contribution required to be made by 
the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to 3.3.1(6) so that, on a net basis after the return of contributions, 
all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its 
sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as "guaranteed payments" (as defined in Section 707(e) of 
the Code), other than the Additional Limited Partner, in proportion to their Contributions, all or a portion 
of the interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1. 
6.23 
Effect of Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall make all appropriate adjustments, including to the amount of the Partners' 
respective Contributions, unpaid Subscriptions, distributions, Capital Accounts and any other items that 
am adjusted for capital drawdomms, so that the amounts of all such items am, to the maximum extent 
possible, the same as they would have been had the capital drawdown that gave rise to any contribution 
that is returned pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 never occurred and to otherwise give effect to the intended 
economic arrangement set forth in 3.3. land 6.2.2. No such adjustments shall be made, however, to reflect 
any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to (a) Partner Interest or (b) the payment 
to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
A return of a Partner's capital contributions pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 shall reduce such Partner's Capital 
Account, but shall not otherwise be treated as a distribution for purposes of this Agreement. unless the 
context so requires. 
6.3 
FAILURE TO MAKE REQUIRED PAYMENT. 
63.1 Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any failure by a Limited Partner to pay a capital 
contribution in full when due or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement, interest will 
accrue at the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the date of full payment of such capital 
contribution by such Partner (or a transferee), including any interest accrued. The "Default Rate" with 
respect to any period shall be a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
such period. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the requirement to pay interest, in 
whole or in part. 
Glendoocr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100484 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246688 
EFTA01394468

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394469.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394469.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.2 
Default. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including in 11.1.8 and 14.7.11), if any 
Limited Partner fails to make a capital contribution when due, including in connection 
with recalls of distributions, or any other payment required pursuant to this Agreement 
(including (a) expenses incurred in respect of Transfers (b) expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership to the extent that any tax information or return is 
required to be prepared by the General Partner or the Partnership because of the identity, 
jurisdiction or action of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive 
Schedule K-I electronically) and (c) any applicable interest charged in connection with a 
subsequent closing), then the General Partner may designate such Partner a "Defaulting 
Partner". The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of each Partner to 
make the contributions to capital specified in this Agreement, and the Partnership shall 
have all remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such contribution is not so 
made. The remedies provided for in this 6.3.2 arc in addition to and not in limitation of 
any other right or remedy of the Partnership provided by law or equity, this Agreement, 
or any other agreement entered into by or among any one or more of the Partners and/or 
the Partnership (including, without limitation, any subscription agreement relating to the 
Partnership). Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that the remedy at law for damages 
resulting from its default under this Agreement is inadequate because the funding of 
Partnership investments and other obligations requires the timely availability of required 
capital contributions. In addition, (a) any material breach of any of the representations 
and warranties made by a Limited Partner in the subscription agreement or (b) any failure 
by a Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General Partner or 
Investment Manager in connection with anti-money laundering or similar programs, shall 
be considered a default hereunder and the General Partner may designate any such 
breaching Partner as a -Defaulting Partner". The Partners agree that the damages suffered 
by the Partnership as the result of a default by a Defaulting Partner will be substantial and 
that such damages cannot be estimated with reasonable accuracy. Upon the occurrence of 
a default by a Limited Partner (or, in the case of a Feeder Fund, a default by such Feeder 
Fund's limited partners), the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, pursue one or 
more of the following actions, as applicable: 
( I) 
The institution of an action for specific performance of the Defaulting Partner's 
obligation to contribute the capital contribution(s) in question: 
(2) 
Prohibit the Defaulting Partner from participating in any future capital calls; 
(3) 
Determine that no additional capital contribution shall be accepted from the 
Defaulting Partner. 
(4) 
Cause the compulsory redemption without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest; the redeemed Interest may 
be distributed to non-defaulting Limited Partners either (A) in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions or (B) on any other equitable basis as the 
General Partner determines. Non-defaulting Limited Partners who accept a 
distribution of all or a portion of such Defaulting Partner's Interest may, at the 
option of the General Partner, be obligated to fund any capital calls in 
connection therewith; 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.)* L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100485 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SIDNY GM_00246689 
EFTA01394469

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394470.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394470.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(5) 
Cause the compulsory Transfer without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest and its unpaid Subscription 
to any third party on such terms and conditions as the Investment Manager 
and/or General Partner deem appropriate; 
(6) 
Cause the Defaulting Partner not to share in any income or gain realized by the 
Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest of 
losses and Partnership Expenses; 
(7) 
Reduce the unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to zero or such other 
amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion; 
(8) 
Force the Defaulting Partner to sell its interest in the Partnership, with the full 
assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, including 
any portion then due and unpaid; 
(9) 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with interest (unless 
such interest is otherwise waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction of its 
then outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder, provided that such 
Limited Partner shall remain a Defaulting Partner until the next full calendar 
quarter following such contribution and applicable interest; 
(10) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner and any 
amounts required to be contributed to the Partnership by such Defaulting 
Partner related to reimbursement of Partnership Expenses or any current or 
future Management Fees to be assessed to such Limited Partner to become 
immediately due and payable; 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the Defaulting 
Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner an abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, including without limitation, such Partner's 
Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription; 
Withhold any distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting 
Partner until such time as the Partnership makes its final liquidating 
distribution, or until such earlier time as the General Partner may determine. 
Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by the 
Partnership for any purpose; 
(14) 
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and remedies against 
the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement 
of a lawsuit to collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, and 
reimbursement (with interest at the Default Rate) of any other damages 
suffered by the Partnership; 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100486 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246670 
EFTA01394470

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394471.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394471.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(15) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, limit or eliminate such 
Defaulting Partner's ability to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to 
any Partnership matter; 
(16) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, elect to terminate the 
interest of such Defaulting Partner, whereupon such Defaulting Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner, and shall have no further interest in the 
Partnership, including any right to receive distributions of cash or property, or 
to vote on any matter (if the General Partner elects to exercise its rights under 
this clause (a), the interest of such Defaulting Partner shall be reallocated 
among all non-Defaulting Partners, pro rata based on their respective 
Subscriptions); and 
(17) 
To the extent that such Defaulting Partner's Interests are treated on a look-
through basis by the Underlying Fund, such Defaulting Partner may also be 
subject to thc remedies prescribed by thc Underlying Fund. 
(b) 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns) may, in its sole discretion, exercise any remedy in respect 
of the Defaulting Partner and/or the interest of the Defaulting Partner that could have 
been exercised by the General Partner if the provisions of the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund were contained herein in their entirety, mitosis 
mutandis. In addition, in the event that a Limited Partner's default results in or 
contributes to a default by the Partnership under the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner may take any such actions in accordance with 
6.3.3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above shall be 
cumulative, and the use by the General Partner of one or more of them against a 
Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the use of any other such remedy. Each Limited 
Partner agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' 
fees) incurred by or on behalf of the Partnership in connection with the enforcement of 
this Agreement against such Limited Partner as a result of a default by such Limited 
Partner. 
(c) 
Upon an event of default by a Partner, if the General Partner elects to exercise its powers, 
duties or discretions with respect to such Partner under this 6.3.2, any income, profit or 
gain that otherwise would have been allocated to the Capital Account of such Defaulting 
Partner may be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all the other Partners (other than any 
other Defaulting Partner) pro rata in accordance with their respective Percentage 
Interests (calculated without giving effect to the Percentage Interest of any Defaulting 
Partner). 
(a) 
The application of the penalty provisions in this 6.3.2 shall not relieve any Defaulting 
Partner of its obligation to make all payments of its capital contributions when due. No 
course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner and no delay in 
exercising any right, power or remedy conferred in this 6.3.2 or existing at law or in 
equity or by statute or otherwise will operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice any such 
right, power or remedy. 
Glendoocr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100487 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248871 
EFTA01394471

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394472.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394472.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
63.3 
Bifurcated Default. 
If the Partnership fails to contribute all or any portion of any capital call amount set forth in a funding 
notice received from the Underlying Fund as and when due (an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure 
results from the failure of one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner. a "Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital call issued by the Partnership (regardless 
of whether or not such Defaulting Access Fund Investor is also a "Defaulting Partner" for purposes of this 
Agreement), then the general partner of the Underlying Fund has contractually agreed with the General 
Partner to only treat the Partnership as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund (an "Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner")) with respect to the portion 
of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund that has defaulted (e.g., if an Access Fund Default 
occurs whereby the Partnership only funds 95% of the capital call amount set forth in a funding notice for 
the Underlying Fund as a result of a default in a corresponding amount by one or more Defaulting Access 
Fund Investors, then 5% of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund nil] be treated as a 
Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner. In addition, the General Partner has agreed that, if the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund so requests upon any Access Fund Default, the General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the General Partner will delegate to the 
Underlying Fund, the authority to exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement against a Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were 
a Defaulting Partner (regardless of whether or not they have been deemed a "Defaulting Partner" pursuant 
to this Agreement), and the Partnership and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the general partner of the Underlying Fund in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of this Agreement, in order to equitably determine 
the rights and obligations of any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General Partner 
may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited partner of the Underlying Fund with a capital 
commitment equal to such Limited Partner's Subscription to the Partnership, and if any Limited Partner 
defaults on its commitment to the Partnership (thereby becoming a Defaulting Access Fund Investor), any 
default penalties imposed by the general partner of the Underlying Fund may be allocated solely by the 
General Partner to the applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent possible. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the default provisions under 6.3 to each investor in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund on a look-through basis as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Partnership instead of 
applying such provisions directly to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund. 
6.3.4 
Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
The General Partner is hereby specifically authorized to assign to a third party as security for 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Partnership (i) all or a portion of the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of the Limited Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and the General Partner's rights 
relating to the unpaid Subscriptions, including without limitation, the right to deliver notices, to receive 
payment of Subscriptions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with respect to unpaid Subscriptions 
and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to fund their respective unpaid Subscriptions 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided that the liability of the Limited 
Partners to make contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to 
execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any such assignment, including 
an agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Glendower Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-010O488 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246672 
EFTA01394472

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394473.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394473.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
As security for the payment and performance of its obligations under this Agreement (including its 
obligation to make capital contributions), each Limited Partner hereby assigns to the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns (including any Person to which the Partnership may assign such obligations as 
collateral for any borrowings), as a continuing security by way of first fixed charge, all of such Limited 
Partner's right, title, benefit and interest in and to such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. If a 
default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns may exercise 
all the rights of a secured party under applicable law, including the power to sell or otherwise dispose of, 
for any consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall think fit, the whole or any part 
of such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. Upon request of the Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, file and record any notice, 
financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or agreement that the 
Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable to create, perfect, continue or 
validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may 
consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights hereunder with respect to such security 
interest. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 
AMOUNT, TIMING AND FORM. 
7.1.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall determine the amount, timing 
and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all distributions made by the Partnership. 
7.1.2 
Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. 
The Partnership shall distribute, in the manner described in this Article 7 or Article 10, as the case may 
be, all cash proceeds of its investments as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to retain proceeds of 
investments for any amounts necessary to create, in the General Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the 
payment of Partnership Expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. 
7.2 
DISCRETIONARY DISTRIBUTIONS. 
7.2.1 
General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions shall be made to and among the Partners 
pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
The General Partner shall as necessary and in good faith adjust the amounts distributable to one or more 
Partners pursuant to this 7.2.1 to take into account (i) reserves established to pay Management Fees in 
future periods that are ultimately released or used to pay other Partnership Expenses, and (ii) other events 
or circumstances that would impact the amounts distributed to a Partner, provided that, any such 
adjustment shall, to the maximum extent possible, be intended to result in the Partners bearing the 
economic costs of the respective Management Fee attributed to them pursuant to 5.2.2.1 but otherwise 
sharing in the economic performance of the Partnership in proportion to their respective Subscriptions. 
Glendoocr Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100489 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248873 
EFTA01394473

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394474.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394474.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(b) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and (2) any amounts in the 
nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or 
Appendix 11; and 
(c) 
Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement including, but 
not limited to, 6.3.2(a)(5). 
8.1.2 
Timing of Allocations. 
Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other items of income, gain, loss and deduction pursuant to 
this Article 8 and Appendix 11 shall be made for each fiscal year of the Partnership as of the end of such 
fiscal year; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of the assets of the Partnership are adjusted in 
accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date of such adjustment shall be 
considered to be the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and allocating such Net Gain, Net 
Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
8.1.3 
Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 8.1, including the provisions relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(6) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), and 
shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such regulations. 
8.2 
ALLOCATIONS OF NET GAIN OR LOSS. 
8.2.1 
Net Gain and Net Loss, Generally. 
Except as explicitly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the items of income, gain, loss or deduction of 
the Partnership comprising Net Gain or Net Loss for a fiscal year shall be allocated by the General Partner 
among the Partners in a manner such that the Capital Account of each Partner, immediately after making 
such allocation, is, as nearly as possible. equal (proportionately) to: 
(a) 
the distributions that would be made to such Partner pursuant to 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the 
other provisions of Article 7) if (x) the Partnership were dissolved, its affairs wound up 
and its assets sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, (y) all Partnership liabilities 
were satisfied (limited in the case of each Nonrecourse Liability to the Carrying Value of 
the assets securing such liability) and (z) the net assets of the Partnership were distributed 
in accordance with 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the other provision of Article 7) to the Partners 
immediately after making such allocations, minus 
(b) 
such Partner's share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of the assets. 
All allocations may be adjusted in the sole discretion of the General Partner to take into account any 
charges or adjustments to be made to a Partner's Capital Account under this Agreement, including but not 
limited to, expenses specially charged to a Partner or a Partner's Capital Account and for Defaulting 
Partners. 
Glendoocr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100492 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002484378 
EFTA01394474

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394475.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394475.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 
Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
(b) 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the transferor or 
the transferee of thc Partnership interest involved to the extent such party bears thc 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
(c) 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 
Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due. allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case may be. 
OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II the following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to all Partners 
other than thc Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 
ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, loss and expense otherwise 
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when originally due; provided, however. 
that the allocations otherwise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code. 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100493 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464377 
EFTA01394475

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394476.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394476.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
9.1 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP. 
The term of the Partnership shall continue until the first anniversary of the dissolution of the Underlying 
Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically upon any extension thereof), unless its term is extended 
as provided in this 9.1, or unless it is sooner dissolved as provided in 9.2 or 9.3 or by operation of law. 
The term of the Partnership may be extended by the General Partner in its sole discretion. The General 
Partner shall notify the Limited Partners promptly of any extension. 
9.2 
DISSOLUTION UPON WITHDRAWAL OF GENERAL PARTNER. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be dissolved if there shall occur with respect to the General Partner 
any of the events of withdrawal described in Sections 17-402(a)(2) through 17-402(a)(1 I) 
of the Delaware Act, unless a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners elect to 
continue the Partnership and elect a replacement General Partner within ninety (90) days 
of the General Partner's withdrawal. 
(b) 
If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage of the period specified in the 
Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or (5) of the 
Delaware Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the occurrence of 
such event within 30 days after the occurrence of such event (or within the maximum 
time then permitted under the Delaware Act). 
(c) 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the event of the dissolution, death, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of any Limited Partner, or 
any other similar event involving the existence, status or organization of a Limited 
Partner. 
9.3 
DISSOLUTION BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Partnership and any of the Alternative Investment Vehicles at any 
time on not less than 30 days prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 
GENERAL 
Following dissolution. the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated in an orderly manner. The General 
Partner shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, however, that if there shall be no remaining General Partner at that time, a majority-in-interest 
of the Limited Partners may designate one or more other Persons to act as the liquidator (or liquidators) 
instead of the General Partner. Any such liquidator, other than the General Partner, shall be a "liquidating 
trustee" within the meaning of Section 17-101(10) of the Delaware Act. 
10.2 
LIQUIDATING DISTRIBUTIONS. 
The liquidator shall pay or provide for the satisfaction of the Partnership's liabilities and obligations to 
creditors. In performing its duties, the liquidator is authorized to sell, exchange or otherwise dispose of 
the assets of the Partnership in such reasonable manner as the liquidator shall determine. All items of 
income, gain, loss and expense shall be allocated among the Partners in accordance with Article 8 and 
Glendovwr Acceto Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rodined Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100494 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002461378 
EFTA01394476

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394477.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394477.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Appendix II and the remaining assets of the Partnership shall then be distributed to the Partners in cash 
(to the extent feasible) or in kind, in the sole discretion of the liquidator, in proportion to the positive 
balances in their respective Capital Accounts, after such Capital Accounts have been adjusted to reflect 
any Net Gain or Net Loss attributable to a distribution in kind. During the liquidation of the Partnership, 
the liquidator shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and other information specified in 14.2, 
subject to 14.7.8. 
103 
EXPENSES OF LIQUIDATOR. 
The expenses incurred by the liquidator in connection with winding up the Partnership and reasonable 
compensation for the services of the liquidator (if any) shall be borne by the Partnership. If the General 
Partner serves as the liquidator, it shall not be entitled to additional compensation for providing services 
in such capacity as long as it or an Affiliate continues to be entitled to payments of the Management Fees. 
10.4 
DURATION OF LIQUIDATION. 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up of the affairs of the Partnership in order to 
minimize any losses that might otherwise result. The liquidator shall use commercially reasonable efforts 
to carry out the liquidation in conformity with the timing requirements of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(bX2)(ii)(g), but will not be bound to do so or liable to any Partner for failure to do so. 
10.5 
LIABILITY FOR RETURNS. 
10.5.1 General. 
The liquidator, the General Partner and their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall not be personally liable for the return of the 
capital contributions of any Partner. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
No Limited Partner shall be obligated to restore to the Partnership any amount with respect to a negative 
Capital Account; provided, however, that this provision shall not affect the obligations of Partners to 
make their agreed-upon capital contributions and any other payments to the Partnership that are required 
under this Agreement or applicable law, including without limitation pursuant to 12.4. 
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 
TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS. 
11.1.1 General. 
No assignment, pledge, mortgage, hypothecation, sale or other disposal of or encumbrance (each such act, 
a "Transfer") of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, in whole or in part, shall be made other 
than pursuant to this 11.1. Any attempted Transfer of all or any part of a Limited Partner's interest in the 
Partnership without compliance with this Agreement shall be void. Each Transfer (a) shall be subject to 
all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth in this Agreement and (b) shall be 
evidenced by a written agreement executed by the transferor, the transferee(s) and the General Partner, in 
form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, and be effective as of the first day or last day of a 
fiscal quarter (unless otherwise agreed to by the General Partner). 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratined Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100495 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002461379 
EFTA01394477

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394478.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394478.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner. 
The prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion, 
shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, 
including a Transfer of solely an economic or synthetic interest in the Partnership. In determining 
whether to grant its consent to a Transfer, the General Partner shall take into account whether such 
Transfer would result in the "termination" of the Partnership pursuant to Section 708 of thc Code and, if 
so, whether such termination would result in material adverse income tax consequences or material 
additional expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. 
The General Partner shall not cause or permit any offering of interests in the Partnership to be registered 
under the Securities Act or to become "traded on an established securities market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof." and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that. to the General Partner's 
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a trade on a "secondary market 
or the substantial equivalent thereof." in each case within the meaning of Sections 7704 or 469(k) of the 
Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers. 
No Transfer of any "partnership interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in 
the Partnership or portion thereof or derivative interest therein shall be permitted or "recognized" (within 
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership or the General Partner unless 
either (a) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify, for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury Regulations under Section 7704 or 
(b) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the Partnership's tax advisors, that 
such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under 
Section 7704(6) of the Code. 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
(a) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General Partner, in connection 
with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
(I) 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through (A) a United States 
national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates 
firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may 
be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person 
who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to interests 
in the Partnership. 
(b) 
The transferor and transferee(s) shall provide such additional written representations as 
the General Partner reasonably may request, including representations required by 14.6.4. 
(c) 
The General Partner and counsel to the Partnership shall be permitted to rely upon any 
representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether pursuant to 11.1.5(a) or 
Otendoiser Accem Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100496 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246680 
EFTA01394478

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394479.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394479.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in its sole 
discretion. may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation. proof of payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(0(4) of the Code), and any similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
(c) 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
(e) 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act; 
(f) 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
(g) 
(h) 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code: 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying 
Fund: or 
Glendower Accetcc Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100497 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246681 
EFTA01394479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394480.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(j) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
My Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
My transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution that otherwise would have 
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 
ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to this Article I I that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) such transferee shall have no right 
Glendmwr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100498 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002484382 
EFTA01394480

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394481.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394481.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
to participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents granted or withheld by the Limited 
Partners hereunder, and (b) the transferor (or the estate, legal representative, or other successor of the 
original owner, if applicable) shall remain liable to the Partnership for all contributions and other amounts 
payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no Transfer had occurred. 
113 
NON-COMPLIANT TRANSFER. 
If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has not satisfied the requirements of this Article II 
(including, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, any transaction which does not otherwise 
constitute a Transfer but a purpose of which is to achieve indirectly a result similar to that which would 
be achieved directly if such transaction were structured as a Transfer), the General Partner shall not admit 
the purported transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor as the sole owner of the interest 
in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to the purported transferee and 
(c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial information regarding the Partnership. 
The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Partnership does not 
otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest in the Partnership (either legal or 
equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief, at 
the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent any such purported Transfer. 
11.4 
MULTIPLE OWNERSHIP. 
If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, the 
General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be designated as representing a portion 
of or the entire interest transferred for purposes of (a) receiving all notices which may be given, and all 
payments which may be made, under this Agreement and (b) exercising all rights which the transferor as 
a Limited Partner has pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.5 
No WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the right to withdraw from the 
Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, or to demand and receive any 
Partnership property in exchange for its interest in the Partnership. 
11.6 
REMOVAL OF A LIMITED PARTNER. 
The General Partner may require the complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner if: (i) the 
General Partner determines in good faith that, in consequence of a change in the direct or indirect 
ownership or control of such Limited Partner, continued participation by such Limited Partner is 
inconsistent with the best interests of the Partnership; (ii) such Limited Partner has used or disclosed 
confidential information in violation of 14.7.8; or (iii) the General Partner determines in its reasonable 
discretion that continued ownership of such Limited Partner in the Partnership would (a) constitute or 
give rise to a violation of applicable law, or (b) otherwise subject the Partnership or the General Partner to 
material onerous legal, tax or other regulatory requirements that cannot reasonably be avoided without 
material adverse consequences to any other Partner or the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the provisions of 
this 11.6 to each investor of any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis. 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100499 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246683 
EFTA01394481

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394482.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394482.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.7 
LOOK-THROUGH TREATMENT. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, apply any provision of this Agreement to the limited partners of a Feeder Fund on a look-
through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 
EXCULPATION. 
12.1.1 General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a Covered Person, shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of any 
investment or any other action or omission of such Covered Person if (a) such Covered Person acted in 
good faith, (b) such conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct and (c) with respect 
to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered Person had no reasonable cause to believe that his or 
her conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary• duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this Agreement, such Partner acting under 
this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any other Person bound by this 
Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, and the provisions of this 
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties (including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner otherwise existing at law or in equity, 
are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For purposes of this Article 12, (i) 
"Covered Person" shall mean the Investment Manager, the General Partner (including without limitation 
the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner, Partnership Representative or as liquidator), the 
members of the General Partner, the respective officers, directors, managers, members or partners, of the 
Investment Manager or General Partner, each partner, member, stockholder, officer, director, manager, 
employee. agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and the Administrator, and (ii) the General Partner 
shall be responsible for determining in its sole discretion if clauses (a), (b) and (c) of the first sentence of 
this 12.1.1 were satisfied. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others. 
No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, whether by action or omission, dishonesty or bad 
faith of any employee, broker or other agent of the Partnership selected by any Covered Person with 
reasonable care. 
12.13 Liquidator. 
No Person other than the General Partner that serves as liquidator pursuant to Article 10 shall be liable to 
the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any Partner which arises out of 
any action or omission of such Person, provided that such Person acted in good faith and, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was 
unlawful. 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts. 
No Covered Person and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in good faith if such action or 
Glendovwr Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100500 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246684 
EFTA01394482

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394483.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394483.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of valuation), provided that any such professional or 
finn is selected by any such Person with reasonable cam. 
12.2 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, 
trustcc, employee, agent and Affiliate of any of the foregoing (each, an ""Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee continues to serve in such capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including unpaid Subscriptions, the proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and expenses, costs of investigations and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind or nature, whatsoever or however arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative body or agency), to which the Indemnitee may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager. trustee, employee, consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has served as a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An Indemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which the Indemnitee shall have 
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may. in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the General Partner directly or 
Glendovwr Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100501 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248685 
EFTA01394483

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394484.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394484.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 
Priority of ndemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers (or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the amount of indemnification 
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable Third-Part• Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
Glendovwr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100502 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246686 
EFTA01394484

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394485.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394485.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorney's' fees), judgment and/or liability. To the extent that the 
Partnership is required to provide indemnification payments to an Indemnitee pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, it hereby waives and releases the General Partner and their respective Affiliates (other than 
the Partnership) from any claims for contribution, subrogation or any other recovery of any kind in 
respect of such indemnification payments from the Partnership. 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner. 
Notwithstanding 12.2.1 and 12.2.3, the General Partner in its sole discretion may limit or eliminate 
indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to any Indemnitee. 
12.3 
LIMITATION BY LAW. 
If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself is subject to any law, rule or regulation 
which restricts the extent to which any Person may be exculpated or indemnified by the Partnership, the 
exculpation provisions set forth in 12.1 and the indemnification provisions set forth in 12.2, as applied to 
such Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be amended, automatically and 
without further action by thc Partners. to thc minimum extent necessary to conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 
RETURN OF CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation under this Article 12 or otherwise (including, but not limited to, the obligation to return, 
recontribute or reinvest a distribution received from the Underlying Fund pursuant to and in accordance 
with the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund), then the General Partner may require that 
each Partner return to the Partnership distributions received from the Partnership pursuant to Articles 7 
and 10, upon not less than seven (7) days' prior written notice from the General Partner, equal to its pro 
rata share, based on the relative Subscriptions of the Partners of the amount necessary to satisfy such 
liability or obligation; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 25% of all distributions received by 
such Partner from the Partnership, unless the Partnership is othenvise required to return distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (in which case 
such Partner would be required to bear its proportionate share of any such return obligation),. In addition, 
no Partner shall be required to return distributions to the Partnership after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the term of the Partnership as set forth in 9.1, provided that if at the end of such period there 
are any proceedings or claims outstanding (including any proceedings or claims relating to the Underlying 
Fund), the General Partner shall notify the Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended 
until the date such proceedings or claims arc ultimately resolved and distributions arc returned to the 
Partners in respect thereof. A Partner's obligation to return distributions to the Partnership under this 12.4 
shall survive the liquidation of the Partnership and the withdrawal of a Partner from the Partnership, and 
the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Partner under 
this 12.4, including treating such Partner as a Defaulting Partner with all the rights and remedies of the 
Partnership set forth in 6.3. The provisions of this 12.4 shall not be construed or interpreted as inuring to 
the benefit of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100503 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246687 
EFTA01394485

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394486.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394486.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 
AMENDMENTS. 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement may be 
waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or amended, during or after the term of the 
Partnership. with the prior written consent of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited 
Partners: provided, however, that any provision of this Agreement requiring the written vote or consent of 
a greater percentage in interest of the Partners may be waived on behalf of all Partners, modified. 
terminated or amended only with the vote or written consent of the General Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Partners as is required by such provision. Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article 13, the General Partner, without the consent of any other Partner, may amend 
any provision of this Agreement (a) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited Partner to 
any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or waive in any material respect the duties and 
obligations of the General Partner to the Partnership or the Limited Partners, (b) to cure any ambiguity or 
correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or 
to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement shall accurately reflect the 
agreement among the Partners, (c) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (d) to address changes in financial, regulatory or 
tax legislation, which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Partnership, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic returns of the Limited 
Partners. 
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. 
No amendment shall increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or dilute the interest of any Limited 
Partner relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such interest without the prior written 
consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from additional Subscriptions from 
the Partners or the admission of Additional Limited Partners pursuant to this Agreement, and pursuant to 
an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under 3.3.3 and 6.3. 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions. 
Without the prior written consent of a majority-in-interest of all ERISA Partners, the text of 4.2, 1 1 .1.6(a) 
and this 13.1.3 shall not be amended. 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments. 
The General Partner shall famish copies of any amendments to this Agreement to all Partners, other than 
changes in the List of Partners to reflect the admission, withdrawal or substitution of Partners, changes in 
the addresses of Partners or otherwise in accordance with 3.1, and changes in the Subscriptions of 
Partners (in each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall not require the consent of or 
notice to any Limited Partner. 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
Any consent or approval required pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (including, without limitation, 
(i) any required consent to a transaction that would result in an "assignment" (within the meaning of the 
Otendovwr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100504 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246588 
EFTA01394486

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394487.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394487.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Advisers Act) of any management agreement or other similar agreement, or (ii) any approvals required 
under the Advisers Act, including approvals required under Section 206(3) thereof) may be obtained by 
the General Partner sending notice to the Limited Partners of the requested consent or approval and 
instructing the Limited Partners who object to such consent or approval to notify the General Partner of 
their objection in writing within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of such request. In such case, 
Limited Partners who have not so objected to a proposed consent or approval request 
be deemed to 
have consented to or approved any such request. 
13.2 
VOTING AND CONSENTS. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest of the 
Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the written vote or written consent 
of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified percentage of the aggregate 
Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). 
Similarly, whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified percentage in interest 
of a specified class or group of Limited Partners such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all Limited Partners of such class or 
group at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). For these purposes, a 
majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%, and Non-Voting Interests, if 
any, shall not be taken into account. Any limited partner interest held by the General Partner or any 
Defaulting Partner shall be deemed a Non-Voting Interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the General 
Partner intends to cause the Partnership to vote its interest in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 
KEEPING OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
(a) 
At all times the General Partner shall cause to be kept proper and complete books of 
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting. The General 
Partner shall also maintain: (I) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (2) the Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in effect from 
time to time; (3) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to which any 
document described in clause (I) or (2) has been executed by the Partnership; (4) the List 
of Partners; (5) copies of all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each of the prior three 
years; and (6) all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the prior three years. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a copy of the signature page to this 
Agreement signed by such Limited Partner, and relevant information regarding. such 
Limited Partner, but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not otherwise be entitled 
to receive or have access to the signature pages to this Agreement. In addition, the 
General Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential from the Limited 
Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, any 
information which the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the nature of trade 
secrets or other information the disclosure of which the General Partner in good faith 
believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or its business or any Limited 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100505 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246689 
EFTA01394487

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394488.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394488.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a third party to keep 
confidential. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for record with the appropriate public authorities and, if required, publish 
the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments thereto. 
14.2 
FINANCIAL REPORTS. 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership receives the 
relevant information from the Underlying Fund), the audited financial statements of the Partnership for 
such fiscal year. Commencing with the fiscal year in which the Initial Drawdown Date occurs and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, such financial statements shall be prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States or another comprehensive basis of accounting, in each 
cast consistently applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement except that Partnership assets 
shall be valued in accordance with 14.3. 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each Partnership fiscal year (subject to the time the Partnership 
receives the relevant information from the Underlying Fund), such Partner's Schedule K-1 (Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1065) or an equivalent report indicating such Partner's sham of all items of 
income or gain, expense, loss or other deduction and tax credit of the Partnership for such year, as well as 
the status of such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and such additional information as 
such Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns or to fulfill any other reporting 
requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional information without 
unreasonable effort or expense: provided that it is understood that the Partnership does not expect to be 
able to deliver Schedules K-I to the Partners prior to April 15 of each year, and accordingly, the Partners 
will be required to obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to each Limited Partner, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 
the Partnership (subject to the time the Partnership receives the relevant information from the Underlying 
Fund), quarterly reports of the Partnership for the quarter then ended; provided, however, that this 14.2.3 
shall not apply to any fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter in which the Partnership invests in the 
Underlying Fund. 
14.2.4 Information Rights. 
Limited Partners will not receive all of the information or reports that are provided to direct limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, even though the General Partner may have access to such information. 
Glendower Aeccta Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratined Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100506 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246690 
EFTA01394488

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394489.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394489.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set forth in the List of Partners, or 
to such other address or facsimile number as the addressee previously may have specified by written 
notice given in the manner specified in this 14.4 to the Partnership, in the case of the Limited Partners, or 
to the Limited Partners, in the case of the Partnership or the General Partner. Notices shall be deemed 
received one Business Day after they are given, sent or delivered, except that notices sent by first class 
mail shall be deemed received three Business Days after they arc mailed. Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this 14.4, the General Partner, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be deemed to 
have satisfied its obligations to transmit notices, financial statements and reports pursuant to this 14.4 
(other than United States Federal tax statements, schedules and forms if and to the extent not permitted by 
law to be made available in a manner described in this sentence) and amendments to this Agreement 
pursuant to 13.1.4 if the General Partner posts such financial statements, reports and/or amendments on a 
web site and gives notice to the Limited Partners pursuant to the preceding sentences in this 14.4, of the 
availability of such financial statements, reports and/or amendments, the URL address of the web site and 
a password for access to such web site, if necessary. 
14.5 
ACCOUNTING PROVISIONS. 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year. 
The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be the calendar year or, if the Partnership is required to use a 
different year as its taxable year for federal income tax purposes, such other year. 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants. 
The Partnership's independent public accountants shall at all times be a nationally or regionally 
recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General Partner. The General Partner may 
change the Partnership's accountants from time to time. 
14.6 
TAX PROVISIONS. 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership. 
The General Partner (a) will not cause or permit the Partnership to elect ( I) to be excluded from the 
provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as a corporation for federal 
income tax purposes or (3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" as defined in Section 775 of the 
Code; (b) will cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably determined to be necessary or 
appropriate in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. (c) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (d) shall not take any action that 
would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership for such purposes. 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
(a) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership ending prior to January I, 2018 (or if the effective date 
of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the "BBA') is extended, such later 
extended date), the "tax matters partner," as defined in Section 6231 of the Code, of the 
Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner") shall be the General Partner. All expenses 
incurred by the Tax Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its capacity as 
such (including professional fees for such accountants, attorneys and agents as the Tax 
Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion determines are 
Glendoocr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100508 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246692 
EFTA01394489

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394490.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394490.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
necessary• to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) shall be borne by 
the Partnership. 
(b) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if the effective 
date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended date): (i) the General 
Partner shall be designated the `partnership representative" within the meaning of 
Section 6223(a) of the Code (the "Partnership Representative") and the General Partner 
shall be authorized to take any actions necessary• under Treasury• Regulations or other 
guidance to cause the General Partner to be designated as such; (ii) the Partnership and 
each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the Partnership 
Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii) the Partners consent to 
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code and agree to take any action, and 
furnish the General Partner with any information necessary, to give effect to such election 
if the General Partner decides to make such election; and (iv) any imputed underpayment 
imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 6232 of the Code (and any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by such Partners 
to the Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such 
underpayment) within 15 days following the General Partner's request for payment (and 
any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in distributions 
otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount calculated at the Prime 
Rate plus 2%). Any references to Code Sections set forth in this 14.6.2(b) refer to those 
Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 
2017 (or if the effective date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended 
date). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the costs of any action taken by or on behalf of the 
General Partner, the Partnership or their respective Affiliates pursuant to this 14.6.2(b) 
shall be borne by the Limited Partner benefitting from such action (together with the 
other Limited Partners similarly benefitting from such actions, in proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests), (ii) the General Partner will be entitled to rely 
conclusively on the advice of the Partnership's independent accountant or other tax 
advisor in making any determination in respect of the partnership tax audit rules 
prescribed by the BBA, and (iii) the General Partner shall not be required to indemnify 
any Limited Partner or the Partnership with respect to any taxes incurred under such 
partnership tax audit rules. 
(c) 
Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such information, forms or 
representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with respect to the 
Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any information, forms or 
representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing authority or 
other governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the Partnership. 
Each Partner agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information regarding 
the Partner and its beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner requests so that the 
Partnership may avoid any adverse consequences under FATCA. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Partner's subscription agreement, if 
any, the Partner hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. law, to the extent such 
law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority 
any information required to be reported with respect to such Partner, its beneficial owners 
or the Partnership. 
Glendoocr Accetec Secondary Opportunitios IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratided Limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100509 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246693 
EFTA01394490

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394491.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394491.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
agrees to provide any information or certifications (including without limitation 
information about such Limited Partner's direct and indirect owners) that may reasonably 
be requested by the Partnership to allow the Partnership, the Underlying Fund or any 
member of any --expanded affiliated group" (as defined in Section 147I(e)(2) of the 
Code) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund belongs to (I) enter into, maintain 
or otherwise comply with the agreement contemplated by Section 1471(b) of the Code or 
under any applicable intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States 
and another country (or under any applicable local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement) to which the Partnership or the Underlying Fund may 
be subject; (2) satisfy any information reporting requirements imposed by FATCA; and 
(3) satisfy, any requirements necessary to avoid withholding taxes under FATCA with 
respect to any payments to be received or made by the Partnership or the Underlying 
Fund. 
(e) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each Limited Partner 
further agrees that, if such Limited Partner fails to comply with any of the requirements 
of this 14.6.2 in a timely manner or if the General Partner determines that such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership would otherwise have a material adverse effect 
on the Partnership or the Partners as a result of FATCA, then (1) the General Partner, in 
its sole discretion, may (A) cause such Limited Partner to transfer its interest in the 
Partnership to a third party (including, without limitation, an existing Partner) or 
otherwise withdraw from the Partnership in exchange for consideration which the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, after taking into account all relevant facts and 
circumstances surrounding such transfer or withdrawal (including, without limitation, the 
desire to effect such transfer or withdrawal as expeditiously as possible in order to 
minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the other Partners as a result of 
FATCA), deems to be appropriate or (B) take any other action the General Partner deems 
in good faith to be reasonable to minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the 
other Partners as a result of FATCA: and (2) unless otherwise agreed by the General 
Partner in writing, the Limited Partner shall, to the maximum extent permitted by 
applicable law. indemnify the Partnership for all loss, cost, expenses, damage, claims and 
demands (including, but not limited to, any withholding tax, penalties or interest suffered 
by the Partnership) arising as a result of such Limited Partner's failure to comply with the 
above requirements in a timely manner. 
(0 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the provisions of 7.4 
and this 14.6.2 will survive the liquidation or dissolution of the Partnership and each 
Partner agrees to continue to be bound to the terms of 7.4 and this 14.6.2 following such 
Partner's termination of its interest in the Partnership. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers. 
Each Limited Partner agrees that (a) with respect to its limited partnership interest, it will not require the 
Partnership to elect, and the Partnership shall not be required to elect, the application of Section 1045 of 
the Code (dealing with rollovers of gains realized on the disposition of "qualified small business stock" as 
defined in Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state income tax law; (b) without 
the prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make any election referred to in the 
preceding clause (a) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the General Partner any 
obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish information, maintain records or file 
returns or other documents); and (c) the Partnership shall not be required to comply with any tax reporting 
Glendorwr Accea Secondary Opportunities R• (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100510 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246694 
EFTA01394491

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394492.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394492.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or accounting requirements (including, but not limited to, those relating to the adjustment of the tax basis 
of any asset of the Partnership or the interest in the Partnership of any Partner) that may be imposed under 
Section 1045 of the Code, and shall not be required to provide any information necessary to enable such 
Partner to comply with or elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, in each case with respect to 
rollovers of qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on behalf of any Partner. 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership. 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an election under Section 732(d) 
of the Code without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The General Partner may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 754 of the Code or an 
election to be treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited Partner 
shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status. (ii) not take any action that would be 
inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any information necessary to allow 
the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other obligations as an electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee, promptly 
following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, with the information required under the Code, 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any successor guidance) or otherwise to be famished to the 
Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is necessary to enable the Partnership and 
such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 743(e) of the Code. Whether 
or not the Partnership makes an election to be treated as an electing investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner or former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to comply with (a) its obligations to 
make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (b) any other tax reporting 
obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer to a Limited Partner (or the 
transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership adjusting the basis of Partnership 
property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the Partnership by reason of such transfer (or, in 
the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner, such Limited Partner) hereby agrees to reimburse 
the Partnership and/or the General Partner within 10 business days for any expenses (including, without 
limitation, accounting fees) reasonably incurred by the Partnership and/or the General Partner (and their 
respective affiliates) from time to time in connection with effecting such adjustments to the basis of 
Partnership property and any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of Partnership gains and losses 
as it relates to such transfer. 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency. 
For United States federal, state and local income tax purposes, each Limited Partner shall report the tax 
items attributable to its participation in the Partnership on its income tax returns in a manner consistent 
with the tax treatment of such items as (or to be) reported to it by the Partnership on Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1065 Schedule K-1 (or any such successor form or schedule). 
14.7 
GENERAL PRovisioNs. 
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement (including by execution of a counterpart 
signature page hereto directly or by power of attorney) constitutes and appoints the General Partner as its 
true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and stead, to make, execute, sign, 
acknowledge and deliver or file (a) the Certificate of Limited Partnership and any other instruments, 
documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by any law to effectuate, implement 
Glendovwr ACCCA Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100511 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246695 
EFTA01394492

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394493.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394493.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
and continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicles, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (b) all instruments, documents and certificates that may be required 
to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund in accordance with the provisions hereof and the Delaware Act (and, 
in the case of an Alternative Investment Vehicle, in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which 
any such Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund was formed), (c) all other 
amendments of this Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership contemplated by this Agreement 
including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or substitution of any Partner, or any 
action of the Partners duly taken pursuant to this Agreement whether or not such Partner voted in favor of 
or otherwise approved such action, (d) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to 
time to admit a Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect the substitution of the Partner's 
assignee as a Partner. or to reflect any action of the Partners provided for in this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, the admission of any Partner to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund), (e) any other instrument, certificate or document required from time to time to 
effect the Transfer of a Defaulting Partner's interest, and (f) any agreement or instrument necessary• or 
advisable to consummate any investment pursuant to 3.5, including the execution of the organizational 
documents with respect to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (and 
any amendments thereto consistent with 3.5 and 3.6); provided. however, that no actions shall be taken by 
the General Partner under the power of attorney granted pursuant to this 14.7.1 that would have any 
adverse effect on the limited liability of any Limited Partner. The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a 
special power of attorney coupled with an interest in favor of the General Partner and as such shall be 
irrevocable and shall survive the death or disability of a Partner that is a natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, 
limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Partner of the whole or any 
portion of its interest, except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has appointed the General 
Partner as its true and lawful attorney in fact on the terms hereof, this power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to execute, acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a Partner and 
shall thereafter terminate. This power of attorney may be exercised by such attorney in fact and agent for 
each of the Limited Partners (or any of them) by a single signature of the General Partner acting as 
attorney in fact with or without listing all of the Limited Partners executing an instrument. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents. 
Each Partner hereby agrees to execute all certificates, counterparts, amendments, instruments or 
documents that may be required by laws of the various jurisdictions in which the Partnership conducts its 
activities, to conform with the laws of such jurisdictions governing limited partnerships, or to comply 
with the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund. 
14.73 Limited Partner Information. 
Each Limited Partner further agrees that, upon request by the General Partner, such Limited Partner shall 
provide all information and documentation in its possession or that can reasonably be obtained by it 
necessary or desirable for, or reasonably requested by, the General Partner, as applicable, for the purpose 
of complying with the disclosure obligations to the Underlying Fund, or to respond to any inquires or 
requests regarding such Limited Partner made by (A) any potential limited partners or limited partners of 
the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, including, without limitation, state and 
municipal pension plans, (B) any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, (C) any regulatory' or self-
regulatory body and (D) any bank or other financial institution as reasonably required to obtain credit 
facilities or borrowings as described in 4.2 of this Agreement, or in each case above to update such 
information. Each Limited Partner understands and agrees that any such information and/or 
Glendovwr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100512 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246696 
EFTA01394493

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394494.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394494.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
documentation may be provided, without the consent of such Limited Partner, to the requesting potential 
limited partner or limited partner of the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, 
governmental or quasigovemmental agency, regulatory or self-regulatory body or bank or other financial 
institution. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the respective heirs, successors. 
permitted assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto. 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 
Delaware. In determining what action, if any, shall be taken against a Limited Partner in connection with 
such Limited Partner's breach of this Agreement, the General Partner shall seek to obtain the best result 
(as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) for the Partnership and the other Partners. 
Each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event such Limited Partner violates the terms 
of this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to claim that the Partnership or any of the 
other Partners are precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty arising in respect of such Limited 
Partner's status as such, from seeking any of the penalties or other remedies permitted under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition. 
Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have to maintain an action for 
partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
Each Partner understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer contained in this Agreement, it 
must bear the economic risks of its investment for an indefinite period because the Partnership interests 
have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred unless they are registered under 
the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an exemption from such registration is 
available. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality. 
(a) 
A Limited Partner's rights to arenx or receive any information about the Partnership or 
its business including, without limitation, (i) information to which a Limited Partner is 
provided access pursuant to 14.2, (ii) financial statements, reports and other information 
provided pursuant to 14.3, (iii) the offering documents for the Partnership, this 
Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements, (iv) any 
documents or information provided to the Partnership by the Underlying Fund or any of 
its Affiliates, and (v) any information provided to any Limited Partner pursuant to a Side 
Letter or otherwise provided to a Limited Partner by the General Partner or its Affiliates, 
(the information in (i) through (v), the -Partnership Information"), arc conditioned on 
such Limited Partner's agreement, willingness and ability to assure that the Partnership 
Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for purposes reasonably related 
to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such Partnership 
Glendower Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100513 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464397 
EFTA01394494

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394495.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394495.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7.8(a) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the confidentiality 
restrictions in 14.7.8(6). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the exception of the 
Schedule K-I or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 14.2.2, the 
General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for such period of 
time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with any Partnership 
Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive or to have 
access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant to 14.2) or 
the Delaware Act if: (i) the Partnership or the General Partner is required by law or by 
agreement with a third party to keep such Partnership Information confidential; (ii) the 
General Partner in good faith believes that the disclosure of such Partnership Information 
to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its business (which may include a determination by the General Partner 
that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity holders is disclosing or may 
disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such disclosure by such 
Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the Partnership or its 
business) or (iii) such Limited Partner has notified the General Partner of its election not 
to have access to, or to receive such Partnership Information. 
(e) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Partnership or the General 
Partner and its partners may acquire confidential information related to third parties that 
pursuant to fiduciary, contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be disclosed to the 
Limited Partners; and (ii) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner and its equity 
holders shall be in breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware Act in 
consequence of acquiring, holding or failing to disclose such information to the Limited 
Partners so long as such obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(f) 
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners agree that the Partnership 
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the right to an injunction 
or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to comply with its 
obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership Information, as set forth 
in I4.7.8(a) and 14.7.8(b). 
(s) 
To the maximum extent permitted by law and for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions 
of this 14.7.8 shall survive the withdrawal of any Partner from the Partnership and shall 
be enforceable against such Partner after such withdrawal. 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. 
Whenever the context of this Agreement permits. the masculine gender shall include the feminine and 
neuter genders, and reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable with the other. The invalidity 
or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the other provisions, 
and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any such invalid or unenforceable 
provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order to give effect to the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to particular Sections of the Code or the 
Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed to refer to such Sections or provisions as they may be 
amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and do 
not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It is the intention of the parties that c% cry covenant, term, 
and provision of this Agreement shall be construed simply according to its fair meaning and not strictly 
for or against any party (notwithstanding any rule of law requiring an Agreement to be strictly construed 
Glendovwr Accetec Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100515 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_002464399 
EFTA01394495

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394496.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394496.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL DUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this Agreement are sophisticated and 
have had adequate opportunity and means to retain counsel to represent their interests and to otherwise 
negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of the Delaware Act, the Limited Partners shall 
constitute a single class or group of limited partners. This Agreement or any amendment hereto may be 
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which when signed by the General Partner shall be an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement or amendment, as the case may be. 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
Except as otherwise agreed to by the General Partner and a Limited Partner with respect to any particular 
controversy or claim, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be settled 
through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association, and 
judgment upon an award arising in connection therewith may be entered in any court of competent 
jurisdiction. Any arbitration, mediation, court action, or other adjudicative proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement shall be held in New York City, New York or, if such proceeding cannot be 
lawfully held in such location, as near thereto as applicable law permits. 
14.7.11 Side Letters. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, enter into a letter agreement or side letter with one or more Limited Partners (each, a "Side 
Letter") providing that the terms of this Agreement are amended and/or supplemented with respect to 
such Limited Partner and, with respect to any such Limited Partner, the terms of such Side Letter shall be 
controlling, and the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed amended, modified and/or supplemented to 
the extent required to effectuate the provisions of such Side Letters. Other than as amended, modified 
and/or supplemented by such Side Letter, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect 
to such Limited Partner, and shall remain in full force and effect without any modification with respect to 
a Limited Partner who is not party to such Side Letter. 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement. 
This Agreement, the subscription agreements , the Side Letters and any other writing between any 
Limited Partners and the General Partner or the Investment Manager entered into in connection herewith, 
shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and shall supersede any prior understanding or agreement, oral or written with 
respect thereto. 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information. 
The General Partner may from time to time conduct an inquiry of all Limited Partners whose 
Subscriptions equal or exceed 20% (or such lower percentage as necessitated by applicable law) of the 
Subscriptions of all Limited Partners (each, a "20% Holder") as to whether any 20% Holder is a "bad 
actor-  within the meaning of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act (a "Bad Actor"). If (a) any 20% 
Holder fails to provide any requested information to the General Partner within ten (10) Business Days 
after the date of the request therefor or (b) any 20% Holder indicates that it is a Bad Actor, then such 20% 
Holder agrees that (i) it shall not cast any vote in respect of any portion of its interest in the Partnership 
that represents 20% or more of the total Subscriptions of the Limited Partners, and (ii) the General Partner 
may take such actions as it deems appropriate with respect to such 20% Holder or otherwise in order to 
ensure that the Partnership may continue to rely on Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the voting restrictions under this 14.7.13 shall cease as to 
Glendoocr Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100516 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246700 
EFTA01394496

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394497.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394497.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
a 20% Holder at such time as such 20% Holder certifies or recertifies to the General Partner that it is not a 
Bad Actor. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
Glendower Aecc& Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Ratated limited Partnership Agreanenl 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100517 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245701 
EFTA01394497

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394498.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394498.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. as of the date first 
above written. 
GENERAL PARTNER: 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: -11400.AA5 f O eT t tJ 
Title: 
c c.)
LIMITED PARTNERS: 
By: iCapital Advisors, LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
(for and on behalf of each Limited Partner set forth on 
the List of Partners, as attorney-in-fact) 
By: 
Name: n\-1-OKAS 
Title: 
CO 0 
INITIAL LIMITED PARTNER (hereby withdrawing): 
Name: Michael Stanton 
Glaidower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100518 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246702 
EFTA01394498

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394499.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394499.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX I 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities W (U.S.), L.P. 
DErenrioNs 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below (such 
meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the terms so defined). Additional 
defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which they relate. 
20% Holder 
Access Fund Default 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Administrator 
Advisers Act 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicles 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
Approved Agent 
BBA 
Beneficial Interest 
As set forth in 14.7.13. 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
The administrator of the Partnership, as appointed by the General Partner. 
The United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
With respect to the Person to which it refers. a Person that directly or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such subject Person. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(a). 
As set forth in 3.3.3(aX2). 
Means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) representative of a Partner who is deceased; (ii) trustee in bankruptcy 
of a Partner who is bankrupt; or (iii) curator, guardian or receiver of a 
Partner who is mentally incapable of managing his affairs. The General 
Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the 
written representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent 
is the duly appointed agent or nominee (or both) of any Partner or of 
any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further investigation 
or verification. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 5130. 
(ilendmver Access Sccondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245703 
DB-SDNY-0100519 
EFTA01394499

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394500.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394500.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Business Day 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wcdncsday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York, are 
required by law to remain closed. 
Capital Account 
As set forth in 8.1.1. 
Carrying Value 
Code 
Contribution 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax 
purposes; provided, however, that (i) the initial Carrying Value of any asset 
contributed to thc Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its gross fair market 
value at the time of its contribution, and (ii) the Carrying Values of all assets 
held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross fair 
market values (taking Section 7701(g) of the Code into account) upon an 
election by the Partnership to revalue its property in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2Xiv)(f) and upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. The Carrying Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was 
adjusted pursuant to the preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2Xiv)(a 
The United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto, and, as applicable, the Treasury 
Regulations thereunder. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in accordance 
with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 6.2 
(relating to the return of contributions subject to subsequent drawdown) and 
6.3.2(a)(5), but excluding the contribution of an interest-equivalent amount 
pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4), the amount of any interest payable pursuant to 6.3.1 
and 6.3.2, and any other amounts contributed pursuant to 5.2.1.5, 11.1.8 or 
Article 12. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Covered Company Person or (ii) a Person (other 
Partner 
than an Exempt Entity) in which a Covered Company Person has a direct or 
indirect Beneficial Interest. 
Covered Company 
Refers to a Person that is an executive officer or director of a "public 
Person 
company" or "covered non-public company" (in each case as defined in Rule 
5131) or a person "materially supported" (as defined in Rule 5131) by such an 
officer or director. 
Covered Company 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
Person Ownership 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Covered Company Persons with 
Percentage 
respect to a particular company. 
Covered Person 
As set forth in 12.1.1. 
Credit Facility 
As set forth in 4.2. 
Default Rate 
As set forth in 6.3.1. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-2 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100520 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246704 
EFTA01394500

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394501.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394501.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Defaulting Access 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Fund Investor 
Defaulting Partner 
As set forth in 6.3.2. 
Delaware Act 
As set forth in 2.1. 
Delayed Payment 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner pursuant to 
Interest 
6.3.1 and (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid capital contributions paid by 
any Partner pursuant to 6.3.2. 
ERISA 
ERISA Partner 
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and 
(unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
Any Limited Partner which (a) is (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any other entity or 
account, any of the assets of which constitute "plan assets," within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, of a plan described in (a)(i) or (aXii) 
above, or (iv) a nominee for, or is using the assets of, or is a trust established 
pursuant to, one or more such employee benefit plans or other plans, and 
(b) has notified the General Partner in writing of its status as an ERISA 
Partner. 
Exempt Entity 
An entity described in paragraph (c) of Rule 5130 as specifically eligible to 
purchase new issue securities, other than an entity described in subparagraph 
(c)(4) (Le., an entity relying on the 10% "de minimis" exception under Rule 
5130). 
FATCA 
Feeder Fund 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations 
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and 
all applicable intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United 
States and another country (or local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement). 
Any feeder fund (including the Offshore Access Fund) that may be formed to 
invest all of the subscriptions made by the limited partners of such feeder fund 
in the Partnership and that is designated as a Feeder Fund by the General 
Partner. 
Final Closing Date 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
Freely Tradable 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
Security 
(a) 
The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be immediately 
sold by the Partnership to the general public without the necessity of any 
federal, state or local government consent, approval or filing (other than any 
notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h) under the Securities 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-3 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100521 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248705 
EFTA01394501

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394502.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394502.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
General Partner 
Indemnitee 
Initial Agreement 
Initial Closing Date 
Initial Drawdown 
Date 
Initial Limited 
Partner 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment Manager 
Investment Subsidiary 
Limited Partners 
Act or Section 13 or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), 
and 
(b) 
Such securities arc either listed on a national securities exchange or 
market quotations arc readily available for such security. 
If only a portion of the Partnership's holdings of securities satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence, that portion of the Partnership's 
holdings of such securities shall constitute Freely Tradable Securities. In 
addition to the foregoing. in the case of a distribution or proposed distribution 
of securities in kind, such securities shall also constitute Freely Tradable 
Securities if the entire portion of the distribution made to the Limited Partners 
can be immediately sold by them under the terms provided for in clause (a) of 
this definition and the condition provided for in clause (b) of this definition is 
satisfied, assuming for purposes of this sentence that no Limited Partner is or 
has been an Affiliate of the issuer of such securities and without regard to any 
restrictions on sale applicable to particular Limited Partners because of the 
particular nature or status of such Limited Partners. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may subject such Freely 
Tradable Securities to such conditions and restrictions as the General Partner 
determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the value of such Freely 
Tradable Securities or for legal reasons. 
Initially, the entity named as General Partner in the introductory paragraph of 
this Agreement, and any successor General Partner. 
As set forth in 12.2.1. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
As set forth in 6.1.2. 
Michael Stanton 
The Investment Company Act of 1940, as from time to time amended and in 
effect. 
Means iCapital Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or a 
successor management company appointed by the Partnership in accordance 
with the terms of this Agreement and the Management Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(f). 
Those Persons listed in the List of Partners as limited partners, together with 
any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the Partnership after 
the date hereof. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-4 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Apeenient 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245706 
DB-SDNY-0 100522 
EFTA01394502

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394503.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394503.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
List of Partners 
Management 
Agreement 
Management Fee 
Management Fee Rate 
Net Gain or Loss 
Nonrecourse Liability 
Non-Voting Interest 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, addresses, 
facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the Partners. 
Means the Management Agreement between the Partnership and the 
Investment Manager, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items specially 
allocated pursuant to 8.2.2, 8.2.3 or 8.3. and computed with the following 
adjustments: 
(i) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon the 
Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(bX2Xiv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) rather than upon 
the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) 
Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be included 
as an item of gross income; 
(iii) 
Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 705(aX2)(B) 
of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being described in 
Section 705(a)(2XB) pursuant to Treasury Regulations under Section 704(6) of 
the Code) shall be treated as a deductible expense; 
(iv) 
The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the Code that 
is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2XivXm) shall be treated as an item of 
gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss (if the adjustment is negative), and 
only such amount of the adjustment shall thereafter be taken into account in 
computing items of income and deduction; 
(v) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable to an 
asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner (or to any Approved Agent 
on behalf of a Partner) shall be included in the computation as an item of 
income or loss, respectively, and 
(vi) 
The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment to the Caning 
Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition of 
"Carrying Value" shall be included in the computation as items of income or 
loss, respectively. 
Has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(bX3). 
A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that does not entitle the holder 
to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any Partnership matter. 
Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests shall be disregarded, for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
I-5 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245707 
DB-SDNY-0 100523 
EFTA01394503

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394504.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394504.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
purposes of 13.2, in determining both the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners and the aggregate Contributions of those Limited Partners 
voting in favor of or against a particular proposal. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided in this Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a 
Non-Voting Interest shall be identical to all other limited partnership interests 
in all respects other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Offshore Access Fund 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Parallel Access Fund 
Partner Interest 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain 
Partners 
Partnership 
Partnership Expenses 
Partnership 
Information 
Partnership Minimum 
Gain 
Partnership 
Representative 
Percentage Interest 
Means Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the General Partner, the 
Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership, any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund to the 
Limited Partners of the respective fluids incurred by the General Partner, 
Investment Manager and their Affiliates (including legal, travel, accounting, 
tax advisory expenses. start-up filing, capital raising and other expenses and 
marketing costs, other organizational and start-up expenses of the General 
Partner and certain legal and third-party provider costs). For the avoidance of 
doubt, the foregoing organizational expenses do not include expenses incurred 
by the Placement Agents. 
As set forth in 3.6. 
As set forth in 6.2.1. 
Has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse debt" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
An amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the 
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if the Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the second paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in 5.2.1.1. 
As set forth in 14.7.8(a). 
Has the same meaning as the term -partnership minimum gain" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(6)(2) and 1.704-2(d). 
As set forth in 14.6.2(b). 
The ratio of a Partner's Contributions to all of the Partners' Contributions; 
provided that, the General Partner, in its reasonable discretion, can adjust the 
Percentage Interests of the Partners (i) to reflect any default by a Partner with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-6 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100524 
SDNY GM_00245708 
EFTA01394504

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394505.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394505.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
respect to one or more capital calls, and (ii) in connection with the initial 
capital commitment of any Partner to take into account that they have not yet 
made a Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of Management 
Fees by Limited Partners shall not be considered "Contributions" for purposes 
of the definition of "Percentage Interest". 
Person 
Placement Agent 
Plan Assets Regulation 
Prime Rate 
Regulatory Allocations 
Restricted Person 
Restricted Person 
Ownership Percentage 
Restricted Person 
Partner 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Tax Matters Partner 
Temporary 
Investments 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person 
where the context so permits. 
Means the third-party placement agents utilized by the Partnership. 
The regulation concerning the definition of "plan assets" under ERISA 
adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
§2510.3-101 or any successor regulation promulgated pursuant to 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as reported in 
The Wall Street Journal. 
As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
Refers to a Person that is (i) a "restricted person" within the meaning of Rule 
5130 and (ii) not either an Exempt Entity or a Person whose only Beneficial 
Interest in the Partnership is an indirect interest held through an Exempt 
Entity. 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that arc 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Restricted Persons. 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Restricted Person or (ii) a Person in which a 
Restricted Person has a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in 14.7.11. 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed to 
contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners exclusive of 
any interest equivalent amounts pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
As set forth in 7.4.1. 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Short-term investments of cash pending distribution or use by the Partnership 
to pay expenses or to make contributions to the Underlying Fund, which shall 
be limited to (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) commercial paper rated no lower 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
1-7 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246709 
DB-SDNY-0100525 
EFTA01394505

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394506.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394506.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
than 
by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services or "P-I" by Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc., or a comparable rating by a comparable rating agency, 
(iii) obligations of the United States or (iv) certificates of deposit issued by, or 
other deposit obligations of, commercial banks chartered by the United States, 
any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any member nation of the 
European Union, each having, at the date of acquisition by the Partnership, 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof, in each case maturing in one year or less at the time of investment by 
the Partnership. 
Third-Party 
Any Person (other than the Partnership and the General Partner) that is legally 
Indemnifiers 
or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or equivalent 
payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar arrangement) to an 
Indemnitee. 
Transfer 
As set forth in 11.1.1. 
Transfer Expenses 
As set forth in 11.1.8. 
Treasury Regulations 
The regulations promulgated by the United States Department of the Treasury 
under the Code, as amended. 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an English private fund 
limited partnership, together with any parallel funds and alternative investment 
vehicles formed in accordance with the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Defaulting Partner 
United States; U.S. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
I-8 
Amended and Restated LimiteiPartntrchip Agreement 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100526 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246710 
EFTA01394506

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394507.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394507.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the Partnership to comply with the 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(bX2)(iv). 
1. 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Non recourse Indebtedness. The following 
provisions arc included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the Internal Revenue Code and to 
permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a -safe harbor" provided by Treasury• Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd) and apply notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 8.2 and 8.3. 
1.1 
Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments 
contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent required by the "minimum gain chargeback" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(iX4). 
1.2 
Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(6)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with 
their respective Contributions: provided. however, that nonrecourse deductions attributable to "partner 
nonrecourse debt" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(bX4)) shall be allocated to the 
Partners in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section I .704-2(i)(1). 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of loss or deduction 
(computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") be allocated 
to a Partner if such allocation would cause or increase a negative balance in such Partner's Capital 
Account (determined for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount 
the Partner is obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXc) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and I .704-2(iX5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd)(1), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 
Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the manner and to the extent required by the "qualified income offset" provisions of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2XiiXd). 
1.5 
Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be allocated to the Partners in 
the amount of (and in proportion to) any negative balance in such Partner's Capital Account (detennined 
for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-2(g) and 
I.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-
1(b)(2XiiXd)(4), (5) and (6)). 
2. 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. 
With respect to any fiscal period during which any Partner's interest in the Partnership changes, 
allocations under this Agreement (including 6.3.2 and 8.3) shall be adjusted appropriately to take into 
(ilendmver Access Sccondar,.. Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Rw‘taled Limited ParMa,lip Amoment 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100527 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245711 
EFTA01394507

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394508.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394508.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential 
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period in accordance with the requirements of 
Section 706(d) of the Code and the Regulations thereunder. 
3. 
Special Allocations to Reflect Economic Interests. 
The General Partner is authorized to modify the allocations otherwise provided for under Article 8 and 
this Appendix II including by specially allocating items of gross income, gain, loss, or expense among 
the Partners, if advised by the Partnership's tax advisors that such modifications or such special 
allocations will cause the Capital Accounts of the Partners to reflect more closely the Partners' relative 
economic interests in the Partnership as set forth in Article 7 and Article 10. 
4. 
Tax Allocations. 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement or this Appendix II or as required by Section 704 of the 
Code, for tax purposes, all items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the same manner as are Net Gains and Net Losses and other items allocated pursuant to Article 
and the other provisions of this Appendix II; provided however, that if the Carrying Value of any 
property of the Partnership differs from its adjusted basis for tax purposes. then items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction or credit related to such property for tax purposes shall be allocated among the Partners so 
as to take account of the variation between the adjusted basis of the property for tax purposes and its 
Carrying Value in the manner provided for under Section 704(c) of the Code. 
• 
• 
• 
(ikvidower Access Secondary Opportuniticc IV (U.S.), L.P. 
II-2 
Amended and Restated Limited ParMayhip Ameanail 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100528 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245712 
EFTA01394508

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394509.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394509.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100529 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245713 
EFTA01394509

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394510.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394510.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented from time to time. this 
"Memorandum') is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager') to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors') for the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access Fund'). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund'). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund datcd October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund PPM-) is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA'), which shall be provided upon request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC'), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthennom, the foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company 
Act'). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor- as defined within the meaning of 
Rule 50I(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a "qualified purchaser-  as defined in 
Section 2(aX51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act'). There is no public market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive') as of the date of this Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manage?' ("AIFM') under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law arc not applicable to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests (or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100530 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246714 
EFTA01394510

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394511.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394511.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State) of the European Economic Area 
("EEA')I when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent (as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this Memorandum to any investor 
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or undertakes any responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the offering of Interests; (v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with respect to the Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information in the Underlying Fund PPM and the operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may be amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each of them expressly disclaims any liability or responsibility' 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such information or any other information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted therefrom. The offering of Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the Underlying Fund. Although the Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund is not an affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access Fund is different from an investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests is not, and should not be considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland. France, Germany, Greece. Hungary. Iceland. Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenstein, I.ithuania, Luxembourg. 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland. Portugal. Romania. Slovakia. Slovenia. Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100531 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246715 
EFTA01394511

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394512.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394512.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. No Glendower entity has (i) the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as -may.- -seek.-  -expect.-  "estimate," or -believe' or the negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Fonvard-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of which arc discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-iv - 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100532 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245716 
EFTA01394512

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394513.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394513.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests arc offered subject to the General Partner's ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that arc applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.60114(b)(3Xi), each investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of. or any other identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters addressed by the written information 
and (e) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any. arc invited to meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, the date when such information is 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100533 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246717 
EFTA01394513

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394514.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394514.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may bc restricted by law. This Memorandum docs not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information') and not disclose any such Confidential Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-vi-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100534 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246718 
EFTA01394514

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394515.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394515.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE. SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. 
TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
ii-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100535 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245719 
EFTA01394515

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394516.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394516.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
EXEMPTIO
OM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE `IsIFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4. I4(a)(3). THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (RI) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3Xii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(aX3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(aX3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100536 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246720 
EFTA01394516

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394517.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394517.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4. I4(aX8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(aX8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
-ix-
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100537 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245721 
EFTA01394517

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394518.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394518.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
M. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100538 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246722 
EFTA01394518

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394519.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394519.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
I. 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the -Access 
Fund'), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital. special situations, tumaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that arc -U.S. Persons" as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'). If an Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Propridocr am! 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100539 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246723 
EFTA01394519

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394520.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394520.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S), LP. (the 'Access Fund') and the summary of 
terms and conditions ofGlendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Pundit/. LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds. if applicable, the "Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be fitrther amended and/or supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement'). and the subscription agreement and the related documentation with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement." and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 'Agreements'). copies of 
which will be provided to each prospective investor upon request. The forms of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this summary and the Agreements. 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
The Investment Manager 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
-General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless othenvise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-to-
day operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and MI 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
WHY GM_00246724 
DB-SDNY-0 100540 
EFTA01394520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394521.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund 
The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
-Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
temis set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the fonn of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments arc 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100541 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245725 
EFTA01394521

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394522.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394522.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See -Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund (-Interests") are being 
Access Fund 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
(-Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
'Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors (-Investors') that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that arc pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of -unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors'). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and Non-
U.S. Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax. Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations - Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,000. although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,000,000. although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,000,000 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." 
The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100542 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246726 
EFTA01394522

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394523.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394523.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
-Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate sham of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing intcrcst, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100543 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245727 
EFTA01394523

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394524.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394524.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Term 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro raw share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
fin two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
Feeder Funds 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, -Feeder Funds') in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100544 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246728 
EFTA01394524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394525.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
entity. directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified Non-
U.S. Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds arc expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to thc Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who arc "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner 
deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K-
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100545 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245729 
EFTA01394525

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394526.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394526.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, sill be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
Bifurcated Default 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an -Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA')) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agrccmcnt, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100546 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246730 
EFTA01394526

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394527.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394527.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
Access Fund Expenses 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
(-Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses: liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
(-FATCA1 and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"): costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100547 
CONFIDENTIAL 
WHY GM_00246731 
EFTA01394527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394528.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; a0 expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses. administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of torn' documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses: expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100548 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245732 
EFTA01394528

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394529.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394529.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund): provided, 
however, that operating expenses that arc uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their sham of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rota share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Farmer shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100549 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246733 
EFTA01394529

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394530.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394530.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate sham (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with (C) below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
-investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the -investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
•The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100550 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246734 
EFTA01394530

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394531.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394531.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
-Access Mind Erpenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July I, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100551 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246735 
EFTA01394531

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394532.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394532.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
Indemnification 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses am outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see 
Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund. the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,000 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100552 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246730 
EFTA01394532

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394533.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394533.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that arc U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any USTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100553 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00248737 
EFTA01394533

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394534.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394534.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Considerations 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in 'benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided. however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100554 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245738 
EFTA01394534

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394535.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394535.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Confidentiality 
Each investor must be an -accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the investment Company Act). 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been infomied of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement. subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section l.6011-41(b)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
IS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100556 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246740 
EFTA01394535

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394536.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394536.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Investor Information 
Legal Counsel 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner. 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower. also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100557 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245741 
EFTA01394536

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394537.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394537.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
III. 
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks The investments made by the Underlying Fund and indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners. Accordingly, the Placement Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100558 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248742 
EFTA01394537

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394538.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394538.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund. Because the sole purpose of the Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. Certain ongoing operating 
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100559 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245743 
EFTA01394538

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394539.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394539.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide %r 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be bome by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the capital contributions that will 
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund will not participate in co-
investment opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100560 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246744 
EFTA01394539

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394540.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394540.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Fidelity Relationship The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity') pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Program& The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer (and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason (including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan assets". certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100562 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246746 
EFTA01394540

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394541.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394541.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or mom) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include funding obligations to single-
employer pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question (together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the 'Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or parallel funds arc aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, them is some risk that a court might find otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds arc not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their respective affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact that them are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests. Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and not the Limited Partners. 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be voted. In addition, none of 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the Underlying Fund (and in co-
investments, if any. with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or country•. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100563 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246747 
EFTA01394541

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394542.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394542.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnershiµ Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to Limited Partners. 
Glendower. the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend the Underlying Fund's goveming 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the abil it to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower. the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment 
in thc Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a -Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100564 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246748 
EFTA01394542

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394543.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394543.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made to the limited partners for the 
purpose of finding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained amounts arc reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager. the administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund (including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription. including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100565 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246749 
EFTA01394543

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394544.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394544.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Investors in Subsequent Closings Investors subscribing for Interests on a Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests am subscribed for. Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to participate in such investment, as 
determined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which am subject to public disclosure requirements. The amount of infommtion about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital risk and higher current 
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency. negligence, misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets am pledged in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, them can be no absolute certainty that such banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100566 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246750 
EFTA01394544

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394545.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394545.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory• environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-
Frank Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered investment advisers to private funds, 
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the -Volcker Rule," may affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund. Glendower, the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100568 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246752 
EFTA01394545

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394546.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394546.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the European Union. Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkceping requirements. 
While these changes arc intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator (-CPO') registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into hedging transactions or to obtain 
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and futures options contracts and swaps. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such position limits for a broad range of risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, additional speculative position limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100569 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246753 
EFTA01394546

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394547.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394547.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underl ins Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as An Act to provide for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018" (the -2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense. (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 10%-owned foreign corporation, each of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100570 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246754 
EFTA01394547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394548.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to. among other things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or -dry" income. Moreover. 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax filings and pay taxes. 
Non-US Investors and ECI, US Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch Profits Taxes. Non-
U.S. investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all entities in a broadly defmed 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs') to comply with a complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S. withholding tax on gross proceeds from the sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an Intergovernmental Agreement (an "IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the country in which such FF1 is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that arc allocable to a Limited Partner may, in accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100571 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245755 
EFTA01394548

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394549.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394549.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is not able to make such an 
election, then (I) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes (including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as a result. Many issues and 
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
• 
the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
• 
the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
• 
the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
• 
the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100572 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246756 
EFTA01394549

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394550.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394550.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
• 
the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100573 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245757 
EFTA01394550

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394551.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394551.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
IV. 
TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities. U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary art applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a 
person" generally is Sr U.S. federal income tax purposes (I) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100574 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246758 
EFTA01394551

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394552.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394552.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S, Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is mated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata sham of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100575 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248759 
EFTA01394552

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394553.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394553.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive sham of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited Partner's sham of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that. for U.S. federal income tax purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100576 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246760 
EFTA01394553

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394554.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394554.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has -at risk" with respect to its Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable sham of deductions and losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to -investment interest" and "miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers. subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees. paid by such Limited Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100578 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246762 
EFTA01394554

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394555.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394555.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses %r five years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tar Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any -dealer property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue discount (-O1D"), which for this 
purpose includes -payments-in-kind," or PIIC, interest. In such case, the Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with "market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the period the debt obligation was 
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is included in income by the 
holder during the teen of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there arc a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general. a "significant modification" of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is "significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could take the position that the 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100579 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246763 
EFTA01394555

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394556.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394556.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January I, 2026, non-
corporate taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below under 'Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes -passive income" (generally, interest. 
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100580 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246764 
EFTA01394556

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394557.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394557.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Controlled Foreign Corporations. Special rules apply to U.S. persons who own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC'). 
A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive sham of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss. Further, 
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or effectively becomes the obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of which is denominated in terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of that currency relative to its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any foreign currency gain or loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather than capital gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share of such income or loss. 
Tax-Exempt Investors The Underlying Fund may (i) invest in operating entities that are treated as flow-
through for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) generate unrelated debt-financed income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, for example, from break-up fees or transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors to incur material amounts of UBTI. A U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investor's allocable share of Access Fund income constituting UBTI would be subject to federal 
income taxation and might be subject to state and local taxation as well. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should 
only invest in the Access Fund if they are willing to receive material amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition indebtedness resulting in a material portion of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100581 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246765 
EFTA01394557

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394558.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394558.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its Interest. al l or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI. regardless of whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" am subject to a 100% excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further. certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax if the Access Fund engages in 
a -prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a -subsequently listed transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Interests am being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that arc willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund. A Feeder Fund may be organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Panner's U.S. federal income tax liability. Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally are considered to be from sources within the United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable limitations on losses and 
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner. Limited Partners arc advised to consult their own tax advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information returns reporting its income. 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100582 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246766 
EFTA01394558

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394559.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394559.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable sham of qualified dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold amounts. For U.S. individuals. 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's distributive sham of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts am urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1. 2026, substantial limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to. among other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject to change by Congress. In recent 
years. them have been significant changes in the Code, some of which arc being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100584 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246768 
EFTA01394559

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394560.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394560.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments. No rulings have been or will be requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws. including state blue sky laws. The Interests arc offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors am hereby notified of the following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of the Interests: 
Beginning in 201 I. without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required under the settlement orders. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100585 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246769 
EFTA01394560

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394561.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394561.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
U.S Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand (2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in Section 3(cX7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of-qualified purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(eX7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund from relying on Section 
3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (0 will qualify for an exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(aX3) under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice to claim such exemption 
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such exemptions. If any future 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements. non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use of finds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this infomiation is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100586 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246770 
EFTA01394561

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394562.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394562.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Furthermom, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, territory. individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") wcbsitc, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, including, any applicable anti-
money laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's Directive 2011/61/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA" )2, when such marketing is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other retirement plans which arc 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, the risk of loss and the potential 
lie following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark. Estonia, 
Finland, France. Germany, Greece, Hungary., Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Italy. Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania. Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands. Norway. Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain. Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100587 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245771 
EFTA01394562

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394563.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394563.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might constitute or give rise to a 
-prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion of the assets of an individual 
retirement account (-IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 40I(a) of the Code, or of an investment fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests: such trustee or other person has authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt -prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the "2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the 'Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the 'Sponsor") had provided "investment advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary, to a Plan investor, the fiduciary responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets will not be treated as -plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100588 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245772 
EFTA01394563

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394564.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394564.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary, standards of Part 4 of Tide I of ERISA. The General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be -plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return (-Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access Fund's service providers as 
- reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans air not subject to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
Propridary and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100589 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00248773 
EFTA01394564

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394565.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394565.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') In Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund'), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100590 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245774 
EFTA01394565

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394566.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394566.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures- in the Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to -this Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that arc provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however. 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100591 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245775 
EFTA01394566

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394567.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394567.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund is heret:y 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fccs and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or othenvise holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners. whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100592 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246776 
EFTA01394567

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394568.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394568.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses); except as otherwistoro_vided_hertin_or in.the_Partnersbio_A,greement. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro raw share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses. taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners-Ewhielt-eapital-ealls-fer-indemoifieaden-eveoses-ar-e-thaside-ef-a 
himited-Pacther-4-SubseFiption), and from the proceeds of liability insurance and any-assets-frem 
anvccrtain recalleds of Distributions (sec "- Capital Calls- and "Limned Partner Givelyack-). against 
certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in  Limited Partner Givehack below 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; provided. however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed the-aggregate-amount•ef25% 
of all _distributions received by such Limited Partner (44-being-unflersteed-that-additionel-afflounts-iwaH3e 
called-freinfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a Limited Partner would be
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation):providedjiirther that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the Ix-month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any proceedings or claims outstanding. the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings  or claims are ultimately resolved and distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of-indemnifieation-expenses.-whieli-amounts-are-ouiside-of-aLinthed-Partnerzs 
Subseciptionthereol). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100593 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245777 
EFTA01394568

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394569.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394569.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In-addition-eapitel-conhibutions-to-fundthe.Aceess-Fund's-inderonity-obligationserootitsideole-Limited 
Partner'-Subseriptien, Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund may be required to repay to the Underlying Fund or to pay creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions previously received by it. In addition, the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes TheSubject to certain rectrictionq in the Partnership Ap,r 
t the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access Fund ell-er-part-ef-an,-distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their affiliates and representatives (including any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with the affairs of the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to the indemnification granted under the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100594 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00246778 
EFTA01394569

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394570.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394570.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). Thc Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners.  A-himited-Panner:s-obligation 
Suhseriptienr aftEl-therefere-will-net-be-eappen sulajecLto_certaizexceptions and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), arc available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnifteatim-espeftses-mid-eenain-ether 
required-payrnentsr ineluiling-transfer expenses, interest expenses in connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100595 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245779 
EFTA01394570

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394571.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394571.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary• and Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100596 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246780 
EFTA01394571

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394572.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394572.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246781 
DB-SDNY-0 100597 
EFTA01394572

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394573.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394573.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750.000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS -MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE • INTERESTS') OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND"). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE 'FCA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ('FSMA'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM 'TAX TREATMENT' REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM 'TAX STRUCTURE' REFERS TO ANY FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT. PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT. (A) EXCEPT TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U. S. SECURITIES COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY 
AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE 'APPENDIX 1: NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS' WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) (PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS'). 
THIS MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100599 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246783 
EFTA01394573

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394574.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394574.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. AS 
AMENDED (THE 'SECURITIES ACT'), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS' AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF INTEREST". 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX. FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR.
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P.. SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Pbeement Memorandum 
Page 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100600 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246784 
EFTA01394574

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394575.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394575.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE 'U.S. ADVISER'). 
ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY,' "WILL.- SHOULD," -EXPECT,- 'ANTICIPATE,' -PROJECT,' ESTIMATE," "INTEND,' 
"CONTINUE' OR "BELIEVE' OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER') OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER. THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE') NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Pbeement Memorandum 
Page iii 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100601 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246785 
EFTA01394575

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394576.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394576.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE USED. BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS TRUE. 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON. SECURITY. OR TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER. 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF THIS 
PARAGRAPH.
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
PURCHASERS 
OF 
SECURITIES 
THAT 
ARE 
EXEMPTED 
FROM 
REGISTRATION 
BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN FLORIDA. 
*DOLLARS" AND '5' REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100603 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246787 
EFTA01394576

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394577.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394577.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 802 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention' Joshua C Glaser 
Email: 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Confidential Private Pbeement Memorandum 
Page vi 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100604 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246788 
EFTA01394577

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394578.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394578.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportundies Fund IV. LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ER ISA and Tax Considerations 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering  
101 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
108 
Appendix 6 Directory 
111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
112 
Confidential Prerato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100605 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246789 
EFTA01394578

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394579.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394579.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Conlidenttal Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100607 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246791 
EFTA01394579

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394580.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394580.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (*SOF IN/' or the 'Fund') is being formed by Glendower Capital. 
LLP ("Glendower Capital', 'Glendower or the 'Manager), an independent investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1. 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations. 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (I) the acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds. feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary and. together. 'Fund Secondaries'), (i) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary and, together. 'GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies alongside private equity kind sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a 'Single Asset Dear). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith (the 'Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment professionals. 
As described in *History' 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower, co-founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the 'SOF Business') in 2006 after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's E5.1 billion proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.' Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were pan of the team initially assembled by the Managing Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to become the `SOF Team' and, on and from August 1, 
2017. the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III (collectively the "SOF Funds' or the "SOF Program') with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically-
• 
SOF ,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
■ SOF WI a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche Bait proprietary curate equty restructuring took place between 2003 and 2006 Carlo Przio-flroi and Charles Smith played a rite 
alongside *her Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions tnat connected to the deposition of Deutsche Bard(s proprietary private equity pored* 
Carlo Pao-Boca and Gnarls Smell were not involeed in all such transactcas and the Oats described n the Memorandum in respect of the 
Mossy private equity restructuring are attribriable to the whole Deitch° Bank team rather than my individual within it 
References to the 'Glendower SOF Team' may also include irweslmenl adessioneas and Other persornel that are subsequently hied by the 
Manager 
SOF is a pool or capital dedtaled to the secondary market. closed in 2007, which was structured through three separate investment vehicles C43 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A L P C8OF Al DB Secondary Oppatunkes Fund B. LP (SOF Ir) and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C LP 
(SOF 
collecavely -SOF 
DB Seconday Oppolunities Rind D. LP. (*SOF D'} is a pool of capital dedtaled to the secaxiery Market Closed in 2010 SOF D s a Euro 
denominated turd LISS values have beenCr:tweeted to Dame et the September 33. 2017 rate ot 1.1822 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100608 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246792 
EFTA01394580

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394581.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394581.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
SOF Its the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
• 
SOF 111.6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 with a US$1.654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, inter aria. Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their remaining term. 
Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed In Appendix 5 (Important Performance InfomiatIon) any track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not Joined Glendower Capital were involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of the Investments made 
by the SOF Funds.,
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment opportunities for the Fund 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
■ Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
■ Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and valuations. 
• 
Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier cash distnbutions. 
• 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years). strategy. industry and geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
■ The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to an institutionalized market where US$58 
billions was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and family offices. 
• 
With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment (commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9
■ Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of Fair Market Value CFMV1 since 201010
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record secondary transaction volumes." 
Secondary Oppoilunties Fund IL LP ('SOF 111 is a cool of espial deluged to the secondary market that held es tint closing en 2011 
Secondary Opportumbes Fund III. LP CSOF If) s a pod ot Geneside:teeter] to the secondary market that he'd es first and Mal dosing in 2014 
Past performance is net a pmeactice of the future performance of SOF SOF D SOF II or SOF III Oa ,s Included to demonstrate the track record or the 
Glendamsr SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF N wit achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
Source. Glendower Caput based on Greenhill Secondary Market I rends 8 °book January 2018 
Source. Glendower Caudal based on 2018 Precan Global Private Equity 8 Venture CaptS Report. Ban 8 Company Global P nvate Ecurly Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends 8 Cutback January 2018 
source Greenhll Secondary Market Trends 8 Oullock January 2018 
Source, Glendower Capes based on GreeFlhd Secondary Market Trends & Outlook January 2018 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100609 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246793 
EFTA01394581

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394582.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394582.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 1: Executive Suawnary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tail-
end funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment strategy" pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management") in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is built around five main pillars: 
■ A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017. the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an average deal size of US$40 million. 
■ Pursuing a selective. true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs larger levered beta players. the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3.000 potential deals since 2007 valued at around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
• 
Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of purchase. t6 
■ Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and horded at portfolio level. (ii) systematically implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (ho consistently diversified the SOF portfolios across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
■ Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Dealsi6 adjusting to focus on the former during market corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of kinds. feeder funds and other similar structures), portfolios of direct private equity assets. and co-
investments in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
■ Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors" and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.'s 
• 
Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address their objectives, which often include non-
monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of execution. 
• 
Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary funds. 
Source Glendower Capital based on Gmenhil Secondary Market Trends a Outlook. January 2018 
Past performanoe is net a prediction of the future perlormance 04 SOF. SOF D. SOF II or SOF III buts incluaed 10 demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance VW S0F N vall where comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset Managernent. the SOF Team were able to make use of madam personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that wit not be avaraue to the Glendower SOF Team in connedaon with the management and 
operation of SOF W 
Source. Glendower Capitals proprietary irgarnaeon 
Represents % d aggregate invested captor m the SOF Funds as of September 30. 201T Past podia* construdon d the SOF Funds e not a 
prediction of the Funds port, olo consuuction 
Source. Glendower Capears proprietary informabon 
Source Caendawer capears proprietary mionnabco 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100610 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246794 
EFTA01394582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394583.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Established track record"• 2° 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to investors. More specifically: 
• 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group. with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI and 22% Net IRR. 
• 
SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
■ SOF II (2011. US$614 million. in maturing stage) has generated top quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
■ SOF III (2014, US$1.654 billion, in early stage — completing investment period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI. 0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
• 
Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
■ Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub•delegated manager to the SOF Funds. generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital 
■ Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years$' before spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
■ London and New York offices with established operational. integrated, self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
• 
Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
• 
Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
cleats and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22
• 
Unique sell-side experience. having participated in the restructuring of Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.n 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
• 
Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after all fees. expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24
Source, 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark mambos as of Seetember 30. 2017 This iricemation reelects a carmenson of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only SOF Funds' performance may differ when cornered to Other benchmark data. 
Performance of the SOF Finds s not included in the data set used to calurate the benchmark data Please refer to Sec ion 2. Exhibit 2 for hither 
information 
The performance awes have not been reined and are based on the unedited aggregated performance results of SOF. SOF 0 and SOF H and SOF 
Ill. collechvely the SOF Funds. as cl September X. 2017 and should be read and reviewed ri conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
laormason which sets lath amongst other things. freedom information regaling the performance deicnbed above 
Further. note that the 
calculation methodology selected to calculate Net RR in respecter the SOF Funds rs impacted by the SOF Funds use of subscription line friaries 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF ft/ s expected to use) such realities to manage capes drawrkwns as described in 'Dowd:rens and use of 
subscription line facilities in Salon 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds- performance data is not expected to be represertahve of the investment 
returns that will be expenerced by investors in the Fund Gross returns are gross or fees. expenses and carried interest whch are not charged at the 
investment level Investors should consult with their own achwers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is net a prediction of their future performance or that d the Fund 
Carlo Pero-Beck Charles Soneh. Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have waked together since 2003 Adam Greer Name part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013 
rt 
Source Glendower Capers proprietary information 
The Deulsone Bark proprietary private equty restructunng took pace between 2CO3 and 2006 Charles Smith and Carlo Piarearoli played a rote 
alongside ether Deutsche Bank cdleagues in the transactions that comnbuted to the disposition or Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity pordobo 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirao.Broll were not invoked In tit sum transactions and the eels described in this Memorandum in respect or the 
proprietary private &Key restructunng ate atributatte to the whole Deutsche Bark team rather man any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve es investment ouecove or its target return 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100611 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246795 
EFTA01394583

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394584.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394584.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
• 
Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors.25
• 
Conducts a rigorous value driven. asset-by-asset. bottom-up analysis focused on: 
— 
Operational. financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company
— 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— 
Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
• 
Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of interest between the Fund Sponsor arid its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable. attractive assets with reasonable leverage and attractive *see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the investors in the Fund: 
• 
The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 1.0% of the Fund. 
• 
The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
• 
The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals from Glendower Capital. 
• 
Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV. or any future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly. Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried interest or general partners share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of Interests which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source. Glendower Capital s propoetary inlormeecn 
Tote extent that such Informatext ts avastatle 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100612 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246796 
EFTA01394584

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394585.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394585.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100613 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246797 
EFTA01394585

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394586.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394586.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28
Through September 30. 2017. the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 82 transactions resulting in distributions 
of over USS1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 201731. 3I. II " 
Find 
Vntage 
(O6v97354/4(4 star/ 
Fund see 
SOF 
2806 
(naniesnng) 
133.5565m 
SOFO 
2010 
(4,30/44/482) 
1.733147m 
SOF B 
2011 
01/145.:nrio 
U5361481 
SOF • 
2014 
feat stage) 
USS1.1254m 
Tote 
US52.980m 
Transactons. funds comones s 
21/154/1,774 
I/ 28/ 193 
29/75/737 
35/149/2.837 
Cross nun/pie 
21x 
301 
17x 
14x 
Cs 
Gross1RR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
26% 
Net multiple (WPM 
1.1x 
2.3x 
1.52 
1.3x 
1.Sx 
Net distributed (OFF) 
1.tx 
2.1x 
1.2* 
Lk 
Ole 
NetIRR 
22% 
a% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net cent054e0 °dotal 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
For dirouteen purposes only Source Glendower Capital based on Precm benchmark data fa the median 1VPI and Net RR acheved by buyout 
funds fix moves of 1997 to 2017 Average buyout TVPI = 159x Average Net RR x 155% Data as of September 30 2017 
For further 
benchmartang of Glendower Can tai to tuyoLt returns. pease refer to Exhibit 3 
Past performance is not a weacicil of the future performance of SCF. SOF D SOF II or SOF Ill but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Gknclowiee SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV wil achieve comparable results or that any target results wet be achieved 
'Invested' is defied as the sum et me purchase price and moaning unfunded ottgaton as of the time of closng. or tee of expected close+ for 
pending deals 
The performance figures have net teen audited and should be read aryl remwed in comuncton won Appertdo 5 Important Performance ;Mama:Jon 
which sets forth amongst other thngs important nfamatem regarcing me performance descfibed above The SOF Finds' performance data is not 
expected to be represent&rve ot the investment returns that win be expenenced by investors in the Fund Past performance of the SOF Funds is root a 
prediction of figure performance Both SCF and SOF D are invested in the DaVerre Poi11010 - a viol dveredied portlebo cr 28 pram* equity funds 
purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to Ituyout special situations, venture captal and real estate strategies in North America. Europe and 
Asa The name, of funds and companes is an estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may incrude sane double counting 
TVPI = Taal Vdue to Paid in Capital. DPI= Dstritutions to Pad in Capital RR e Internal Rate of Return 
SCF D es a Euro denomnated fund USS valued have been converted at September 30 2017 EURAJSS rate of 1 1822 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the Doerr., P041/01), - a weft divers/fed portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased Mt ough an SPV providng 
exposure to buyout. special srtuations venture captor and real estate strategies in North Amenca. Europe and Asia The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and skews the aggregate at each deal at closing and may include seine dcubre counong 
TVPI = Taal Vdue to Paid in Capital. DPI = Dsoitutons to Peel in Capital. IRR = Internal Rate of Return 
Confidential Pin ate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100614 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246798 
EFTA01394586

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394587.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394587.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund M LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchinarked against its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR. DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund Benchmark 
" 
37
Secondary funds: Net IRR to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to tanked partners 
• Um* coat 
Leletn1d wag 
• WIALIC 
• ; 
sac 
X%'''1 
2" 
1Y* 
a 
t 
SOF II 
i 
20%
It 
• 
s t t
 t 
/St 
2* 
l idr 
I 
It 
05a 
toe 
IVA II SC. 
DPI • 
it, 
or 
te 
.09 
'10 
II 
1/ 
• 
! 
/6 
SOF D 
1,
D11.3 I. 
SO,
:TI: 
pP e 
1, 
904 6 
TIM: I3. 
OFI • 01, 
ohm CM 
ro* R011 r SOF iris CPI 
SCF lando Re% 
In Exhibit 3. each of SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout•hke returns with a secondary risk profiles 
TM* 
OPP 
• GOFF 
ca. 
or 
1,01 
AX4 AA Alt to no n , r 
Mee 
o. 
• s...s 
MOW 
m.1 
• EOFD 
t: X0a 
On .
2/11 
• 
Ni 
• oc= 
x y, 
"I 
XCI1)11. 
art:.. 
Some: Combo:lee Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of September 30 2017 SOF Furds are shown benchmarked against their 
*tape year peer group SOF arid SOF 0 performance is not included in the data se teed to calculate the tendmark data Note that the performance 
tomes in reaped of SW and SOF D nave not been audited and **Ad be read and ltV16Wed n 0111MICtC11 YAM Appendix 5 impartan4ParlonnanCe 
frataatafron Past pedcrmance of SOF Fields 6 not a predecton ci Mute performance. 
Infermation presented n Exhibt 21s based an the unaudted results of SOF, SOF D. SOF II and SOF III as of September 30. 2017 
,4 
Past performance is net a dieckbOn of the Mute performance of SOF, SOF D. SOF II or SOF III be is included to demensuate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team There can be no assurance that SOF ft/ will achieve cc/nonfat* results* that any target resultswill be achieved 
DPI = Cearloutions to Paid-In Capital. RVOI = Residual Value to Pagan Capital. TVPI = Total Value to Paidan Capital 
'4 
Source' Cambridge Asacoates GOD& Buyout Benchmark as of September 30. 2017. The information reflects a comparison of SOF. SOF D. SOF II Et 
SCf III performance against one benchmark only Past performance 6 not a prediction ol the Um performance of SOF. SOF D, SOF II. SCf III or 
any other Glendower finds and there can be no assurance that SOF rtr will achieve comparable resifts or that any target results will be achieved. but 
is included to demonstrate the track record ci the Glendower SOF Team Internet= presented in this chart IS based on the unaudted issues of SOF. 
SOF D. 9CF 11 and SOF III as of Seaembet 30.2017 and should be read and reviewed in COnpridoOn and *hand be lead and remOwed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5 
Important Pet nine InfOrniation which sets forth amongst other throe important information regarding the performance 
deserted above 
Confidential Prrvate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100615 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246799 
EFTA01394587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394588.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF. SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital. Net IRR, TVPI and DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. Net IRR. initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be returned in around 24 quarters. or 6 years. 
Lastly. TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.65x range by the time funds are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance10
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
— • • , 
DPI (Distributed to Paid4n Capital) 
Net IRR 
te • 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid4n Capital) 
Past pertomience is not a Predet011 of future performance and therefore there can be no assurance that the Fund will weave comparable results or 
that any target results wit be adueved 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Sze. Nei IRR Dereecoment TVPI (Total Value to Patd in Capital). CPI lOratnburons b Paid-in Capital). as or 
September 30. 2017 Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. SOF II and SOF III as or 
September 30. 2017 and should be read and reviewed in corginctim with Appends 5. Inriffent Podotmanoe inkomafico which sets forth among 
other thngs impotent inform/Mon regarding the performance 'Somalian described in Exhibit 4 Pest performance is noise...doctor of future returns 
and Owe can be no assurance that SOF rV will achieve comparable results or that any target tissues will be *Oilseed Performance information on 
SOF 0 has not been included on this slide because SOF CI is a single transaction ftcp.up fund raised in 201010 urdenente prel-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF GiefldONVISt WS not expect that sinular vansacbons wi be available so 939 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100616 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246800 
EFTA01394588

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394589.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394589.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market indexes including the MCSI World Index. Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all cases, each of SOF. SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets'. 
40% 
35% 
ID% I 
22% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
(1OFOIMILii 
;eV Ilia** 
SY ISOM/ 
•Glerdower Net MR 
MSc; wand 
Ruses; 2000 
vs Thomson Reuters 
sOF tg:FAI 
It 
5% 
Ulf Proven 
MCSI Wodd Index and Russet) 2000 index returns are based on total return Thomson Reuters Private Equty Buyout Index re:urns are based on force 
These benchmark indices do not represent an apaopnate benchmark tocompare a Glendower mestere performance. bU rather is dscsosed soot)' to 
alkw for canpanson 10 that or coven wellOncom and widely recognized indices Methodology The Long Nickels method has teen used to calculate 
the PMEs Net cash lbws for the SOF Funds are medicated in each index For exarncle. (0 when eagle/ * drawn horn an investor an ectuvatre, 
amount is nested in the index on the speck date, and (i0 when capFal is dstributed to an 'wester. capital rs 'wehdremO from the index on the same 
dale A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the total ndex Net RR is calculated using the cashrsows repeated In the tridex 
and the theoretical ternvnal value Recaaabte distrOutons have been treated using the all in method' 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100617 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246801 
EFTA01394589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394590.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100618 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246802 
EFTA01394590

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394591.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394591.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Summary of Terms and Conditions. Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6. Section 7 and Section 8, respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. 
Fund Name 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Investment Strategy 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, principally in 
the form of capital appreciation. through the acquisition of a diverse portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1 75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment 
US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Manager 
Glendower Capital. LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate. Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the Fund. 
Term 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
Investment Period 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
Target First Closing 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share 
The General Partner will receive from the Fund an annual profit share as follows: 
during the Investment Period. 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments: 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period. 1.00% per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
(ii) 
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried Interest 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Clay/back 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$25 million 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100619 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246803 
EFTA01394591

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394592.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394592.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100620 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246804 
EFTA01394592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394593.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
S0F IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor find to the S0F Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the S0F Funds in the secondary market and will follow processes established by the Glendower 
S0F Team in the S0F Program.42
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has generated strong returns in the S0F Funds to date.43
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally. but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three types of investment: 
1. 
Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity funds: 
2. 
GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP tenders; and 
3. 
Single Asset Deals into individual private equity comparies, either at the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of USS5 million to US$100 million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the Managers view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, focusing on kinds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range - most Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above. the Fund will have the ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis." 
Prossectite investors Would note that while et Deutsche Asset Management. the SOF Team wet able to mike use of catirtorm personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that win not be available to the Glendowei SOF learn in connection wah the maregement and 
operation od SOF IV 
Past performance of the SCE Funds is not a preoction or future perfctmance d either the SOF Funds or the Fund Actual returns co unrealized 
investments may URI& mace ally from returns indicated herein 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve as inveetment objective or its target return 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100621 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246805 
EFTA01394593

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394594.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394594.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives, which often include non-monetary factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and referral sources amongst fund investors. 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies. intermediaries/placement agents. investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
• 
The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%. Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 4%.45
• 
Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.0
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors, such as confidentiality. trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non-monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. A wide funnel and a narrow filter:" 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs. LPs. Advisory Board members 
• Close print. beefing rabbonsheas DB 
Wtvilth Mansgemert, Raymond James, 
Max Brown 
Law firms, swamp agents, banks 
Preachy top-down approach 
• Engage directly cum potentei sewer 
unlyerse teaks Insurance convenes 
Pensionfunds 
• Orr-me-sneir prong forcbsely monitored 
hbrary of >1001unds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 dub since 2007 
• Sutetantelfolkiwon deal tow 
subsequent to Cyst transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c. US$400bn 
eVtLIPt tvy :sot taw e.T.erercr
• 
COO tar:POSPWri. Co•St :0 yss 
..SCIU,
:osigettl 1,  SS' 'PIG 9s:21 citSPSY 
• aeir4Vw., a u>-Y.0, Os PE r/Parttte:'J fROIS,•, 
VI:0•5 
Finer, 
Filters 
Transacted 
won 
c.100 barna:born 
Some. Glendower Capital orcpnetary information Data as of September 33. 2017. 
Source. Glendower Capital proprietary information Data as of September 30. 2017. 
Source Glendower Capital proprietary ir4ormaton Data es of March 19, 2018. 
[Au: pine) dual.I.N.dall 
m 
• 
talk: stet! ream; lot•0F LPs 
• ', eta', ••••••t•ii. tCC?t'442 eoprt.r. 
Linear CIP-r9strertarp Jed sesett enienete,i,
• 4., ,s' nt . trta 
Confidential Pre rate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246806 
DB-SDNY-0 100622 
EFTA01394594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394595.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
• 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investors investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
• 
Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors1B 
000 
1,400 
Pricing 
Fiendlty 
Re-pine tooSbnn ?undid eSSOIS 
- Capitalise on pnong inefficiencies 
Nitwit. Blind 
Poor Risk 
Mitigate 
..t-Curie 
COltirkMent 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Knowedge cie existing endearing companies 
Mature assets typically yifid mare predictat4e cash 
nom 
- Shorter duraton of invastments 
- Eamer cash distntutions 
Accelerate deployment of caaaal 
broaden back-seasoned thersrfied exposure 
across weer strategy incustry and rCceadly 
1.200 4 
ENO 1 
300 
eao 4 
t' 
ID 
Veen 
.. ... ... ... - 
- 
- 
,—,,,,, Cecensonswireesgents,:eles 
rne-beeci 
•••••••^Cumast...e..4.t, 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
• 
Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
• 
Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
• 
Mitigation of J-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the J-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures - are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 10 to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. M investor in such a structure that requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
TM Infemlabcn is for 04O411,00  PerPOSOS. The goar is an ems* 
fee riustrateve purposes and the actual cash flow profile of any gwen investment 
may vary substantially 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100623 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246807 
EFTA01394595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394596.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders. GP recapitalizations and structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time. the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 bilfon.'ie Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and (ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP4ed Secondaries and active portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 billions, in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 - 201752
uSta 
co 
„
I
IDtt 
2005 
2007 
2093 
OMB 
2012 
20I3 
2014 
2)15 
2Cila 
2017 
OP-led Saco dory 
• Fund Sec dory 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more investors have entered the asset class, eiOsting 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source 2018 Precpn Global Private Eqtaty8 Venture Captal Raped 
Source. Gmenhll Secondary Pnong Trends 8 Analyse, January 2018. 
Greenish SeCOncely Priong Trends 8 Analyarl. January 2018 
Glendower Capra, analysis based cn Greenhd Secondary Market Trends & Duna* January 2018. Greenhil GP Solutions Discussion Matenals. May 
2017, and Dow Jones Private &Fifty ArelySt Guide CO Secondary Market June 2017 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100624 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246808 
EFTA01394596

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394597.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394597.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV. LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to•market pricing - which taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)" 
- 
011144404114044. s .2001 in4,4137 
nnaJn re; 14. aye *WW1 COWS% 
NOW WW1/4c ol Pc matt 
Priam % nrw 
110 
100 
se 
re 
194 
104 
sea xaMacl. saxisa In$ 40,40 
14441". ‘44444ec 1.4 it.w4as 
Pence 1.444 lo 4,4441441bmon:4; 4.44 
lo; ; w4a/, 
41.9%1 
..nruul.Nua. USX" 
pr 
X 
20CS 
2006 
160Y 
1COe 
lash 
2010 
21/11 
7012 
Mt) 
20U 
201S 
201 
2017 
SsccaLh ruck* wham 
—Sotandry Make Fri:100 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were wry low because the high discount (to already low net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, resulting in a more robust market. 
Glend1M07 C007161analYell and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary Markel Trends 8 Outlook January 2018. Cogent Fannin Sewn:WY Market 
Trends 8 Outlook. July 2014, Cogent Partners Secondary Market Update. March 2009. and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Gude to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100626 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246810 
EFTA01394597

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394598.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394598.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply I demand is balanced with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current market volumes. a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capita! supply/' 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced" 
USW, 
140 • 
120 • 
100 
ea 
Iso 
• 
• 
ObrbowerCeptaissamaSThe 
72. wrraion/ man a 
masb•rodepty Settedanos 
Sec 
Dry Parma 
Panurd De0.164m6 
USStn 
700 
600 • 
500 
400 • 
300 • 
200 
100 
Orr now. 
• Nal +arra 
• 
Bvitul 
Seccntbinef 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires - to modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 1W° of total transaction volume by value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) public pensions. and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage vehicles. 
• 
Glenda...at Capital based on Greenhll Cogent Secondary menet Trends& Curd( January 2018 
• 
2018 Pram Gk>bal Private Equity 8 Venture Galata Report Ban 8 Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 and Greenhll Cogent Secondary 
menet Trends & (Dutton* January 2018 
Deal flow intomation reinserts the aggregate deal flow by value reviewed by the Glendower S0F Team between January 1. 2006 and September 
30. 2017 HrabalCal dear flow cnaractenstics do rice provide a predclion of Faure deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal flow 
will be comparable to histonc deal flew 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100627 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246811 
EFTA01394598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394599.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdowns' 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintages(' 
100% -
20%
.X013 Pyil<nfn 
General 
foam/mt. 
Fa
80% • 
39% 
Pones 
24% 
-abloom 
Fray 0•84 
aba 
ea 
68% 
16% 
203608 Pre.crises 
40% 
43% 
Franoal 
instaatiens 
12% 
Ansi 
repot
20% • 
11% 
<2006 PIIKIISIS 
0%  
2016 
2017 
0.koc 
Penvens 
SW! 
24% 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs. or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. USS600 billion of private equity assets still locked in 2003.2008 vintage funds. 
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Yearo 
USSon 
250 
200 
228 
201 
188 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
S 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
iiimrtmairoain 
" 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & WWI( January 2018 
f' 2017 Prozpon Global Pena* Equity 8 Verdure Captal Report - Private Equity and Venture Corral Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100628 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246812 
EFTA01394599

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394600.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394600.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and restructurings. tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)" 
USSOn 
% of Secondary 
market deal totem° 
30% 
140 
25% 
18% 
GASP 
20% 
15% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
1 
t9 
5% 
0.6 
0% 
2006 
2007 
2038 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
GP-led sccondares 
—GP4ed secondaries as % of tote 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
• 
The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years resuking in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
• 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
■ A greater and growing ntrnber of high-quality managers are now utilizing the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
■ Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led liquidity offerings and restructurings Once mere 
Greenrel Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 Week January 2018. 
Greenlet Cogent Secondary Market Trends 8 OLticok JallUaly 2017. 
Glendower Cereal based on Greenlet Secondary Market Trends 8 Outkok January 2018 and EvercoreHt 2017 Seocodary Market Survey Resin 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100629 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246813 
EFTA01394600

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394601.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394601.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
curiosities. Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown to be an important aspect of the market. 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities. Glendower has not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-fed Secondaries with 'Top Quartile' GPs6° 
Diserse 
poor 
of brand 
names 
Bottom 
Quartile 
Less known GPs 
looking for a 
bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Zombies looking for 
saurian*, make 
(mike./ targets 
Glenrlower Capital mancet interagente 
RC. Itartner> DIAMOND CASTLE 
One Equity Partners 
immge 
Wm(ntio; 
s 
v 
QUADISCA WIG, / 
DUKE 
STREET 
A ARCO HEAL ESTATE 
ZOMBE. GPs 
GMT 
T 
• 
Zurmont Madison 
. . 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100630 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246814 
EFTA01394601

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394602.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394602.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between USS1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below USS1 billion are forced to compete in the very competitive market for small fund interests. and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than USS3 billion inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its Strategy's 
hunt Si. 
NSW) 
Wend bolo ploy 
Monona< 
L 
Meant; 
• 
Octal sourang 
. 
%tame -cirm• 
M 
- Apha Dia 
• tatn.n>osing 
• Camel sourcing 
• Sefecte swrong 
. 
anal BMWS 
S 
• 
LOON sP•ong 
. 
%%Iv ounpaThe 
Sourcing strategies 
so:* 
OW 
O0 
g 0 
ICO 
11001 
lm. 
It% 
An
(-) 
. , ,,,xo 
Frzi 
b 
O 
62,8 6  
O Pi o 
O 
c
- S. 
BeeOgvuor 
SOF FI 
0
00 
2° 
Dig 
i°0 
s • g 
e s
°
.  
• 
X0:1 
2002 
700* 
2,30 
2003 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2:1141 
3310 
Fu-<V/tam 
e411n 
II•33n 
• >S3en 
. Can0.44er Cal 
-10 players 
-10 players 
>S0 players 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, infrastructure. mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, together with its target deal size of under USS100 
SOISCe GW1ClOvett Caput market intellgeme 
Sowce Preen database and Glendamer Captal's own analysts 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100631 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246815 
EFTA01394602

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394603.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394603.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the portfolio - focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this. some secondaries funds target interests in Fund Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
VI IclinditIOn 
and sourcing 
Too dean 
identecation or 
memo* assets 
Focus on key 
SellerName's 
Preece. eating 
Kens 
Lonna Of an 
potential beats onto 
name 
Screening 
and due 
all61dPxx 
Molds °new cA 
Ptehne 
Stalling and 
Pnonturation 
Cetaled bdttoen-
ud duo dlfgence 
Transit Dan 
nasptotion and 
StruCtunN 
irp,estment 
decision 
closing 
Apperal by 
Investment 
Committee 
• 
Final negOlialseen 
• 
Swings( 
trans/Keen 
GP consent /other 
closing condemns 
FX Irradiant, 
Oases; 
Manitoram 
and risk 
mom* 
Rexers or 
realisations and 
uPla:0s on 
pelternence at 
weakly masons, 
liwestivent 
realizaticn 
- Ravow carillon 
from unckwlyin2 
funds 
Ondong 
exelcaton cd Sale 
Evaluate and 
°Popgun'ss 
execute 
realisatrons +seers 
Formal cpadody 
we Mw CISCnniCei 
msliatron and 
polornanze 
nNew 
ValuabOn Model 
PSA and 
varuaton memo 
IC memo 
Popolne 
IC memo 
sutecnotion 
CbCtsenentS 
CASIOrly renew 
Sale documents 
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships. which includes financial sponsors. Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100632 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246816 
EFTA01394603

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394604.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394604.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and approach utilizes the following principles: 
■ Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
■ Focus on quality assets. 
■ Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing. or is expected to distribute, carried interest. 
• 
Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
• 
Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a rigorous and disciplined value-focused. 
bottom-up due diligence' approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous. value-focused bottom-up due diligence focused on: 
• 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying portfolio company. 
• 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
• 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
• 
Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
• 
Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include deciding. on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment.
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the Manager to be appropriate, the Glendoveer SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including. for example, utilizing selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
• 
7o tne extent etionnetron *evader:4e from the underlying Mid 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100633 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246817 
EFTA01394604

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394605.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394605.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team members who completed the investment.
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the investment under-performs as against its business 
plan 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will. 
• 
Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them. 
• 
Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
■ Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
■ Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary actions, steps or remedial processes. 
• 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting and investor report.
• 
Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
- 
weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor the Fund's portfolio. review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add value to an investment or exit an 
investment 
— 
quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
■ Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process. whether the Fund should proceed with the proposed divestment. 
" The extent <4 the Geendower SOF TeemS InWaclal wen Fund Sponsors including by attending partnership meetings sell depend on the partorlar 
Fund Sponsor and the taNderlyng fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100634 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246818 
EFTA01394605

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394606.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394606.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100635 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246819 
EFTA01394606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394607.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100636 
SDNY_GM_00246820 
EFTA01394607

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394608.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394608.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 5 Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Oppodundies Fund IV. LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business. co-founded by Carlo and Charles in 2006. has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF. SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 bilkon of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York. with a 23-strong team expected to grow to 26.28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 12 years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated manner when it was established in 2006.T1
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Bnef biographies of the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonk,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. 
The Investment Committee, in addition to other matters. will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments. and (iv) advise on the investment strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective inveetas should note that while at Deutsche Asset Management the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
!maces in connection with the SOF Program that wit not be awelable to the Glendower SCF Team in connoaco with the management and 
operation of SOF IV 
Francesco Rmamorti win act m a senior sensor to Glendower Capts ands not a partner. officer or employee of Glendower Capeat 
Confidential Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100637 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246821 
EFTA01394608

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394609.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394609.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
From time to tine. and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pinio-Biroll (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's E 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank. Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.: a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome. Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief investment Officer. Based in London. Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
E6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture. growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London. Chi is a Partner of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe. the Middle East and Asia. Prior to Glendower. Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA. where he spent over five years focusing on secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. Before that Emiho worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking drvision, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations (across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100638 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246822 
EFTA01394609

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394610.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394610.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 5: Fund Managemerd 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. South Africa. She is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York. Joshua is responsible for leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists. Alternatives (Americas). responsible for managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor relations for Paul Capital. serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor. 
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rlgamontl (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan. Francesco works with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co
-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the University of Chicago Booth &Awl of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations. finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 20O7, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and staged his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO. Based in New York. Katie is the Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. 
She began her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Debate & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loldi (32), Vice President. Based in London. Victoria is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment Banking Dnision, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London. Devrup is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2008 to 2012. Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York. Aldrich is responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance. 
summa cum laude. from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100639 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246823 
EFTA01394610

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394611.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394611.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Femeini (34), Vice President. Based in London. Philippe is responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business and a Master of Engineering (Diplome dingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smimova (31), Vice President. Based in London. Elena is responsible for the origination. valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President - Finance. Based in London. Louise is responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for the management company structure and in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management functions for the platform. Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance. a registered charity. Louise worked with the SOF team previously from 2011 to 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom (Mons) in Accounting Sciences in 2003. 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the transaction team in valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. Jonathan graduated from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital. 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enrlquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Wel in the Diversified Industrials Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheklon holds a MSc in Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team members will be recruited over the corning six 
months: Investment Team Associate. London; Tax Vice President, New York; and a Fund Controller Associate. New 
York. 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100640 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246824 
EFTA01394611

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394612.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394612.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100641 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246825 
EFTA01394612

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394613.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394613.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary is qualified in its entirely by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. 
To the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will prevail. 
The Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership. 
Investment Objective 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout. growth capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, a 'Fund 
Secondary), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary). and (iii) co-investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-investment, a 
'Single Asset Dean. Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at least four years. 
The General Partner 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. will serve as a general partner of the Fund (the 
"General Partner). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LIP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
'Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 'Manager) is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the 'AIFMCip and its implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AlFM- (as defined in the AIFMD) and will assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion of the General 
Partner and the Second GP. will take all actions in respect of the Fund that constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will satisfy from the 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100642 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246826 
EFTA01394613

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394614.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394614.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Period 
Reinvestment 
Key Person Event 
Diversification 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following occurs (the 
'Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any lime during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period following a key 
person event (as described below)). After the end of the Investment Period, the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment. (b) complete investments that were in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (e) fund follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's Share. 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment: (ii) following the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in 'Investment Period' above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals, and (iii) distributions made 
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund expenses. 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith. Carlo Pirzioaroli, Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the 'Key Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the 'Permitted Activities'). 
The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 66'A% in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66%% in interest of the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) no more than 20% of 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100644 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246828 
EFTA01394614

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394615.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394615.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summery of Terms end Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund's Invested Capital"), and 
(iii) 
for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term (including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 'Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees.' 
'Applicable Points' means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment (or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than US$50 million. zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$100 million 
or more but less than USS150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
'Legacy investor means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time: 
(ii) 
Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third. 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the 'Special Limited Partner) 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner. 12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over 90 the Advances of such Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited Partner. 
'Carded Interest' means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of  the Fund will be made in cash or marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100646 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246830 
EFTA01394615

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394616.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394616.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will not be subject to 
Carried Interest.
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Organizational 
Expenses 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Transaction, Break•Up 
and Other Fees 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions' above) applied on an aggregate basis covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received by the Special 
limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an aggregate amount 
not to exceed USS2.500.000. plus amounts in respect of applicable value added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees. will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the General 
Partner's Share. 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund. including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in connection with its 
operations, including: fees. costs and expenses of third parties, including without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase. structuring, holding and sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed): expenses incurred in connection with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of accountants, counsel. 
administrators. depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting: litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal expenses: provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees. advisory fees, break-up 
tees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if necessary. 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the 'Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an investor in any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100647 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246831 
EFTA01394616

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394617.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394617.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor affiliated with the 
General Partner. the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, or before the Final Admission Date at the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult with the Manager as to potential conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the General Partner, 
the Second GP. Glendower Capital. LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital. LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested. committed or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple third party investor funds with investment objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund). 
Subject to the 'Successor Funds' restrictions described above. the Manager and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment vehicles, including Complementary Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, the "Investment Plattomis), some of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and investment committee members with those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require. inter elle, the prior written 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a Managers report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. 
Limited Partners will also receive such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes to leverage. 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment activities and 
portfolio. 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund. 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" below for 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100648 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246832 
EFTA01394617

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394618.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394618.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in its sole 
discretion 
Alternative Vehicles 
Parallel Funds 
Feeder Funds 
Side Letters 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle' if. in the judgment of the Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Altemathre Vehicle generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund (except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof The profits and losses of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds (each a 
'Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. My 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant Parallel Fund, as the 
case may be. 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a 'Side Letter). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of particular investments. 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund. (iv) transfer to affiliates. (v) co-investment opportunities. 
(vi) withdrawal events. (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. My additional rights established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a Commitment equal to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100649 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246833 
EFTA01394618

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394619.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394619.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Default 
Term 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a 'Coveted Person") will be liable to the Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund. except for (I) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negkgence. fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information, advice. materials. documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as approved 
by. the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, liabilities, costs 
and expenses. including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement. except to the extent that such claims. damages, liabilities. costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence. fraud, willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited Partners where 
it has been finally determined by a cowl of competent jurisdiction that the General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General Partner. 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 6634% in interest of the Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis•a•vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time following any 
material amendments. 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%. and (ii) 8%. 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject to the term being 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100650 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246834 
EFTA01394619

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394620.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394620.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager. with the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
ERISA Considerations 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and should not. 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor will be liable for tax on its own share of 
income. gain, losses. deductions and tax credits of the Fund. 
The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. Asa partnership, the Fund generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S. tax will be required to include in computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether and to what extent distributions are made by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. As a result. 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. 
Prospective 
investors, In particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt Investors, are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax consequences In 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment In the Fund. 
Investment in the Fund is generally open to institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan investors" (within the meaning 
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult Its own advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts of interest.
Each prospective Investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise Z. Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & Young 
LLP 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246835 
DB-SDNY-0100651 
EFTA01394620

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394621.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394621.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited. an AIFMD-compliant depositary. will be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Agent 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100652 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246836 
EFTA01394621

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394622.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394622.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100654 
SDNY_GM_00246838 
EFTA01394622

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394623.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394623.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Pail A - Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds. and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may. among other things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may tail to meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While d is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-to-day basis. 
Confidential Prnate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100655 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246839 
EFTA01394623

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394624.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394624.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio companies in which the Fred may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or deterioration in the condition of tlx: investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase and sale price of assets, and accordingly. 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or dispose of investments. the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely to be particularly risky. they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, payments to the mderlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a preferential payment.
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early stage venture capital investments. which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. 
These companies often face intense competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified persomel. To the extent there is a public market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments. There can be no assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (it any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore impact the valuation analysis of the Fund.
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly illiquid compared to other asset classes. and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for secondaries. 
Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100656 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248840 
EFTA01394624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394625.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and real estate•related assets are subject to various 
risks. including adverse changes in national or international economic conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes in the availability or terms of financing. changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates. real estate tax rates and other operating expenses. environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to acquire properties. risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose management and/or administrative costs. 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondanes transaction. such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest. More specifically, where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund. While the Fund may. in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whale they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100657 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246841 
EFTA01394625

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394626.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394626.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full prior to the dale that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Funds term or otherwise. Although the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B - Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid. and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to the greatest risk of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. Since the Fund may only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a high degree of risk, poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion. and are subject to the terms and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently. Investors should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of dispositions. including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100658 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246842 
EFTA01394626

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394627.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394627.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Funds investments could substantially affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may. directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Funds Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in correction with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and principal payments on the Funds borrowings. 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched' together into larger, less frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money from such credit facilities. My such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short•term in nature. The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the preferred return. which will begin accruing when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carded interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. Ma general matter. use of borrowings in lieu of drawing down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100659 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246843 
EFTA01394627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394628.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AMR) standards. 
No assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment opportunities against other investors. including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund. (ii) may make competing offers for investment opportunities that are identified by the Fund. 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of the Fund. including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and obligations of the Fund. Investors must rely 
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements. the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise. conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Finds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful operation. and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in 'History in Section 1 Executive Summary of this Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100660 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246844 
EFTA01394628

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394629.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394629.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution. and. in connection with the investments comprising the track record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly ikigtid investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there is not a readily available public market. 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and fadure to do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when due. As a result. the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investors Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be reduced, which will kmit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investors undrawn commitment to the Fund). during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment Period 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic. financial and other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and. accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100661 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246845 
EFTA01394629

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394630.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394630.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund. its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. 
The ability of the Manager and its affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is recognized by an investment partnership and 
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals. which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30. 2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100663 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246847 
EFTA01394630

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394631.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394631.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (n) consider the offence in respect of the Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project. the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, co-investors, partners or counterpanies may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's investments. My such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to Investors. In addition, the Fund may co-
invest with other parties through partnerships. joint ventures or other entities. Under such circumstances. there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate in existing investments of the Fuld, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. 
Although such Investors will contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify. and hold harmless. the General Partner. the Second GP. the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers. directors, employees, managers. agents of any of the General Partner, the Second GP. the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund: each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, agents and other representatives), and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and against any liabilities. actions, proceedings. 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund. unless such liabilities. actions, proceedings. claims. costs, demands and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100664 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246848 
EFTA01394631

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394632.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394632.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term instnrnents pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. My decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. 
The Fund may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that they have received distributions from the Fund. 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund. including any investments made by the Fund, are available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular assets. such as the asset representing the 
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. 
In addition, the Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments. and the Fund may incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100665 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246849 
EFTA01394632

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394633.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394633.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in countries that are considered "emerging markets'. 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in emerging markets countries. For example. 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in countries outside the United States. the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees. the repatriation of capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have acknowledged and agreed that. in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. as counsel to an underlying private equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner.
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund. including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Find, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantialy more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdovm notice, which may have adverse consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100666 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246850 
EFTA01394633

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394634.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394634.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a 'Side Letter). My such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. My such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates. (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events. (iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that. in recent years. the stability of certain financial markets has significantly deteriorated. certain 
market participants are in financial distress. the availability of credit has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation. Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. 
Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to other assets. such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sefl certain investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall. reducing the revenues generated by, and so the value of. such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100667 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246851 
EFTA01394634

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394635.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394635.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid. preventing the Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and. as a result, the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance. however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars. their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of convening U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years. disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price. these conditions may adversely affect the availability of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing. scope and cumulative effect of these regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds. including changes to existing laws and regulations and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures may be implemented. Therefore. there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100668 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246852 
EFTA01394635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394636.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets in which they operate and invest or the 
couMerparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave the European Union ('Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit. other European countries may seek to conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Brexit may result in significant market dislocation. 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in pan to redenomination of financial assets and liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK. meaning that instead the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be related to changes in market conditions. the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions. particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti•money laundering steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100669 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246853 
EFTA01394636

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394637.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394637.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may provide to each Investor statements. reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website (*Electronic Communications"). Electronic Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications systems to conduct business functions.
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers. third-party service providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their respective service providers to incur 
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted socalled 'pay-to-play- laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things. prohibit an investment adviser from providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative returns, estimates, objectives. beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee. an assurance. a prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100670 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246854 
EFTA01394637

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394638.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394638.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Pre ate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100671 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246855 
EFTA01394638

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394639.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394639.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100672 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246856 
EFTA01394639

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394640.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394640.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is. or may reasonably be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case. where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments. decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
My broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co•investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100673 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246857 
EFTA01394640

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394641.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394641.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be. prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100674 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246858 
EFTA01394641

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394642.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394642.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100675 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246859 
EFTA01394642

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394643.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394643.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendov.er Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100676 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246860 
EFTA01394643

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394644.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394644.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Certain Legal,ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFM073
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance with the UK AlFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC*) 820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price which is the value that would be received on selling the investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a valuation committee (the 'Valuation 
Committee') to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual Investment. Deirdre Davies. the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Managers portfolio management activities. and the Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
pokey and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Managers valuation policy will be periodically assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: Summery of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a 'closed-ended AIF' (as defined in the AIFMD) and the Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage.
Managers professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance pokey covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
" 
The Manager may prcmdefurther intermit., as required under article 23 of the AIFMD n a supplement togas Memorandum 
Confidential Prntate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100677 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246861 
EFTA01394644

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394645.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394645.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
'private fund limited partnership-. The Fund Partnership Agreement will be governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have non-
exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-
to-day operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter ells. be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur 'leverage' within the meaning of the AlFMD.74
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in accordance with the 'gross method' (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the 'Delegated Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fuld, calculated in accordance with the "commitment method' 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the 'Periodic disclosure' paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable.
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
" 
See Section 6 Summary ri rams and Com:Wass lot a descneecn d how the Fund may incur leverage 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100678 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246862 
EFTA01394645

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394646.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394646.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in the Securities Act and/or Regulation 0 or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement representations. including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the Securities Act and any applicable state or non-
U.S. securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation 0 but occurred before the rule's effective date. September 23. 2013. including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
in September 2008. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (CSSU') reached an agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment products generally known as 
'auction rate securities.* Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's consent. a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to 5550 million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of 515 million. Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing.' 
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to Raymond James 8. Associates. Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services. Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
'Beginning in 2011. Raymond James 8 Associates, Inc. and Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively 'Raymond James) settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Colurnbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders. Raymond James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing." 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100680 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246864 
EFTA01394646

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394647.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394647.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended (the 'Exchange Act), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances. the Fund may be required to aggregate its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by 'qualified purchasers,' as defined under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an 'Eligible Non-U.S. Investor) or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an -Eligible U.S. Investor) (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. together. "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab inaio and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder of an interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. Advisers Act of 1940 (the 'Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act; how ever. under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC"), only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill or training nor does it imply any endorsement. 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100681 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246865 
EFTA01394647

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394648.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394648.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cartel-. Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC) and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums. and required minimum deposit for retail forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, that, in the case of an option that is in4he-
money at the time of purchase, the in4he-inoney amount as defined in CFTC Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO. neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors. 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently. the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor (-IDOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
standards under ERISA. (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in tight of limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the investment will give rise to a 'prohibited 
transaction' within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as 
amended (the 'Code'). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a 'publicly offered security' nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment Company Act, the assets of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (0 ownership of each class of equity interest in the entity by 'Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 25% of the total value of such class of equity interest then outstanding. 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the -25% Test"), or (ii) the entity is an *operating company,' including 
a 'venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: (i) an 'employee benefit plan' within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a `plan, account or arrangement" within 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100682 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246866 
EFTA01394648

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394649.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394649.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include 'plan 
assets' by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets (or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute 'plan assets' for purposes of ERISA. In the connection. the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required to report on Form 5500 Annual ReturnReport 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried interest set forth in Section 6: Summery of Terms 
and Condtions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 'eligible indirect compensation' for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an Investment in the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on laws. including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the 'Code), regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change. possibly with retroactive effect The U.S. federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex. involving, among other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities. life insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors). with reference to any special issues that investment in the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income. gain, loss, deduction or credit. It is possible that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However. Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the 'IRS') (such audit procedures, the 'Partnership Audit Rules). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100683 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246867 
EFTA01394649

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394650.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394650.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1. 2018. an audit resulting in an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment. may be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or. in the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other Row-
through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax purposes. such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a Push-
Out Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-
U.S. corporations treated as 'passive foreign investment companies' ("PFICs"). A U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor (or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a 'qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations* ("CFCs"). A U.S. Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations. 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
RestrIcdons on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business (*Operating Partnerships"), the 'passive activity loss" rules, the "at-risk' rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100684 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246868 
EFTA01394650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394651.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cenci, Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational expenses rateably over 15 years. or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering expenses, including placement fees. A non-
corporate taxpayer is not permitted to deduct Investment interest" expense in excess of -net investment income.' This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investors investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for 'business interest' may be subject to further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors may be able to deduct a portion of any 
-qualified business income' arising from certain trades or businesses held by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans. are subject to the tax on unrelated business taxable income CUB111. UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness. and certain insurance income received from or attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to a non-
resident alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws. such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, former U.S. citizens or residents. and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a 'tax home' in the U.S. Non-U.S. Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S.. has and will have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends. etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest (subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes) 'engaged in 
trade or business within the United States' is itself considered to be engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including. possibly, in the case of a non-U.S. corporation, the 'branch profits' tax). 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business c Ecn. A non-U.S. person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its Ea may subsequently be precluded from claiming deductions related to the Ea and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the and to pursue certain investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100685 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246869 
EFTA01394651

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394652.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394652.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cede., Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ea, In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is engaged in trade or business within the U.S.. the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business (whether or not distributed) as determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation rules) generally applicable to non-U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. Investor's share of the net income of the 
Operating Partnership): and 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the disposition of and interest in the Fund. in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-US. Investor's share of any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S.
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as Ea, the proceeds of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the -dividend equivalent amount' of a non-U.S. corporation, which is approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's eamings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced rates of, the branch profits tax for 'qualified 
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the Fund may offer a "blocker structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 'United States real property holding corporation' 
CUSRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. Investors may be required to file Form 8865. 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses. deductions and credits to the Investor and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to 'reportable transactions' are applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments). Investors that are required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100686 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246870 
EFTA01394652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394653.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change. 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things. significant issues as to the character, timing of realization and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead. the income and capital gains or losses of the Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose. HM Revenue & Customs generally regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part of a trade (e.g.. financial traders. such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK through a UK representative. which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances. the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100687 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246871 
EFTA01394653

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394654.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394654.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly. HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to disclose the identity of each Investor arid 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer reference ('UTR') number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should. therefore, be aware that an investment in the Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue 8 Customs or (b) provide the General Partner with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns.
Taxation of UK resident Investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a £5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Funds investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5.000 to £2.000 from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e g., debenture interest) received directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets. may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors. there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100688 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246872 
EFTA01394654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394655.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cedar Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
'Offshore Fund Rules) may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 'offshore fund.' The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as a 'reporting fund" or 'non-reporting fund' 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be 'controlled foreign companies' for UK tax purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets. including those which are subject to the 'loan relationship' 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009. generally on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. M Investor's actual share in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from such income at source. Interest income 
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. Certain Investors may. however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
return to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may. however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade. whether carried on within or outside the UK. to whom different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100689 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246873 
EFTA01394655

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394656.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394656.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Cede." Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
FATCA and other International disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance (-FATCA"). a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018. of property that can produce U.S. source interest or dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31.2018 (or. if later, the date on which the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments' are published) by certain foreign financial institutions (such as barks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments'). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as "attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IGA') 
relating to FATCA and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, the 'UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any 'substantial' U.S. owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to provide such information and documentation and 
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100690 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246874 
EFTA01394656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394657.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce or eliminate certain of these taxes Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations.
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle The tax consequences in the case of an alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle 
Confidential Prrvato Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100691 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246875 
EFTA01394657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394658.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100692 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246876 
EFTA01394658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394659.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendices 
Conlidenhal Prorate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100693 
SDNY_GM_00246877 
EFTA01394659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394660.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition. holding and disposition of an Interest. including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other formality prescribed in such junsdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents. where such disclosure would violate the securities laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD. the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM is the Manager, itself an EU AIF M. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale. or invitation for subscription or purchase. of the Interests. shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European Economic Area that 
are 'professional investors". For these purposes, a -professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may. on request. be treated as a professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place (in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying as 'professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitejista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA). Accordingly, prospective investors should acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi: 
anmpaperimarkkinalekr 
746/2012. as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the 'FIN-FSA") in accordance with the AMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities' as defined in the SMA. based on the exemptions set forth in the SMA. the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an investment firm (Fi: sijoituspelveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki. 747/2012. as amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as defined above in the LEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors' but not to 'private investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Pre rate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100694 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246878 
EFTA01394660

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394661.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394661.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Investment Act (Kapttatantagegesetzbuch)) 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that are professional investors (professionele 
beteggers) within the meaning of Article 1.1 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). 
Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authonty). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made available. nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013. as amended 
(the 'AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ('FSMA'). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the 'Corporations Act"). My offer of the Interests does not purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a *wholesale client'. a 'sophisticated investor or a 'professional investor (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be. and is not required to be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made. and any financial services in connection with the interests will be provided. in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the Central Bank of Bahrain. 
This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain. the Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Conlidenttal Pre rate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100695 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246879 
EFTA01394661

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394662.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394662.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities Commission (Comisseo de Valores Mobilierios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and. as such, it is not and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an 'Station or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular. notice or other materials issued in connection therewith. shall not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used by. the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales. and allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have not been delivered to. registered with. 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. the authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order. 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law. tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to Limited Partners purchasing. or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 733(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements. Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. My resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to. the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of Offshore Securities (.1 Registry de Va/ores 
Extrarryeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile. other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act Oa Ley del Mercado de Vabres) (an offer that is not 'addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests. whether by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC. and the Interests may not be offered, distributed or resold to the public in the PRC. or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC. without compliance with PRC law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public otter in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Conlidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100696 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246880 
EFTA01394662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394663.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (e/ Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (fa Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia. except under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not financial products. (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (ii) do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance with any such laws and regulations. In addition. 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund. which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial Centre (the -DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the -DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the offering or the Interests have been approved. 
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, downent or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are Professional Clients' for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a mirimum subscription of at least USS50.000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a 'Retail Client' for the purposes of, and as defined in. the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100697 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246881 
EFTA01394663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394664.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission) or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law, 1987, and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of pubic offer in the Bailiwick of Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to 'professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of. and the First Schedule to. the Israeli Securities Law. 1968. as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the 'Israeli Securities Law". 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners mist rely on their own examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the -Israeli Investment Advising Law). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests. a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as legal, tax, financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to the legal, tax. financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the 'FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100698 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246882 
EFTA01394664

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394665.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394665.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2. paragraph 3. item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified institutional investor (a -01r) as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3. item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons other than (i) Oils or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law ('Qualified 
The number of Qualified Non-Oils in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers article 234-2, paragraph 2. item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QV may be made to persons other than Oils. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-OIl in Japan may be made except for the transfer by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors. etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-called, the "Oil-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan. this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited (-CSJL'), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum Is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests In Kuwait on the basis a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted 
In accordance with Law No. 7 o12010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor (inversionista institutional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista caliticado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley der Mercado de Valores) (the 
-Securities Market law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Cornish:in Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its reputation. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100699 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246883 
EFTA01394665

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394666.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394666.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico. and any resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destineteire du present document reconnair avoir une parfaits maitrise de lenglais et renonce a tout recours Londe 
sur one mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any statutory modification or re•enactment of. or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) CFMC Act'). Accordingly: 
(i) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
(ii) 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors' as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an Investment business": 
(b) 
meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act 
(c) 
is large': or 
(d) 
is a government agency. 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the Interests. or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests. in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Oman securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the 'Executive Regulations"). The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of Oman, and, as such. does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or approved by the Central Bank of Oman. the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman. nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive Regulations) and has such experience in business 
ConWenner Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100700 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246884 
EFTA01394666

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394667.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394667.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
InversiOn y sus Sociedades Administradores or under Decreto Legislativo 861: Ley del Mercado de Vellums (the 
"Securities Market Law"). and are being offered to institutional investors only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro POblico del Mercado de Va!ores) maintained by. and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the Superintendencia del Mercado de Valor's. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the Qatar Financial Centre. or the inward marketing of 
an investment fund or an attempt to do business, as a bank. an investment company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved. registered or licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund. and those involved with it. may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
My distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the -CMA'). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any pad of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase. whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 3O4 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the *SFA'), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100701 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246885 
EFTA01394667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394668.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Fund to the investor requinng information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners (including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Nab Emirates (the 'UAE"). the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the 'SCA') or any other authority in the UAE (collectively, the *UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market. offer or sell the Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. The Interests may not be offered or sold 
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
0) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE: or 
(II) 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker. dealer or advisor under applicable laws of the UAE. and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in. purchasing or selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. 
This Memorandum is for the information of prospective investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering. the Interests, the Fund and this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering. including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100703 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246887 
EFTA01394668

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394669.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394669.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or slate securities commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. My representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. 
The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Conlidennal Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100704 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246888 
EFTA01394669

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394670.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394670.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural person (e.g.. a body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below - (8) Notice to Investors that are Natural Persons - to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners. officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital. LLP assuming responsibility as the "data controller" on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that is a non-natural person from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) 
NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital. LLP (the 'Data Controller') will be the 'data controller' for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controter may include name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to, (i) in connection with applicable know your 
client,' anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services. LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc. will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share you' contact details with other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable to state at the outset how long that period 
will be: it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data: 
• 
obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the purposes for which your personal data 
is being used: (ii) the categories of your personal data being used: (iii) to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100705 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245889 
EFTA01394670

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394671.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394671.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the 1C0") or other supervisory authority: and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without undue delay. 
• 
have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was collected; (0) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (hi) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data: (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
• 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital. LLP at 16 Berkeley Street, London, W1J 80Z. 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: vivnv,IC0.org.uk.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100706 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246890 
EFTA01394671

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394672.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394672.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investors subscription for an Interest, and any funds received will be retumed to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must. notwithstanding any obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply. report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the above personal or institutional information 
change. such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the benefit of. any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the -Sanction Regulations"). The Manager and its designee may undertake 
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. 
The Manager also may be required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations. the Manager may be obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100707 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246891 
EFTA01394672

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394673.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394673.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25°  Test 
As defined in Section 9 Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations.
Administration 
Agreement 
The administrative services agreement to be entered into at or around the date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
Advance 
An amount equal to 9999% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund 
Advisers Act 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended 
AlFfilD 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/6I/EU) 
Alternative Vehicle 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the right in connection 
with any investment. to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited Partners to be made.
Benefit Plan Investor 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
BEPS 
Base erosion and profit shifting.
Brex it 
As defined in Section 7 Risk Factors 
Carried Interest 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs (in) and (iv) of 
the 'Distributions" paragraph of Section 6 Summary of Pnnctpal Terms and Conditions.
CFCs 
As defined in Section 9. Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations 
CFTC 
The U.S Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
Closing 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit additional 
Investors.
Code 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. 
Commitment 
A Limited Partners commitment to the Fund.
Complementary Fund 
A multiple third party investor fund with investment objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to specific asset 
categones or strategies 
Covered Person 
CPO 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them 
A -commodity pool operator' for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3).
Data Cont roller 
Glendower Capital.
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100708 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246892 
EFTA01394673

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394674.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394674.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement 
The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
DOL 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
dollars, USS or $ 
U.S. dollars. 
DPI 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
ECI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. EFtISA and Tax Considerations. 
ERISA 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
EU AIF 
An 'alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain investors. 
FFI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Final Admission Date 
The last date on which investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
First Closing 
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
FMV 
Fair Market Value. 
foreign passthru 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
FSMA 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100709 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246893 
EFTA01394674

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394675.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394675.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Fund Advisory 
The advisory committee. comprising representatives of certain Limited Partners, established 
Committee 
by the Pisa to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters 
Fund Documents 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect of the Fund.
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund.
Fund Secondary 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund. feeder fund or other similar structure) 
Fund Sponsor 
A general partner. manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
General Partner 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited. a special purpose entity established in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The profit share distnbuted to the General Partner by the Fund 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower Capital. LLP. an English limited liability partnership.
Glendower 
Glendower SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1 Executive Summary. 
GP 
The general partner. manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying investment fund.
GP-led Secondary 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the secondary market 
Gross IRR 
Gross Internal Rate of Return 
Interest 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund.
Invested Capital 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is. at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee to be established by the Manager that. inter al's. will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund.
Investment Company 
The U.S Investment Company Act of 1940. as amended.
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund.
Conlidenhal Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100710 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246894 
EFTA01394675

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394676.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394676.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund fV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
QEF 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
RVPI 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Sanction Regulations 
Collectively UK sanctions. UN sanctions. EU sanctions. and/or U.S. sanctions administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
SEC 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Second GP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP). LLP, an English limited liability partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms end Conditions for the description of the limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Side Letter 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing the General Partners 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund 
sponsors. 
SOF 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A. SOF B and SOF C). 
SOF A 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF B 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF C 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C. L.P.. a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF D 
OB Secondary Opportunities Fund D. L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
SOF II 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
SOF III 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III. LP, an English limited partnership. 
SOF IV or the Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP. 
SOF Business 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment program. 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
SOF. SOF O. SOF II and SOF Ill, collectively. 
Program 
SOF Team 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
Special Limited 
Partner 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100712 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246896 
EFTA01394676

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394677.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394677.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund W. LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Partner 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First Closing. 
Team Investment 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Total Value 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
U.S. 
The United States of America. 
U.S. Adviser 
Glendower Capital (U.S.). LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
U.S. IGA 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the U.S. 
UBTI 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UK 
The United Kingdom. 
UK AIFM Regulation 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ER/SA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal. ESA and Tax Considerations. 
Valuation Committee 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
withholdable 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERJSA and Tax Considerations. 
payments 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100713 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246897 
EFTA01394677

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394678.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394678.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS14O Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund N. LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to PaId-in Capital ('DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI. etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses 
Gross multiple Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ('Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value r NAV'): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying kinds. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): 
Net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ('Net IRK): calculated as a net return and is based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2O17), including the fair value (positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-In Capital (RVPI-): Represents the value of the SOF Funds investors interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contnbutions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-In Capital ("1VPIT TVPI = DPI « RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners. even in instances where a fund or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility (or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account to investors Therefore. if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings. which would shorten the time between such contribution and distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis. My benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or indirect private equity strategies (each, an 'Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Prnrato Placement Memorandum 
108 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100714 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246898 
EFTA01394678

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394679.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394679.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds: (ii) the performance information respect of each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, including. 
but not limited to. the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204.2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted. the performance information contained in this Memorandum is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30. 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
Except where designated as -net.' the projected returns and financial information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including (without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain Yorward-looking statements.' These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to. the plans, projections, objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things. global. political, economic, business. 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Prnrate Placement Memorandum 
109 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100715 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246899 
EFTA01394679

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394680.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394680.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund M LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV. LP 
Special 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Auditors to the 
Any of 
Counsel to the 
Gresham Street 
General Partner 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
General 
London, EC2V 7NO 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Partner and 
Tohmatsu. KPMG or 
the Manager 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
(UK) Limited 
Global 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Regional Placement 
Raymond James & 
Placement 
Management Limited 
Agents 
Associates, Inc. 
Agent 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
111 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100717 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246901 
EFTA01394680

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394681.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394681.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Nan is also a director of Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. (tIrcumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds. private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships. 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Flonda State University and received his Certified Public Accountant certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
KIrsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she joined Circumference in 2007. where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland. the UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance. compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S.. European and Asian firms. Prior to becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.). 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100718 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248902 
EFTA01394681

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394682.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394682.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Mur h 
Email: 
Europe. MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8D2 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio•8iro1i 
Email: 
Confidential Private Pbcement Memorandum 
113 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100719 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246903 
EFTA01394682

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394683.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394683.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246904 
DB-SDNY-0 100720 
EFTA01394683

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394684.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394684.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund') and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
-Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and each an "Access Fund') 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests"). The Solicitation Agent is not affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in the Access Fund a one-time 
- Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to the AmPss Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment are as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
1.00% 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
1.50% 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a "Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100721 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246905 
EFTA01394684

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394685.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394685.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirecg 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fec equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that arc referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or 1> pc) 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100722 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246906 
EFTA01394685

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394686.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394686.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hascli 
Date 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100723 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246907 
EFTA01394686

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394687.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394687.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hasa 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100724 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246908 
EFTA01394687

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394688.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394688.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you arc interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an "interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. in addition, please submit the relevant 
Customer identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• 
Subscription Agreement 
Each investor is required to complete all sections of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
• Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
• Investors that are entities are required to complete the following sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit £ 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• 
Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account 
• 
Natural Persons: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
• 
Entities: 
• 
A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100725 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246909 
EFTA01394688

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394689.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394689.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
do Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this -Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terns used, but not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall bc, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership (a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read and understands the terms, 
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that arc applicable to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
1. 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CON f7DENT1AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100726 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246910 
EFTA01394689

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394690.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394690.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership. is greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby represents, 
warrants and covenants to. and agrees with, the Partnership and the General Partner, as of the date hereof. 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. 
OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING. 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. 
ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) 
Qpportunity to Verify Information. 
The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from them 
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that all such questions, if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been found to be fully satisfactory. 
(e) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100727 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246911 
EFTA01394690

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394691.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394691.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as permitted by law, including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by imnefit plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws of descent and dissolution) of the 
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is defined in Rule 50I(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C. as applicable and (B) is a U.S. Tax Person) and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen or resident of the United States. a U.S. domestic corporation or 
othen‘ise subject to U.S. federal income taxon a net income basis with resped to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership. an Interest 
held by (0 a partnership or entity treated as partnership few U.S. federal income tax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the nwaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. as amended. (a "PFIC") will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equityboiders. as the case may be. An interest held by any oorporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, measured by value. In addition. a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be Waled as the beneficial owner of the taida4ing Interest. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEAMAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100728 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246912 
EFTA01394691

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394692.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394692.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an -investment company" as the 
term - investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the - Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a "qualified purchaser-  as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act. In furtherance thereof, the Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) 
Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: (i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the General Partner, (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchase?' and a "qualified client" under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act (vii) the Investor will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100729 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246913 
EFTA01394692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394693.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with respect thereto, pursuant to which thc 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in thc Partnership). are contained in the Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of the representations set forth 
therein and such representations ate true and correct in all respects. 
(i) 
No Need for Liauiditv. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection with 
its purchase of the Interest. and is able to bear thc risk of loss of its entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to. all similar in% esunents that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received thc Offering Materials and first learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with thc offer and sale of thc Interest, including 
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon thc offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) 
Commodity Exchange Act. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.I3(aX3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on the CFTC Rule 
4.13(aX3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(aX5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(aX8) from registration with the CFTC as a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) 
Certain Itc(iii Won NIalters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100730 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246914 
EFTA01394693

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394694.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394694.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(I) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event specified in 
Rule 506(d)(I) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way the 
Partnership's. the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
(3) 
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(p) 
Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby. have been duly executed by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in. or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3. a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if. for among other reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100731 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246915 
EFTA01394694

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394695.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394695.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate arc not material to the Investor or which arc contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, as the case may be. and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) 
ICnowledee and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership. such knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a "safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
is not a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(2) 
is a partnership. grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investors interests in the Partnership, (ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1Xii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section I.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-2(c)(2Xi) (a 
'Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100732 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246916 
EFTA01394695

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394696.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394696.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(A) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes: or 
(B) 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3Xii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in the 
Partnership. 
(u) 
No Borrowints. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. 
Thc Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary• Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership. Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. Thc Investor understands and acknowledges that the Investor should consult its own 
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlieb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person. it acknowledges receipt of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners. as well as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary• to effect, administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100733 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248917 
EFTA01394696

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394697.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394697.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Partnership and its partners' sights and obligations, or as otherwise may be required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) 
Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to detemline the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to lime in accordance with their respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) 
No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor acknowledges 
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media (including any intemet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or (ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other applicable laws conceming money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial interest in the Interest, (v) and any 
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, "Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Part• or any other person or entity of whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100734 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246918 
EFTA01394697

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394698.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394698.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as non-
cooperative with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member, (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury• Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury• under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory•, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
a senior foreign political figures or any immediate family' or close 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
(D) 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or tomer senior official in the executive, legislative. 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government (whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign govenunent-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by. or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100735 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246919 
EFTA01394698

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394699.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394699.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership w ill be used to finance any such unlawful activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Anti-
Money Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary• or convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement. The Investor further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
II 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100736 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246920 
EFTA01394699

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394700.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394700.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) 
Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager and made known to the 
Investor: 
vi _ that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to (A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law provided that (x) in the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation. their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the Investor provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) 
FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason. whether under law, regulation. policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to. use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the "Freedom of Information 
Ad") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person arc sold or traded, whether foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100737 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246921 
EFTA01394700

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394701.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394701.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee. fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) 
Underlvinz Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such documents, including. without 
limitation. the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective affiliates. 
(cc) 
Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity. agree. represent. warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100738 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248922 
EFTA01394701

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394702.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394702.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital Securities, LLC 
(collectively. "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests (including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary arc capable of evaluating investment risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
(5) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100739 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246923 
EFTA01394702

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394703.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394703.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with applicable 
fiduciary, responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
(10) 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer. member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery• of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity• to discuss the Investor's 
investment in the Partnership. and the structure and operation of the Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets-; (c) an investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (I) of Section 203A of such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State (referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act 
PROPRIE'fARY AND CONFIDEN17AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100740 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246924 
EFTA01394703

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394704.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394704.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause (e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest; 
(16) 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary•; 
(17) 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised that 
authority exclusively; 
(18) 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the General 
Partner; 
(19) 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
(20) 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1XA)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 2510.3-
21(g)(5)) of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor Fiduciary is not 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100741 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246925 
EFTA01394704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394705.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents. warrants and covenants that on each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general account arc 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)( I )(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(e)( 1 )(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement. each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of Tide I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in writing; 
and 
(26) 
The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ft) 
Non-U.S. Emnlovee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100742 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246926 
EFTA01394705

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394706.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394706.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
3. 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be separate purchases from the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
5. 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) 
Organization and Standing of the Partnership. 
The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) 
Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act. 
(d) 
Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100743 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246927 
EFTA01394706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394707.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
6. 
Power of Attorne 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager, as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the "Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; (iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (I) is a special power of attorney deemed coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or 
trust and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of attorney. this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of the Partnership's affairs. 
7. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
8. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. 
The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted in writing and, if necessary•, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100744 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00246928 
EFTA01394707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394708.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. 
Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory (including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. 
The Investor further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably necessary to comply with the 
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant to a letter of authorization: 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Partnership. the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability (a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement (including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100745 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246929 
EFTA01394708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394709.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or (b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Tax Form W-8BEN, W-
8BEN-E, W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) (collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information - Common Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation. regulation or guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-I. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-I 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) 
Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of Schedule 
K-I, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the Partnership. and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and deliver), of such Schedule K-I. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-Is only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-I required to be furnished to the Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100746 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246830 
EFTA01394709

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394710.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394710.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26" Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent does not apply to a Schedule K-I 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal takes effect. 
(c) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
(d) 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) 
Access to the Internet, an e-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-I. The Schedule K-I may be required to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. 
General. 
This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any ogler jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the Investor hereby irrevocably waives. 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be awarded in any such action. 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100747 
SDNY GM_00246931 
EFTA01394710

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394711.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394711.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific information relating to the fees in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to my advisor 
%. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed:  
Date: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory:  
Title of Signatory (if applicable):  
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: $ 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100748 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248932 
EFTA01394711

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394712.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394712.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled "For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities -. as applicable. 
I am investing as an: 
K 
Individual 
K 
Entity 
I am an Indk aka! H Entity that is a U.S. Person': K Yes K No 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Individual: 
Type of Entity: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Domicile: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Birth: 
 Date of Formation: 
Telephone No: 
Telephone No:  
Email Address: 
Email 
Address: 
For definition of "U.S. Person'. please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONF7DEN77AL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100750 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245934 
EFTA01394712

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394713.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394713.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
retired, self-employed): 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
Employer (if applicable): 
FOIA Partners 
Yes 
No 
Occupation: 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term "FOI A Panner" 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100751 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246935 
EFTA01394713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394714.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partners entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100752 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245936 
EFTA01394714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394715.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Codc (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable):  
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable):  
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in the Partnership: 
K 
Salary 
K 
Savings 
K 
Inheritance 
K 
Gift 
K 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
K 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100753 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246937 
EFTA01394715

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394716.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394716.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the Partnership. 
My Advisor is: 
Name of Firm: 
Name of Representative: 
Email address of Representative: 
K 
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
K Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
K No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100754 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00248938 
EFTA01394716

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394717.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394717.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor. 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100755 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245939 
EFTA01394717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394718.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Evhibit 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's primary residence): 
D 
Less than $500,000 
O 
$500,000 - $999,999 
O 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
D 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
O 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
2017 Income: 
O 
$199,999 or less 
K 
$199,999 or less 
O 
$200,000-$299,999 
O 
$200,000-$299,999 
O 
$300,000-$499,999 
O 
$300,000-$499,999 
K 
$500,000 or greater 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
O 
Individually 
K 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth: 
D 
Less than $5,000,000 
O 
$5,000,000 - $10.000,000 
O 
More than $ I 0,000,000 
For definition of "invesunents." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
B-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100756 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00248840 
EFTA01394718

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394719.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394719.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
4. 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan Investor"): 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership arc the assets of a plan. individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
o 
Less than 25% and the percentage is 
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is 
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA. (B) an insurance company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Tide I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1XA) of ERISA or the regulations promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
5. 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner immediately. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100757 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00245941 
EFTA01394719

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394720.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394720.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
K 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a Maccarhusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(cX3) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
K 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as 
described in Rule 506(bX2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
K 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act: 
K 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5XA) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary• capacity (this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the Partnership). 
K 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
K 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
K 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
K 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
K 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any 
private 
business 
development 
company 
as 
defined 
in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
K 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100758 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246942 
EFTA01394720

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394721.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394721.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100759 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246943 
EFTA01394721

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394722.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394722.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Exhibit I) 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(aX51)(A) of the Investment 
Company Act as a result of 
(I) 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a company' that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons. the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
O 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than ¶25,000.000 in -investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each senior or other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in Item 
I or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments' worth not less than $5,000,000. 
K 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) of 
Rule I44A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a corporation, partnership, association. 
joint stock company. trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether incorporated or not. If the Investor 
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or (7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper). determined in accordance with Section 3(cXIXA) on the 
Investment Company Act. that acquired such secunties on or before April 30.19% (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pm amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding securities (other thin short-team paper) of 
any excepted investment company that. directly or indirectly owns any outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company. have consented to its treatment as a qualified purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments." see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
D-I 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100760 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246944 
EFTA01394722

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394723.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394723.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
K 
(5) 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
B. 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability company or other organization, 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 3(eX1) and 
Section 3(cX7) of the Investment Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(2) 
Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(3) 
Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the Partnership. the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment 
Company Act. 
K 
True 
K 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one: 
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or non-
participation in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
(5) 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the purposes of the 
preceding sentence, -recapitalized" includes. without limitation, new investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100761 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246945 
EFTA01394723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394724.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
K 
True 
K 
False 
C. 
(i) 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) am entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the control rights of the Investor? 
O Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
K Yes* 
K No 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
K Yes• 
K No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," please complete the 
following chart. 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
If the Investor or My 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or. if there is insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100762 
SDNY GM_00246946 
EFTA01394724

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394725.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394725.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who arc "Plan Investors": (1) U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets (such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
1. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(cX I) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
2. 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
K 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
K 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets arc "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, 
THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
3. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behal f of: (i) a "governmental plan," within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
4. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the Ades and policies governing the sponsoring 
church. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDEN77AL 
E-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100763 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246947 
EFTA01394725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394726.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
5. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
K 
Yes 
K 
No 
6. 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
7. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the Partnership. nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or diversification; 
and 
(c) The tenns of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100764 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246948 
EFTA01394726

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394727.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394727.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Exhibit 1' 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 (`•Regulation Ir) adopted by the Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment program. we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of stock to our investors) on a -need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service providers, or others. such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor Relations at 
ira icapitalnetwork.com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100765 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00246949 
EFTA01394727

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394728.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394728.pdf
----------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIAL 
DEMOCRATIZING
I
E
NETWORK 
INVESTMENTS 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (US), L.P. 
v` a' Cain
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.). L.P. 
GENERA' PAPTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLG 
ItiVESTIAENT 
NA.WP 
Capital Advisors. ILC 
STRUCTURE 
Delon* LinItied Partnership 
STRArErok' 
The Access Fund wil nest 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM GOMI-111 ME r 1 t 
$250.000 
tanbally eV of its *wettable ra-tetS into the 
EI.IND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence Mrough the one-year arnweesary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fc
 (and accordingly. shall extend 
&Somatically upon the extension of the Underlying Funds term). with two 
additions! one year optional extension periods at the discretion of as Generic 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days notice 
Rr Pcti:rINKI 
Oserterly reports. capital account statements and year-end auckted (vandal 
statement?. 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 200% Payable to OBSI a an affiliate thereof' 
MANAGEMEFIT FEE 
<$3 Mit 
1.00% 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Miles 
0.25% 
075% 
I 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTERE:S 
No additional caned interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SLIRSEe,)UENT CI. ()SING FEE 
f 
FIRST Cl On( 
Same as the Underlying Fund. including Min:Mx:Dom nada by corder investors 
for fees and expense?. of the Feeder 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
G€NERAL.. PARTNER 
Glendower Capital UP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF N (GP) Limited 
St PUG LURE 
Engish Private Fund Limited Partneeshp 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary men et global,
NUIIMUM COMM! T MEM 
$5 million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Uisdedymg Fuld's Fos& Actnsvon Date plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions we at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
CA1)1 1 Al..
S 
For the p.eposes of *axing investments and/or paying expenses: generally iron 
tit railetS days prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERK>D 
Four years from the Underlying Fund:: Fxnnl Adm.v,:on Date 
REPORTING 
Audited anaual accounts as wed as irais.itittd Quarterly fraraCial `statements 
(2nd and 3rd Quarters only) and unaudited Quarterly capital &COW,: Statements 
mA 1A6 EME NT FEE. 
Net of 15 basis pined discount egairar Underlying Fund fees reserved for Actep 
fund onfr 
1:VECit,•IENT (Erk:0 
1.10% of Ccamited Cennal' 
Two 'YEARS AFT ER THE P40 OE Tr, E IINi S 
ENT ;.e:PuZ,D 
095% of Wasted Capital' 
THEPEAFTE.R THROUGH THE ENO OF ME Euro ?EON 
The greater of 90% of previous yew and 0 25% of Invested Coate 
CARRIED :NTE!RE.£-T 
12.50%afteren800%preforred rower witha100%0P oftch-up and full CIW/bda 
SUBSECeUENT CLOSII IG FEE OF NOT FIRST' CLOSE) 
Monet of (a) Date-Month USD LIBOR ph.ts 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
'Nen, AU.M4 FJNI Idµ r..' rename 
Fie SA 
N1SULet*, ma WS. sat S.SW.xa t.tStOsi M tha tjiMaelsyi Stsd, 
iii rAxmeheon•nntsnao raran ra to motorail.* tin bran oroaltal ,o en, Ise rera, firSUCO* pogynes 
rroly rent* Owed earls Ste SO', :Pp n tip inninded rimsirat aal rimy net c• 
rated once. ei Ire Iran re Ira* mx x it-marmot trate or tea, .wfer "'tetra e saitcittice. of en rats team rev sweeties Ce 'I-twists-set smooch rawest L. reran .t raves ',Mato of cora* 
sit hu tecoMati Incoota mows MM. era. So MSS SOIL:art o r CterieiSti peivw ram.y..#-± ow.)..uandtan s-vs the :Cf..-tc•Sta: -W4g6ri 
Saturnus wteh sea to/histiara, to 
tattooists*" vreelte'S Of. A coredratal tamvl Mitt *Weft revs) Inttlgtiff lilltrynejbon egw.rne.9 
woo Er.'Ssrk.%i yealy....Ss.. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100766 
SDNY GM_00246950 
EFTA01394728

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394729.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394729.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPOR I UNI I IES IV (U.S.). LP 
END NOTES 
Note, Investors In the Access Fund will bo subject to fees, expenses and performance compomation of the Underlying Fund In addition to the Access Fund Fee and Acmes 
expenses and will expeclence lower miens, than investors committing directly to the Underlying Find as a result of the fees and expenses associated with an Investment in 
the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an oddltIonal too, directly or indirectly from the, Underlying Fund (or its affiliates donna) 
Find AUnti1W0f, Date shall mom the ;ask day of the toliteentn talenot month tolerant> the month et winch toe ifrtrei Closing oecin Ws 
t, fate date as t$eierro,,,ed ,y, 
the Genteel omit. 
nth COrrinverf ro ti'R9 AchnlOrFealrehlt tee 
Cogfil in rts solo drecletion resorts tee 'tint Sc' waned' ce any portion of the Placement Fes pergabe by any oarhoult Linuted partner 
The Access Fund Management Fee will be mkt between Capital Advisees end 0FEr( with n subitantal portion rebelled to DISSI Panne te 
the Private Fttement 
Memorandum of tro Access Fund for fatner informatics-, 
h, 
C.:tow:cm bans • Limited Pertness capital ccennietrnent. 
5. 
Cee:Ui.riOn DOHS = hugged Capital es fully defined in the LI,XetilyIg Fund LPA (henei&ly, Inereekt: Crclitel et the Unclorblish Fared is Ile anuunt of ca ut
 invested in 
nuithreqms ein the remaining endure/NI Crolegretkåns reasonably reserved tot such Investment; ) 
Investors nuking e e....(4CtiptiOn "'dual to or greate then 45 million nor/ the ObtiOn 
IneeStill2 dettctly nt...; the Unit/erg 
Fiend ar de Underlying Reefs discretUn Any 
defect tnertstors will not roreiret trio IS bps a.scatn: stwinst management fens from. too Unclerlyerg Fund investors who tved directly into tro Underlying Ford will rot be 
what t t> Access Find ^tenses. 
DBI tee eats as pltement 
.he Urvarriylnd Fund and will recent related mer kiting fees theatre see to Private Frarement !lemma-dun, of rin recess Fend for 
tether informant" Neither neendaser ;Arabs', LIP nor 'Capital Achn lids, Lt1 am &Misted with DlYel. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
i re seta notero contra-oil heron (Me in -t,ostann, n") /4 for x-Parnmtienal and eh:nu:races ou mow. ori9 snei ,s rot. and may not be mind on in any We
,  of,  logo!, tax or 
nvestment ad te, any recommendation or opasion regardln9 the oPPmfah ohniell 
Pihflhktn of any investment or strategy. or as an one to sell or a sakcitstkan of an offer 
to boy ea abt , est =h Glendower Capital .Secoildery Opptitunetete Fund Pt LP (Um "Underlying Ford" M Cclextwei Atew Seconder/ Ohooreuneree I !V (AS). LP (the 
Fund'). Ai Private offering er •Vereg.tS in the Access Fund ma be meet arty huttåent 1:0 7.0 Access Fines watt 
Pienement ~garden', 
the 'Offering Mennornadum"). when 
will be fesvarord 
(1~
-ed peeSetetrn inVOItOn on a COMilontial barn 
The Presentation is rmoldied :n ris entsein by role:~ 
to the Offering Memorandum, when 
contains mere detailed info, fIlrref. about the Fie cress Funcrs refitment other: Wm. Wm:. era ttnclitums and et> cantata tax tfor emboli and 'elk chtiof ores that are itricurrant 
to any in.ontrrnntdecenorilesafrdrin the Access 
peruar hss teen eutlyarired to wet.? ern rAniteretart concerning tre Access Feed other than ss set forth rn 
Offering 
Irtmonenclum WWI env such statements. if nude, may not te need upon. The estornation contacted herein most be kept strictly confidential and obey rut be reproduced or 
redistributed in any format without the tihornet of the firenød 
Parente of the Access Fad ein the General Peden of tee ~lyres 
Fri 
Ten Prnentation. other !han the detrioncr 
of the P,:ce?.:. Ford :ams. was not cereal for the Access Fond zed does rot describe an invesOntest rn the Access Fund There 
are impotent differences between the Access Fund and the linen lying Fund described r the Presentedon. An enestment in the Access Rails 
rut weak* for as ireesion. 
Po a nito, metetel. /Mte 
ore ~ate Met investing in Wet Arty ix Fund sn.)3ves ril Peal: stegren Of nil' Them Cat be IN) aSSur.Vto :Nat svt 4afil; Fuu.Ot :ein Underlyirsh Ford 
svell ache;. train investment oltocums or doe investors ad recent, a return må that canItS Thro powitarty of par :a' or told lops of COMO, Will exist and prospective investors 
most oe onsexeed to beat capital sasses that may resit from tmestments. tilers wa be restrictions on transferring interests tr. tin Accero Fund. investments may be lanedad 
and the irtiestirron. twformance may be treble. Pekoe deciding to row 
in the excese Fwiret motet me imeercer. fluurd mad the Offering flesnor4,1CUM end ney peetcridi 
artentina to ?nits/ 
Pane/ contained oxeeo The fees end a:semen charred inert tmeestmem in the 'sec** Fund Mew ta hater ragierbs let ert expenses of other nuestment 
alternahves and may offset prates 
Botn the Access Fund ans die ~lying 
Fond 
adrniraSttatne or tria~lent 
fees. cuseocluil weowteag arcs orrice ser eke fees. 
onnormaneet Screamers ard ot ei *N5enSce toet Wan reMaxt teroms. le, ..8110t • srcdd twee the. Fereaciei :twee and venire nuns to accept rear risk cherechnistict of titt accost 
Funds investments. Potetral conflict, of intend men arse betynma the Genial Ratite aix' the Um:WI Pantoa. such conllx It of intern: are de creed nere filt' its ire 
Offering Myrna entun 
In cent:donne any porformanoe data canternito ir. Um. Prestritatian. >mu should toter n mind tt.et pest or targeted ptifeYmat.C. i, 04: OXImeative Oh Keive niaitS and 'NYC a an 
be ISO 011tga,CAT that the access 
Fonda' the Unit/nog 
Fund will achieve tor:losable results. Pionsecbm investors should also bear jr' meat dat past or targeted acelfee.o 
character rocs are not xeckcalwe of lute* bOttfali0 charaelCiStka ard here ca s be )o asswence that any fund will herre comstrable portfoss character rstcs at that target 
Poi rich.> I:Intent isties oeiti De at hewn, The Vain Of 
Can .24 dOwn 
attars. 
thereon be n) atieraixei tea, tir See* 
well be rat zed 
ar the gaguationG glens a; actual realq6d returns will 600.)/X1 Oft among other fettur. fUs‘rt operating results the value of the assets and mod« connate-is at tre time of 
dispoeizew, any rotted imsextion costs. end the timing end meaner of goo. tel d wene me: be :efferent gam tre cree-.~ns 
witsch eta eels:awns contained herein arg 
Dated IRRf presented one 'gross" bale do not reflect any mews -men leek c en Wad insert, men and Slocabk, expenses bent by wetter, 
which in the aggregate may be 
w..b:.!b•-rtral hrnelorb. actual perk, ranee of the Underlyrrya Fund after ne ixticei of such fees end est-erven veveld be lower !hand/. (Foss performance reflected in the 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100767 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246951 
EFTA01394729

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394730.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394730.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.). L.P.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presercesom Further. reI, :‘), 
Access Fund we, err 
fierce IC,Ver returns then morstors cornittser Orme, 
the Underlying For as a result of the eider:Hai fees and 
penses assocrecl witn an investment in the Access For 
riotSing coritancr remain Mould be deerneo to le ormiction or projection of future pedcerneme of the Underlying 
Fund or the Access Fund 
NOTE, Historical returns presented horn do nod include any fete and rotaries that would be as4Orsted wither, investmentitling Acmes Fund. which would how the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an Investor. 
Bengt' earkt ard firmer, irvsces are shown :or Ftetrath* DialSO149 only err ate Drofricase for the purpose of making Dmeral market data available as a vont of rarlererce only. 
s m n tutnc nineek i  art financial imp:ft may hot L. 0,1,444 ter dearer swassiweo. may be unmanaged. ruirre mimesaner of trodine Ca not reflect the impact of any error 
comormens and cost:. management et porfnim &we kin. and have troLtotons wan used for comparison or other puttlenet because they, among cern. reasom may hove 
defense trading strategy. vramty crier or c11
 matrold
-crecteristios 
rerstrantatirs is made !het ai ban:hawk or echo, nen apptoptote mooed. for nomµeisin. 
Alwenotpio :re...Valenti often are scare Wt
 mid cruse, a high degree of risk arreston court lase all or e substantial &mount of thew rivestment After corm in estments are 
su tore orgy for eligible. sorrib2rni investors who are willing to forgo leruchty and site motel ar risk ter an realest omod of rime They may be higly 'Word and can mange in 
Wien mie and other sentutenve DiaCtiCeS that May increase the VCCobi:ty and ..5? 
?MS. Mk! MOS. wrrestmenos hit:scatty hem it t' er fees Mrs traditional immune:or, imesmes 
sold carefully review err consider DOterleal tress before arresting Cedar or Mete risks may ',clue, but are net WIWI to 
• Loss of near riostanhal Dodson of the mom merit tree to annee,9,1, 9_ 
oriel smoother* poxtrots 
• 
Led, of Iructty in that there may bent. secondary market for a her; 
• 
Volatility &rebore, 
• 
Restrictions c. transferrer interests rn a tor 
• 
Potential le* of dnetilliCatket and rthulting Helm risk Ove to Onte:-)nbalien of trader au'? Ore% When a entS4 attenO, is 
Abetter,  04 infrollstroh *WOWS 
valuations one pricing: 
• 
Corsair to,, structure- and drays in tea ressorter: 
• 
Less rechdation and hvciair ca. than mutual funds: end 
• R sks associated wen I he ograhons. pen meet arse proems ts of the mean?. 
Purchaser: of interests will be linear Darin.= Ss the Access Fund and will not Le limited peg the,: of the Under:ter Fund, will have no drect interest in the Underlying Ford writ 
nave ne nOtind rights res the tindr Nine Fuldwee 
Save Ho stmscamg cy it:Out:4 njettnt the tared yiro Fund or Mel:mineral Partner oir Manager of Lae Underlying Rake their 
respective off Kers. directors. members, Pantrete5. sharehoickes Or *maleness. ogres or &Mates for any office'. carer:ff. member. partner. shareholder. sena/pee or agent Of any 
Kph &User. Inv offering of interette it not. air Omar; net be considereed an offering of Wooed rsarver moors in ch. Uncleilying Fund rim wooer. none of the Access Fwd. 
the General Partner of the ;cats Fund Or any of their respective affiliates fats 114 night to partscrpate in the control, management or operations of the errethireil Ford or has 
ar t  errorson O..er If,., messawnro of vie oredirmg Pit a eon-. the Access For mei we Unclelying Fu no impose administrative or reanegarrent vies. cust,x1,,s! 
end °thee seimpe fors, performance allocabath and offer cremes that will reduce returns. Returns tor's:red pertnee r the Access Fund will be "owe, than tb7/41 were a . ,TC.t 
nett:nail in the lircieHro Fund, !Coot& Advisors. LLC. a sursechay of institutional Capitol Network, 
;u/tila iCarmai Networks is an irmisenent &law regostered with 
Dm U.S. SoCoreie; and Eschirre 
CSEC 
The regi Matrons arid !"401:14S ship' alscres 
no way imply that IN SEC Issi risk ter are mimes. Dices':ew service; 
discussed Wein AcklitNewl Information H avadeole upon request. 
iCapital 
212 i?? 
7.1:X., 
‘1,,CeiCapitaIllete•nt.r kcc-rn I etwvreapittslitetisttik.COM 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100768 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246952 
EFTA01394730

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394731.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394731.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower 
Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 1P1 ("S0F IV" or the "Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management in August 2017 
• fully owned by its partners who worked together for IS years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and offices in London arc New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strung IN, yout•like performance with an attractive risk profile. earn/ cash flows, arw negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.Sx TVPI and 23% Net IRIV 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally C iversif led portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-let transactions anc 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-cepth fundamental analysis as opposec to creel structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior lunc 
Strong and consistent track record2
lurd 
Vrt.ht 
fdevetopmenesto5r, 
Further 
Trtr-auens. %or% torpsion't 
her mac* (TWO 
6•10butrO(DPO 
Net IRR 
Praire; car tol% 'et! capr.31 
SOF 
2006 
thorwescrtgj 
US5S65r 
2111541:.774 
18. 
lax 
22% 
SCC 0' 
2010 
Mann:AGO 
1./S$14/r,
1/28/193 
3. 
I. 
29% 
76% 
51% 
Sc.,' 
2011 
(monolog) 
L155614m 
29/75/737 
15. 
1.h 
20% 
Sef 
7014 
(earystor) 
1,551.654m 
1./5$),440n 
15/:49/2%37 
13x 
0.3. 
30% 
42% 
44% 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performancew 
twt I RR 
IroKtc pa:WES 
y 'u Wt Ne:inultilk to knot ;mimes' 
• 
r• 
• j 
• 
• 
ie
w
r 
A
y
r 
i. 
t, 
a 
:4 
nro•Ift 
%di 
wn•lf 
5. 
09. 
23% 
Woo 
01•6). 
1 ll 1111 
7?pi:; cf,x.;rrtorit. rt,g, roiy,te rOi...reo rC Actrer 
Mvest,;+: 
,2u,26/..:d f :in:1;43On Th,s 
S;tf.‘0: • 
.t0r eije, f.•• :aro 
.•;:f 
.; 
-at. St;.,:ty 
egve.rf 
p 3 ji>. .:Ifo.!•-finc, :nftornaor: Past pefformonce b not an 
fiirliGriteof (utter rt! ,:tr:, 
Fund key terrnslo 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years fror• final closing 
Term: 
years t extensions (5xlyear( 
Structure: 
English I.
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of core rtitrren:s during 
Investment Period 
• 1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital1l in 
the following two years 
• Thereafter greater of 90% of 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Invested Capital 
Carded Interest: 
12.5% or a whole fund basis 
Hurdle rate: 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
Contacts: 
CarO 
Managirp, Partner & CEO 
Cnatles 
Managirg Partner & 00 
lostua C G aser 
Partner. Client Relatiors 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100769 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246953 
EFTA01394731

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394732.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394732.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Distinctive investment strategy" 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries. the purchase of LP interests in existing private ad uity funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries which can often involve greater complexity than traditional Fund Secondanes, and incluCe spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset heLicaLions, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the time of the originalacquisition, or later from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections(58% of transactions since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during normalized market conditions(43% of transactions since inception) 
Identify kw compegthe dials 
• ti5$40maveragedeal size 
• Smaller uS55.100n turd ponfolos 
• Mod sue USS103-250mGP led deals 
Focus on effident portfolio 
construction 
• No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
ponfaolevel 
• sledging to mitigate SO.60%of currency 
volatihty 
• Portfolio diversified across a 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate90%• of nonmarketriska 
Pursue a Swain true value 
approach 
• transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
• Mid-sized alpha value rvestorys large levered 
beta play 
• Value creation through in .depth fundamental 
anSysisys dealstructuring 
Buy man.n else*, 
Purchased 3S0• mature fund interests at a 
discountover 10 years: 
• Average 20% discounttor MY 
• hemp -1O%funded at time of entry 
Established Investment Team Active In the Secondary Market Since 2003" 
• 
23-strong team expected to grow to 26-23 by IHIS 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant experience 
Managing Partner, CEO— London 
Deutsche Bank; CO8 Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdny Davies 
Parther, COO —London 
Deutsche Bank; ABNAmra; 
KPMG 
• 
Relevant Years of experience 
Charles Smith 
 as.
717 
Managing Partner, OO—London 
Deutsche Bank; Bunkers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Ada m Graev 
0' 
Partner —Newyork 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; ChotterferfSoros; Cowen 
Joshua Glaser 
Nabs 0lmos 
a0
Or 
Partner, Meet avenge— New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capita; OBC Oppenheimer 
Managing Director- London 
AD1A; (MS; Deutsche Bonk; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
O 
I 
tr 
Partner —London 
Deutsche Bonk 
I
Francesco Riga montl 
O 4 1 
StriorAdvisor— London 
Deutsche Bonk; Golfo & Co 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246954 
DB-SDNY-0 100770 
EFTA01394732

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394733.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394733.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Endenotes 
(.0 Glendower Capita; Secondary 4iporturritier. Fun.] hi. LP. rs7JF he or the rrunci..; is being forme:: hv .31+r:rower Capital LIP eGiereiciet" an app....kited 
rem efera ative of Miratiella AMisers LIP, which is authorised and regulated by the United: kingdom rinahridl CorecerALtlysity 
(M Mature funds it 
sor.SOF Oan, >OF le °reran $01 PisTrafhleeket,-; sort, SOF fi,SOf it an, SOF it I. Perforn terse* figure; hare been usict.iatee baser; 
or. the unaudited perttxmars:e results or sor. SOF D, SOF u inc SOF Mae of September Kr, 201.7 and should he read arc renewed in o.:ajunotIon with 
the irrird.ortara. bircoMation" arc 'Notes to inve,:tnient Redo:name Infornehon- se,.i.Sx‘s of this. iXg.kanehr_ GI,x ,s mote are gtou: OI fern:, earrenses 
anc <arrien interest. Net performance retie:Ls Alti."..beIS rid et eltereitte, tees 4110 Cdtfiel) interest. Past performance is rot a (.11tieeli011 of tror future 
pelornwice of $OF. SOV D. SOF It 
SOF iii bold: ini.luder, to dernoratrate the trast tiet.ert of the Glen:Ante Team tett: fire can be rr?‘03:.~:.,.. that. 
SOF ri will a:Newton:parable results, 
(:1) sor 0 b 
roderrominatec fi re Convener...It the Secterramr ;XL 2017 fitlaluSta ea Le of 1.182;:, 
(4) 
Beth SOT aral $OF D art el:rested in the Daiiity.i Pvtfolio —a well entrance portfolio Or 28 private ecuite funds perchased through an WV, roweling 
enewf re to buyout, special situations. 
ratpliet 
rtx.rl estate sliateAe.' a North Autka. Err rope anti Asia- The rgerber of lure, and corm:Imes 
is a best estIn'ate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing :mid may induce some double counting. 
(S) Source: Cambridge Asscciates Seconnars Penchtna:k st*ti:xles 
ci September 30, I-417 basin: on data dorripl
- from 140 ~near, funds with a 
mininkl;ni of their.: per year, including le" licuicatec partner; tarn, formed between 2044 and 414 Each SOF 
benchmarked against their 
lespe: tie s'intaliefler group. Th's infe/rnatir+n tetiects 3 doMPansOn of tor, sor 
and sor 
tNr.cbritart. cos.; duagiles 
'ay differ when compared to other benclimarking sources SOF. 501 0, SOF it ane SOF ill tara b rot includel in the data set used to calculate the 
rithchitestk43ta. 
(6) 
information presented in this chart is baser; or; the unauciteri results of SOF, sør D, SOr H ant; SOT ill as dif September 30. 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunaion *eh the "trn_port it lniermation- and "Motet: to Investment Performance intorrri
rdn. sect ions et this docr.ment 
(n Past Pertorrnance Is Mt a fireeCtIce et the future pert:cm:woe of ;,OF. SOT 0, SOF II or SOF Ill but i:: inc.iunee in demonstrate the pact, 
ot the 
Glendower tearv. 
(a) Internal rates of felLte:‘ are net of fees, eApenses and cameo interest.. Cambridge AshsciMes research slums that most fixes take at least six years b) 
selde into thee final otraitile neking ard PieuioeS to this settlirg tty typk:ally rant in nether nuattiles, therefore fund or tieridiMark per lorniar.e.e 
metrics from mole recent vietar years may be less meaningful. Median is the nar: die fund the of the group of individual lund (lifts included In a vintage 
ytar frennnorr.: 
Upper: lower -.nail. are the threshold: or the taac.#r (tee ≥S5r)are., toper ticitorn Sko e.arnies faset( on the indit4aual 
RR: included in a vintage year are aret see in c orteriction with the median to determine r4i.artile placement telielthigeB fLetiSI 
(9) 
PP! 
OiSIT3.04.40S V, Peidan Capeat P.VN = Residual Valte lo Paid-In Capital: PiPiir Total Vairie V, Paic.e, Caegal. TVP!, aVPE and DP; are owlet; return 
agsprgaonµ all cash (lows arc enring NAVs in a :a mph, in calculate e ci.auir.weighted recite' 
1:3) Please react the confceritbl private placement merncianum Ct the Fus 
-Mernc:rarcurn, for the tull in:Satre of risk tactets.contle:ts of ;leret, 
cornok)te terms. arc( regulatory and tax corearieratiort; of the Fund For limber enclosure ol fees, such as fees and eapenses paid by the Fun°, please 
retry ix the Mernerandurd, the arnerem.: and restated limited partnership agreement are the deed of adherence of the 
Mt itch ci.:-:urnents ate in 
the proses:: of being prepared alt. will be mar:ft available to pre :peel:rye investors tipole renurt. 
1.11) InvesteC. Capital is; the amount of capital eve ste.. in ewe:try:eras arc the remaineac unfunded obi:gat:cm reasonabl7, le-served t', Glen,. .,:yer Irr 
investment:: 
(1'1 is of frepteinteT At 20%7. Thpre can be rrs3sthrance that tee) strategy wilt i
succe::::tulki the fotcre, er that lenses 
he 31:IA4,st 
(1 
trot:ere:Gendowers assessment base' on pixttogo mariagernent theory 
(14) As of .'keptemtw..:(7., 2017. Peri..d sinr.e2rX).3indir....res time:men; by rrembers of the done sener roarsage.meril. leeirn at Deutsche bank. 
Key Definitions 
^Single Arret Dear means an investment by the 
Inirectly or ineirectly) in a portfoldcompany Montt:drift ohe ot more priaate acuity Fund sponsors Cane 
JitiVI,MOVt•Oein'tteeflt. itS in any ;:uth eueNtinent, but not igatleCINarrjt•P-itti Ststoviaryjzh reawnabt., de tennined 
t he Manager as the Ulvtest reounes 
"Fund Secondary mean: la) an interest held tweethr or indirectfy by the Fund in a generaust or specialist private ebuitv fund structure (inducing a ft ne ei
funds, teeder (ullur or other 
sUudturel at:ca.:free in a rcaneake e !retraction :•r (hi 3 porire4ie et such agerests act:tired in a singe trantaction, :0 each 
case as leatCellaely tetelleititW by the Marater as the context reduires. provled that any interest referred to in clause fal shall be in a hirt strt ettre that 
ether has an Investment pence that is expired (other than for (eaow-on investments) or has drawn down 
cerienitted te Invest at least SOM et its acgregate 
conenurnents, ane prove...ee that any portfolio of interests t‘AegftW to ,r; 
doll be n nosh slruCthreiS that rr. the aggregate hare drain down er 
.;en'ahltret lo invest et, kast SO* of their aggresate c(:ronsitmeret, proolden further that the agregate commitment:: of any rune utructura that has an 
investment frrnot. thaz rc ezrAr*ti fr, ther lian irr folbw.cr, kwestre:er );) stall he teite:` to erival the 3fhes:ni Crams down 
Surte 
stisAztae and: 
ProMect, rk;ajder, that a rend: Seca n.:ary shall not al!» be determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"•5P-len fl.ecceetary.  mean: an iwestrtent interest hett by le funo (esreelly et iltete.:tt0 
priste equity fund structure ce- 
porte);10Cr direct private e0L4y 
asset: through barpuke 
Lacey solutions (are  any follow-on invtn--ents in any such investment interest. te t not inciuning any Co-Ineestntent) as reazonably 
,:Kerrnzred by the Manager a: the CC,h!eXt te.,:-Idenes.
-SOF" meat:: OB Secondary i)pp.:,rit.ne es Fund .A, I P., DB Secone•Ary OpportunitiesruneB, t.P. and rift Secondary Opportunitiez Free C, LP 
'SOF rit' means D8 Le< oreary Opp,ortunitks. Fungi 0. I. P 
-sor ri- meant Secondary Opportunities Fond'', LP 
-sor 
mew., ser5.4v5ry C.Ipporiunit*:; runt: tit It) 
tr)01Funds," '5):8, Program. or 'Secon):aryertvortunines F.:net-mew:1. 80F, !;Cif U, SOF II ere. SOF III 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100771 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246955 
EFTA01394733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394734.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L 
Important Information (1/2) 
confidentiai presentation ions tresentation) 6 being Cf.trOfTWO,C3Let` Loa limiter: filAreber of sophisticated perturb (each. ri "Recipient't by Go:otos/4er 
Capital LIP ("Glencoe:et' ) (an appoctet representative of Mirabella Adviser:: tl.P, which is ethoi 
ant regaled ter the United Yingtont rinanciat Conduct 
Authority) for the purpose of prnvicing certain summary information about caftan yonting ant. future funds and :Iccocritx that are managed or aorised by 
Glenstower, Motu:Jag in connect -on with 'rout evaluation or a potential itivelnerni in the fund to be Pnown as tilers':owe,  Capital Secoretary Opportunities 
Punt W. LP (the 'rune) The informanon ire:ludic in thb Presentation Is being mace available to Recipient; on a strktty confidential bast Dori may not he 
4:iscleset or discuss-der haw person other than any Redpienes aftiliaes  
forterioral iroviseis who are bound by obligations of occife: entialhy on a need to 
know bast. Any pa:t perfonnande information hergAn b not neceroarily ince:alive of future rest its and actual performance may differ materially from any 
pro^tat or forecasted perfonrance Thl; Preseritatam Is rot silteriCeri r0 fOrfrr the basis of an ifSeclinf,Ot deciscri and Payesplents most riOt reSi on this 
Piesentation as part of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund Tilt Presentation may not be used for am, toes not COlfrtif.Ute an 
°tie t1/4, se& 0 3 NrslItikrItlf.fn of any oiler to subscribe foi ca purchase arty fliterests Ur 10 Of‘faIse in al, : other tiamactkin The 
in tius Preseittatcii is 
intent:ad to facilitate ciscussloit and is not necte.barily meaningful or complete without such supplemental tusci..trocn. 
Each Recipient shauld rauisult its own attorney. business accisei am taA aUviser a: to legal, business, taA, accounting ars; 'dates. fltatlefr. (Allif.e.thirt tit e 
ink/twat:on ccaulainet teielii at 
any future orlenr4 of 501,  my. Neither filencowei, Mirabelier Adviser 1.19 tot any of their rescective agihatces makes any 
repreteniabon or warranty to any Recipient regarcing Cr,e legality or art investment In the runt;, true Ire.:Otre Or tas ConSetters:ei. ex the sbltabiiey of an 
investrient for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not inikrited hot dr.-Van:Wm ant shall rot be distributed. in any jurisdiction, where such distribution would violate applicable securities 
lawr. 
Preseisterion nYay refer to CANtalrf *Venn: as having 0153551T5155 3156 COr.t.rrielOS a. Is4"kt herrn enterer into city!: may :KA hats; occurred or been enterer€ 
into at the rate that thy. Presentation ts nate avaehaltle bt I that Graf 'dower expect• will occur or be enteted into thereafter 
The l'rer.entation b not an offer to AA nor a SOriCit3E*0 Of an offal to buy, any Sfr:urity, and ray riot het set or relict' upon in conr.e:tion with any offer or 
soltitatim A private offering of Interests in the Fund will Sit lOate only pitrsuant to the offering document:: for the fund, which contain aceitiots41 infc,rination 
about the invir:ttrnet 4 objective. telinS arat cow air" of an irivetttmerit 
the /WV; and at.
 contain IAA inforniati01 Sine risk disclosures thy,. are important 
any investment decision reyorstio* the Fut id. No uersort his: teen aultioniti to make airy datement cycocerning the Ford other than as: et kith in the offer d* 
co:uments ant arw.such statements, it mace, play nit be (eget uron The offering documents will be furrilstiet to cnaeriec Investor: on a confidential base at 
their moue:1.11e informationcontainee in this Presentathsr. will be :;44Ntrsedet by, 
pi:al:heti in its entirety by reference to. such oftennviccurivtitc. 
An investment in the ruin will inw.ilve significant :eta.. inducing lo:4: of the entire investment. The interests in the rUIC will be 
as there t no seconuari 
truiPet lor interests in the Find forte cone is eroded to r.fe./(1411-i. *float will tor resift:liar:4-.0i transferring interests 
the Fund eivestrnent nwy be lOveragOil 
and the investment pritiorrnance may tie volatile. Before nede,Ing to irwest in the fund. prospective loyestors shsult read the ()Nernst risernorandurn ant pay 
partia.lar attention to the risk factors contaireto b.: the offering documents roe fees and 555CI)P6S153 thillt5511 in connectkit with an irnestment in it+ rural may 
bit hispao thin the film% and 
of other -flyeArnerit flltemafisfeS ant may Oise( 
Investois should have the flnanual ability ant wage4pony, 10 
accept the risk charm:ern:la of the rants investrnems. 
Potential con!Ikts 0 interest may arbe from the relationshm between Credit Suisse Asset Management timited and its atril
ez i-Credit Subse"i, &id:* 
act.ksg as the tours placerratot agent en4nti Solze 
no acting and eon not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section (175 of the 04x.tter rank 
Walt Street Reform and Conti. mar Protection Art ant the ril
ts and regulations promulgated them:Inter i, Mt nkmal Advisor Rule"). 
Any cervices, material, or infintration that Crete Sflisse pro:44es to a municipal entity or eAftatec person es cef Met by the Municipal A,P.mor Rule Mustered 
Party. ) are prostkle: on anarrn r Lertitlfl Oink; ant not asap acvlsOr Or (cutlery to the Covered Party Coverer: Parties tioult 
with their own internal arc 
isxrei nal emnso is before Taking:a:beef with set:OKI hi any Serotslt, Irtgell31, Os infrstriation provION4 to them by Crihlit SrOVAP. Credit SAftsSe alto Will Mt SVICO 
a Coverer Patty for direct or indirect competoation on behalf of an unaffiliated investment armor for the pureen,: of obtaining or retaining an engagement for 
that investment ftiViaer by the Crnered Party to posit ,: ifforritrifriflAtt.fisary Wolff:to: 
or on behalf of tieCover& Party. 
this Pitisentation contains information that ha; been or may have been $1I,Mter, by a number of sources ar4 has not been motmencemly verified Nothing 
container: herein stall constitute any representation Or warranty art re) reSODOSibility Or liability iS accepted by Glendower. its affiliates or Mirabella ALIviSalt 
LIP as to the accuracy or completenessof any information supplied bereal. 
Unless otherwise ::laten. the information in this Presentation has not been aucited or verified by an incepencent party, and :Mould rot be seen fill any 
163ftfler-kat1010f 6.5t1.51re; that might be ail-iv:v.1 
Tie intormaton ! :•niaintn herein rre.st de kept strictly confidential end may not be reproduced or rim:sitter: 
in any format without. the arl.r0s3I Of 
Punt'. Notwithstanding thr!tOregOing. each 'rest:tor and prospecthe investor (arc each empk,tee, fOrfleSefltarnft. V other agent thereof) May obdose to any 
ant all perserc, wareAti !imitator, of any kit,:, the tax treatment and tax stri cture ti the floe and its anrestrnere.4., artd all mite:la:5 of any li nt (incluoing 
opinions or other tax unary-tee:) that are 'work et to 4a. cti owesto' or prospective investor relating to such MY treatment and tax stiuch4re, proviced, however, 
that such disckisure shall not. irick‘te the name for other benttrying infca relation not relevant to the tax tincture 0 tax treatment) of any ptrµvt and shall :Ka. 
include information for which norcid.lasure Is rearoriatthtne..essaly in weer to comply with applicable sett:nues Laws 
Pas performance is not necessarily indicative ca future (*LA: and them can be no assaiararry that the rind will achieve cornea:able results, that the returns 
rSener'ite'l by the rurrut will ecual or *Aber) Those presentee hereto or that tht Fiffir will be able to arfflitnerfill. its iffieSiMerfl: StrOlettleS w er NINO It, 
objestrycr;. The ruric. 41 investment strategy anti applicable invennient reitricOOUS 'nay dIler nom tlice.:* historically ttrnAvvec. and 
I.OrltritionSiOalr Offer rilatef flry frOsi, the contlitiOnS tinder which any othei investment Nod or account managed Or dr.;laSefl by Gfer;,,wer has inlesteu. 
All statements or opinion anti or belief CrOfflairlOG in this Presentation arc all views export:set AOC all OlOjer.LDOOS. fOlecCiS or statement: relatalf& to 
expectations regarding future events or the potoitile futtfe Ferrol °venue of the fund (et:tie:VIC Glendower's (Wei rss:'e rnerit.3nd inte5Prei4lOrl 
nt:Adel:on 
available to 4 as at the tate of this Presentation. No representation is mace of assurance given that such statement, views, projections or forecasts ale 
cormvct. that the obtectives of the l'unr; wilt be athlevedor dot investors will orr.ehre a retern of their capital 
in accifica. no 4e:tponytrirey or liability hr ooty of case is cif will be acr.epted 
Glendower or its respectwe affiliates, '<Chasers, directors, ernigovees or *wiles 
for ufrrettltS the Prerentation (or any adolltnnal information). tOrrectfle any Inacculacier in It to. providing any adtiakmal inlorniation to wu. Atcordingly, IO 
the fullest eatere re:crotie subject lo applicable law, r.c-e 
Clencower or Its affiliates ant teAr respective sharebaiers, adsten:. agents, Cirector:. oDkers, 
partners, !reenters ant eniployttet shall be liable ism,r in the taStl 
fraudl for any kyss (whether ofret:l.. Indirect or consectuent4I), damage, cost or eritense 
buffer et or 
by soy Person ass fetl,li or relying on arwstattnient in. or ormssion front.  thiy presentation 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100772 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246956 
EFTA01394734

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394735.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394735.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP.
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forwardiooking ;tate-merits ism cheing wittrsui !imitation, projections of future earnings or yak di, result: or salt:all:ens herein are based coon la trent 
;$•:sornsitions, may by siniplifiec and may depaiid opon events outside !lie control of Glendthver or its 
Other events that were not taken into accoent 
nay oceor and nay signilicarilly affect tux analy:b herein. Therefore. MaNe; to any assomptior, . may have a material impact ix. any valuations or 
pitiercticie. Actual results may Therefore ha niatenalli different from any forecast. opinon 
valsation herein. Prospectiye lg.-Nestor: in tie IVY.: >hcoki not 
nth' on these tOrwarmfookIng statements in deciding whether try awes! In Sirat Fort. The infonnation tOntamed in the Presentation ens been obtafriec from 
source:: ositslie of Credit 
such information is t-illes.ed 10 tie reliable For the purpose:: usei ratin, neither Credit:Su:use, rrsr any or Rs ad-elates or 
partners, itiembers or employee:, asr,urne any r
ponsibility for the act acycf 
ch irlonnation 
See the "Notes b.:Investment Performance < ontainirt 
irriponantinforriation regarding re.rformant.. arc tergelet: ret.,:rns. 
This Presentatkin vies riot for in part of the basis kir any v.eilfect ea: tureen Gieripyne, or itl atlilete, anz. any atto 
Re.'ipier:tspf Pa) Preseritatkin slag irot 
treat this Presentatiori or tax, regulatory, acr.ounting. legal_ investment or any other advice in relatiori to the Recipient of this information are this information 
shmiel not are cardK4. Fe rerit upon as :air.b 
The CrrstfiMilL4, <4 this Presentation and partkcation in the Find may be restricted by taw in certain 
jurisdictions. Penons arliocome into possesulon of (Ks Pre.eniation are required to inform themselves about. are: to oast e. any such restritliom. 
No governmental authority has oissird on the merits of the offering or interests ro the Fore or tie adequacy of tise. information °minified herein. Any 
epresentation to lie el-aire? ia,1; rearul. 
Prospective irive,ton :rliOLla pay partici:lag attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk 
factors An invt:Imerit in the foe: is suitable only ior ssiiheticater: ins-t
s and rewires the finareial ability and willingness to accept the hk,fk risk.: and lack 
of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund. inve5tors in the Fond mort tie prepared to hear such risls for an incelinite period of titre 
Statements herein are mace as of January 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Inforrnetk-ri 
Ehe Track Re,.cr4 
The GP:FrM.4er ire Talar Ipacraqf from Cent he Sara( arid its afliliates ("DeutIche bank, on Aegost I, 20.17 and eitabibned Glendower Capital. LIP an. its 
affiliates (together, "Glenrowerl as an Independent private .t.cuity Firm owned by its partners Intl ret on secondary transactkin In private rnarkett. The 
pertomance inforrnation are tra-:k record set out in this Presentation in respect ot the SOF rum:: (Dart the pencv time ram inot
ion or the SOF Precis to 
rata. ileberag the tune prior to the Catenation of Glennower, wheri the from; were employee( of Ciectscp,.; Bank. in evaluating the tract. leceetl, e..e.ti Recipient 
Estee that f*t>lo Pirwirrearoli and Charles Smith have been permanent voting nwrnber.: of the sof Funds irwestment committees sireet.ce
ires; fa) 
f hi Cheting, Francesco higanionti ant Acarn Greer have attended as observers the majority of insertmerit committees of the SOF Funds sine inception. they 
were appointer in Decernbef 2011 durirat the SOF it investirent pericv.; as sce.ing merribers on a ra.t.atilaral binis and here been permanent soling members 
since January 2013; (iii) oder employees of Deutsche bank who were not part of the SOF investment team anc that have not. joined Glencower were involved 
at different times on I he investment corr.:mattes of the SOF 
arid Gni, ineestinentdecirlorernaking process in re:-.;.4(:t.c4 the investments ince try the. SOF 
F..ncs and (cro) ha r.onnecoon with the ifly4rrtalirtaS compitirkg the tract record, the riterv.ower Insaistrrent professionals were part .sf a larger voile within 
Lentcerie Nara. The owestment performance Mt:Juliet herein it intended colety to provide Recipients wee information atmnt the Giereower SOF Tearn'c 
owtstinent etpenence. The perlinrnance information pithicee herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative &.,et Management (Global) Limited 
COAAMIGit"lane provided to Glendower are relates to the SOF Fore.; and the related ireivretval under: ins transactor . it' respect ail width the Gameower 
SOF Tirane were ilesk*Mira thee capacity as per/Jerk, rtrarager arid/or insestiment committee members while employed at Decitcler Hank. Glentowei takes 
responsibiaty for Its use -.4 the perfornonce informs:aim and its compliar.:e with all a CipliCiltile taws, reiniations, rules an.: goinellises, inducing, but not renited 
to. the Investment Advisers AC et lit). as aPerrrfree, and is particular. Rule 204.:: therenreer: and DAAlsafGit take:: ras rest-snsibeity for the iice of sucri 
Pe fin(M3n.:e inronr,stlisn by Grersikrwer 
Notes to In 
 Performance 
investment r:F.Ve::: 
(therW4:;f: 
net 45. ;:re as et September 30. 2017, are r.:0;A:rtas, are: aie 
en!,. 
Itenen, 
::rile;;: 
othenvise indicated, -Gross IRK' am 'Net iRR" shalt mean an aggregate, conwet no, annual gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on investments, 
based tin daily cash aftee Cal0. Lilian, are pre:en:cc baled mg actual cash flow" 
zsrte from limited partner:. All IRRn ere presented on a -Intr:s` basis unless 
otherwise stated 0 e, hey do out reflect de pm or ity profit share carded interest, taxes tramaction costs In corineeton with the disposition of unrealned 
ineermremis anri attesr enenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funs. 
which v.4 ret.,.ce returns arid. in the aggravate. are espected re i.e 
Substantial) Net IRA kt presentet: after Kierh.cting all priority plOfit :thaut carrlen interest, tweet.. transaction costs Inc ...thee fee:: aro.: expenses (other than 
;axe; dome or to be r),-,n.,e by inyeatr.o.;, indieing as a nvia la of an ewestors donk. ile). Further, note that l;‘: catc,,i?tirez mfAbocokigy aCo
e."C to Cak,ilat-el4K 
1141 in respeu of the SOF rinds is impacted by the sor 
ire of tahscription line facilities. All perfooriarsce timbers induce recycled capital unless 
otherwise erphsill? ',loiterer. Dist, ibetioni to Paid-in Capital Poem represents el4leg.te ;.stributioire: to insestr4S in the SOF Pads realise to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Fans. Residual Value to Pairj-in Capital ("net") represents the value of the SOF Funds investor,' intersect held within the Xtl,
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions tic, t 
Fend:, net et to SOF F..rret <anilad interest. rrian4ement tees and other excerisers. Total Value to 
Paid-In Capital (- NW): TePi =OW + RVPt Ist.ster is oeficaril as the amount of money returned divided by the arri.:amt Invested ror that partkurar investment 
Gross multiple represents Total Valle as a rrinitile oi capital inuestim by the SOF Funds Net lung data :net 
etc.i net ineronnance data refle:ts anutents 
vet of the sor f 
catneo interest. management fees ant: otherelven:es 
Valuation:. Valuation!: of unrealh:tii nwitstments are generally bate( •sti a good faith aro rettonable ceterrnination by the genial partner of the relevant 
,n ,.cement it a'; Any such valuation of inrea.riteri investment will he based cri assumptions that such general partner helletec are reasonabte under the 
Cittull'ittailteS. the actual realized return: tin unrealizec investments will depend on. dirions otter tae toe• rytt:re pperenN sys,lt, the value of the assets ard 
ifsaiet con.oiriois at the riffle of 5sposatais arty oflater; tranSattiOlithis and the timing and manner of 
all of which Pray Oriel' from the asstarVtions on 
which the valuation.: user; in the pilaf performance dila contains: herein are bared Au:cornea/3y. the actual realized return: generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ mat rally from the returns livicated herein:. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100773 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246957 
EFTA01394735

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394736.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394736.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, LP. 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA This Presentation shall not be eistributed to any Recipient that Ls domiciles; or resident. in a European Economic Area no:airier :tats 
*here tie 
tit the Presentation in such member state wee.sin constitute 'marketing? (within lit weaning of article still(%) of tiw Alternative 
Investment Fula Managers Directive (2011/GLIIIII Thk; Presentation is: rot an approves: prospectus for m.roo
 of section 65 
the Ur' financial SePices 
and Markets At 2030 
Mt United Lingicert. Uses Prer.entation may only be avramankatec ii) by a cere: n other than an authonser: ceirson if 
cirectec only at to) persons who have pror
sional experience in matters relating to investme.nts. falling within article 19451 ('investrnent professionals') of the 
ne‘arcial sankt,a and Markrett ACt 2CV, friforif mil Prorfaxiool Orrim /COS f;e: 
the 'Order 1, in) persons felting amthm: article agi2)fa) to fat Chaps 
net worth companies, idlincor punted associattorir etc.') of the Omer, or (c) persons whom this Primentatem may otherwise lawfully be communicated; 'pie Ili) 
try an authorized person it coquets only at la) person; who have professional orneriest,: of participating in war:plates, 0:Isentes. fatting withal argot 1.44S1 
rinveltly:ent professiatts"1 or the financial Services and Markets ea 200) (Prornoticri 
Collective Investment £chenms) (Exemptions) Order 2001 as 
arresncedi the vPC1S rar
e) arc article 19{5) rinyessanere prcifeYsionalci cif Mei Orcer. 11) perscais falimmi within attic* 22 (high net worth cornparses, 
t.rollf.OrpOraten aSSOLialiatiS etf.) 0 the PCISOrclei ants atte.14...49(2)(a)to (e) thigh netwerth ctimpanles,uriiriCorpOrateP aSSor.eations etc.") of P*Ords.e. 
NM) Node. In Ifibli01 tO each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member Stale) which tit; irriplernenteo the Alternative Investment Nino Managers 
Directive ithrective (20.1.1161/EUI) drat •AlitSD-1 Mod tor which transitional arrartgernersts are nuts no longer available), this Presenbtem May 
distributer: anc interests in the fund may only be offerec or ;Recce in a Member State to the extent that: 11) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professicaoil irnshuors in the reltahra Member 
inacconsance with airmo (at imptrnented into the total law/regd.:tear: of the relmantMetflns.r State]: or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise he lawfully eistnnuted and the interest. in the rune may otherwise be lawligsr offered or placed in that Member Suite 
(tncie4!s:g at the initiaiimY of the er..esto:J. 
In relater: to each Member State of 061 EEA whe-.11. at the date of tit: Pt t...;:eolhtlolt. has not iniplementeo Airmo, this Piesentatrnn may any be distributes' and 
interests in the Purr; nay only be °Betel or placed to the extent that ion Presentation may be lawfully cistributsp and the micentsts in the runt; nay um:fully 
be oiler et or place ein that. Member State (including at the inittatiisis of the insestor1 
For persons In Australla.*fhis information has been preparers for general information purposes only. Nothing in trio Press:citation wnstitutes investment, legal, 
lfamil DM% or la* advice, or a ff:preSetitato'l that any atvestment or strategy 
suitable or ext./ innate to ind:yid:al circu mstances. ce ozherwipt oar:stance a 
personal cr:cominenuation to any Soi:tiflf investor Recipients of PM PreSentatian should 004 assume that any Investment discusser; herein 'hive or will be 
profitable There is no guarantee comerning the achiewment of aeest.rnetit obits:huts or target tett:ins a measurenients Any reference to Past performance 
is rot indicative of future results and is no gtarantee to future results. This Presentation has been prepared for an. is protidee Dray to ;fermi:tee recipients in 
Australia who qualify as whdiesme ctopts 4ci that term g defined by pick', 7616(7) of the Australia:, Corporations Act 20(0 (Cth ) (the "Act.] moo as 
sophisticated or professtanal ,me, tors as degree by se-:tscrks 70gial and (111(respectiva)y) of the Act. in respect or which an offer would Oct r ecuire disc:I:sure 
under Chapter 61) or Part 7.9 of the Act. It Coes not contain inc dook.it not be taken as co:taming any financial preduct advice or financial procuct 
recomnwreatots. 
Preser-labols ki Oct. m PrelPeaus. pros:via CLI/Josure statement a any otter form of pretcribeo tgh,desco.ti,;mentur,der the Act. This 
Presentation is not required to. ars, doe: not. contain all the information wind) would be recuiite in either a prospectus. (Ifni tt.t.t (iiscioscre :bats-merit or any 
other form of prescribed uflerine cocument under the Act, rear hit rev.?:itec tie be st bit:heti to Ile Ai:straiten Securities era: investment% asinnibskas. The 
funds referred to in these inaterhes are not registered schemes 
cellist in the Act. In Australia. Credit Sur...se Group (111ililei, other than Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch are rot author:zee ceposit-taking institutions for the purposes of the banking Act 1959 (Cth ) and thele- oliksation: do &N. represent deprnit; or 
other babilitseo of Creek Suisse AG. Sycrey (:ranch. Credit Staffs) AC,, foyoney Branch tor..; not guarantee or otherwise provice assurance In respect of the 
obligat &pi. of SLUt 
Somale entities or Ms: fonds. 
For persons In Baran. The Presentation has not been apprpeed by the Central Pant of Bahrain which takes no mswinsibikry for its contents No .:4fer to the 
public to purchase the Pmt's interests wilt be made in the Vinedorn of &Attalla anc this Presentation is imervied to be teed by the arieressee only and must not 
he passed to, itistato to, OrSilt:lel to the powgenerally, 
For persons ki Brea The inforrnsibn contained herein Is for Ph:imam:nal purpopys. only am; is not, arm taw,er no circernstance.s is to be cora:tiled as, a 
prospect:is, aft advertiseriwg a public offering. an offer to sell the mitareits beiailmi he tau Of 
SOlmilat fan or an of fm-f to buy the interests cescnbed herein 
in Braid. Arai public offer or safe of PeIntel/is:to OesCribeel herein will be mace only if appficable registration in the Brazilian Securities Cfatalr:kaal011 It; obtainer. 
No imitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, ates, Inwstment will be deensed to the pubfi in grasit or by any means Woubl be deerneri public ode-ring of 
securities in Brasil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be tonstitaO as iFtwoUnent acirne Brazilian Securities Cofontisso has not 
reviewer, the frmitefial beteg.. 
For MOM In Brand. This Presentation has not been ejekvt.-rea to. liCentet or penrilfret by Autoriti Monetad Brunel Oanta.1-gatat. Nor tta2 it teen reefotereri 
with the Registrar of C.omnarii 
This Presentation is for informational putootes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. As such, it 
moot not be flOtribt4tm. 
pAl0finottO to and Intl? rot br teliec upon or useed by any person it: Brunei other than the percori to *hoe: P. b directly 
cornannicated and who belongs to a class of personas defame under Section 20 of the Br 
Sect.rineS Market Order, 2013. 
Fa proms li  Gonads. Tit Preesnustkm is Only intenced for persons in Canada who cuaafy to be a 'permitted cleft - within the meaning fiaporeil instrument 
3:10?- Registratkei Requirement:. Eyernptions pic Ongoitg Registrant. Ottgathrny. To lie eaten,. that the ilifonnath.q. onihimiecl herein references sexrites 
of an issuer incorporated. forme or treater, m:ncen the law,: of Canaca of a province or territory of Cartsca, arty traces in or adyice regaruing such securities 
must be conductim throsgh an invetainent dealer rig:pert-4 in Carioca. No securnes cchandzsion or similar regnlah:My a0htlor,' in Crania hOr. reviewed •'..r MI 
any Way passed upon these matenals, the information contained herein or the merits or the Interest'; descnbed twee% and any representation to the contrary 
it an offence 
For pasta inch a...4! or ronw Of the offered securities may have not been registered with the St ter rintendencia de Valores y Segunss (PM") pursuant to law 
no 16.045, the Ley de Mersad-:, ce siatores, and regueitions thereunder. Securities not registered with the SV5 may not be offered or sot' pc:nth:Ey in Chi* 
(nr-SS a ff.-SIMPLON Met:IN:ion apply). Thb flOCtiment dims not constitute an offer of. <1' an invitation to subscribe icr or pirchate, the securities in the, 
Rept but of Chile, other than to incivinually leentifier1 investors pi,rst ant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado ee Valotet. 
fan cllef that is not 'addressed to the pi:bricks general or to a certaIrs sector or soecifk gemrp of the of1610.foradrationaldnfenrabaireferrer to such of 
Ofer fle securities, please contact yOtir ReliftkIrdrin ktIrlat4f7r. 
For persons in Odn 
hiss invvtation to offer, or offer for. or sale of, any interest or investment will he made to the p.. bik in the Peoples Republic of China 
('PRC{ or by any means that would be Or:tined piths offer ellt of se :untie:, ince( the taws of the PRC. These materials may not be Oustributec to irichocuak: 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the MC who have rrai obtained all the met:ire:1 PRC government approvals' it is the investors resporsibihty to 
ermure that it has obtainer all necessary PRC sr:averment. approvals to purchase any interest, participate in am investment or receive any inyestn,ent 
or if amm:trnent managenient so-ices 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100774 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246958 
EFTA01394736

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394737.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394737.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SO( IV, L 
Legal disdakners 
for persons In Casaba Thic rratkettng material does not constitute a public offer in the Repirldfic of Columba; it is being distributed under orcurnsuoitec 
wh:di yo,-A constitute a petsho of ferhig 
securities wider applicable Colombran securrtres Nees anti regulations. Neither the products. or the Management 
Company/Issuers hare aria will not be registerer, with the Soperinteriaence of finance of F.olonibia. Potential Colombian investors should rn:Jke their own 
cep:ion *Miler this frrancral protruct meets their investment retgeutrver am, tisk tolerance level Each potentral Colombian ire:es:tor should inake its own 
indultles and cOnSolt 4S Oval VC vii0IS i)! IC this financial product are: the Management COMpanyilssuers, inCluOing the Merit arid risks irreolv,41, and as to 
legal. tax aim feinted matter:: cancer-Sri; an ::vestment in the producas.This riMek fling material is mattered rr: Colombia or prow:eel to Cokerd...ian residents in 
conerhance with Cerree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable roles anti re.g.olations relater to the promotkun of foreign financial anellor Iteci.ritire: related products 
or cervIcre: In Colorthra. Accordingly, the radx,utts may only to proiresteri t4 Cokombran ere:Ili:huts In compliance with ceuree 2W' of 2010 are under 
at cant lane. es which do Mµ constitute a public of
 of securities 'mem applicable Colombian marketing roan: and genet al securities laws arid regulations 
For persona In France. This Presentation can only be communicated to Qualified irarestor: wither the meaning of the article 0411.1 a the Monetary finsfinancial 
,:cr,..emorrer,oO, et FillOrWani tO professNmal clients are) eirgibte counterporties. 
For persons In Guernsey. This Presentation has rot been approve(' •:r attrikarired by lite Gt.ennii:ity Financial Services C.cnorriss4ps or the States of Guernsey 
Policy Comroil 
For Penn In Hatt Ths Pnejenntalit'4i 6 fee general informatiorat may/5es only. ?lathing in this Presentatitai e intended to constitute fironcial advice. Ho 
Put& or OniVilini •:ilferlre of the IribeleStS Is Prong made In Hartland no agreement rekr tog 
the sale of the Iriteret, will be cOncludec in Hale 
For persons ki Hong Kay The krfor ;nation rnernonocilni in relation to any interest and/or investment referred lobules Presentation has nit been approved 
by the Securities acv: Futures Conanission of Hong Kong. Accordingly la) any interests or securities may not be offered or cop, and Ivor, not been offerers or 
sold in Hong Ke-ng, 17 means of any document, other than to IN-Professional insescors" ax clefered :n the Securities and Futoresi:relircarce (Cap. )17.11 of Hens 
Kong and any rut% node under that Ordinance: or flit In other circumstanced which co not remit in the (too...neat berm; a -riroweourc" as (refired in the 
Camp:Inlet: Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Cong or which do rot cent:title an offer to the Dash( within the meaning of that Or ;r
 art (b) no person toe: 
cued or had In its Ousseavon for the purposes of issue. and will not Issue or have in its possesskv, for tile purpose:: 
Wsne. whether in Kong Kong or 
elsewhere. aryl advertisement, twitat ion or document relating to any interest or securities, which at:Cifext./xi at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be 
accesseur or rev": by, the public in H083 gong (except rf permitted to cio %, ',hoer securities laws of Hong Kong) oche; than with respect to any interese or 
Securities which are OF are interv.ied to be di4y0Sed of onki to perterns ootirce Hong long or amt.. to 'prOfeSional inveStOrs' within the deferrtion Of the 
Secriritiestaric Furores Ordinance (Cap. 5711of Hong Kong airs any rules made ordier that Ordinance 
Fa persons In brae. This Presentation has not teen approves by the Istre.r)Searilies Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli resicents in a manner that 
rife not constitute 'an oiler to the public" once' sections 15 are.t.iSa of the tsrael Se 
cities LA4 517,8-196g fl ier Securities taw') or section 25 of le swis 
investment Trusts Laver 5754-19dA ('* 
Joint investment Trusts Law'). as applicable TM imxtucts "resulted in this Presentation (the 'Products') are being 
offered so a linlited rwitthisr of lin...slims {35 in
 or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of iramstors Pstesi in 11w First 
Metter:lino ("the Aterendure) to try iecoritles Uldt, r5QpiliVOCALOTI InwP.Storini nafnen; joint investment furvit. or mutual post funds, proVitent funds. 
insurance companies, banking corporations (porrltasire,Poscructs for therraelves or for chants ratio am Soplusztoteri Investors', portfolio managers (purctiasing 
Prus,ucts for the)nselveS Or for chentr who are Sophistiv.ated I:Neste:3), invert/nen! isovisors rte inyestnent marketers (waif's:big Prone:Is for themselves), 
members of the Ter -Aviv Stock Sschange (pvicrecing Products for thene7‘r.fves or for clients who are fgupliisticatiso investors), underwriters (purstasing 
Pro-Suraz ice thernselser.), venture cupta) ft.m.s envie-lc mainly in ifve capital market. an entity which rs wrmessawned by Sophisticatet investor.. 
darer/rations, (other train Marten for the specific peril se of an avAmiSinon porioani to an crier). with a SharehOlders eluity In eacess of NC. SO million, and 
imrskicalr. in respect of whom the teens e4 kinnir in: the .-..chearn. 
to the arrest ment Acvice Law bold true investing for their own account, :n respect Qt wh-kh 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, apposes, financial assetz (as refined ini the Investment Arivice Law) ark- securities tracer on a 
stock es.r.lernge lisereaed under the Sin:untie,: Law (together, 'trout As.d.,fc- i exceeds pas 8 sho rt thiv n.), liy,37.0./ L 
thtra.p..,,a,i of ily.oine 0.der 
of the precei.!ing two years exceeds HIS 1.2 million lappiorinsile* 1200.000), or the level of income of then 'family unit" exceeds HIS 1.8 nallion 
i.arsproarrriatekiiKa,,00:3): or the aggregate value of aft Veit tior0 Asset; exceeds tarr 5 arilion lapprcerniatefy Er110.000) any: their Nve! of income Veer eat, 
of the precteing two years exceeds NIS 6110,000 (approximately 1100,000), or the level of inosires at their 'family unit' es Ortecet NIS 900.(i(t) (approximately 
1150,00)), each as cetined in the salmi Aekerettir0, 
arrfixie-s, nom time to time. and who in ex!, care have wonted written conFiriflatioir that they yuatiiy31:
SophrstaW1 Investors, ant that they are aware of the COrCelluenCeS 01 such resignation are agree thereto; in all casyS under circumstances that will fall 
within tees priudte oacerrynt C  other ereensptru-rs of the Joint investment Trusts Line. the Securities taw and any applicable pcidel!nes, doorrouncements 
tnlings issuw. Iron: time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This PiesentatiOn may not Pre reprOduden Or t•sed for airy other purpose. nor be hamster:I to any other parson other titan those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is pviritMsng Snell PrOeitiCt for 
c oven benefit and account and not with the aim or interaSees of orsurbuting or 
offering such Product to other parti 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a Sophsticater Investor by virtt e of it being a barduing corporation, 
manager 
irVinber c4 I.Pas Tel.Avve5tc‘k Enteroge. as defined in the AuCentlom, wheremai:offerer:is purchasing Product for another part:re:11km* 
a Sophrsticatec investor). Nothing a. this Presentation should be sonricered investment adore or investment marketing as definer in the Regulation of 
Investment CourrS.filie '''' Investriven:Marketing ant: Portfolio MVnagvnieni Law, 575h..1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek con-rt.:lent Investment cot reselling from a Molly Manse, investment coons& ['Svc to snaking the inved:Inernt As a 
prereoursest to the receipt of a come of tub Presentation a recipient shall be recruited by the fund to pros-ice oonfirrnation that it is a Sophisticated Investor 
;ruche:An:Products for its own accorad: or, where applkable, (a other Sophisticated Investors. 
This nridentatain does not constitute an offer to sell of SofisitaflOn of an cater to buy any sea.rities (Alt than the merest& in the form offered hereby, nor 
roes it f.c41.ctio.:te an offer to ::ell to or 
roik-itat_koi a an offer t4 too/ is OM any person of perpOrir in any state or other liars:Cr:ikon in which such offer Or 
soldtalkirilwxlil be onlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicitation is not Qualified to Co so, or to a person or persons to when, it is unlawful 
to make such offer Or tolicication. 
fa plata In Japan. The ifilorniatroii in relation to any interest. and/ or irwesirrient rws not been arei will riot be registereu puts:Ant No rerrth.re 4, Paragraph I of 
the Financial instrument and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1918 as amerced) (the 'Mtn and accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them 
may not be allergy; or 
erectly or irvirreCtIV. In Japan or to, or for the tenet of any faparw.se person or to others for se-oljering Cr reside. sliFecriy or 
roorrectly, In Japan or to any Japanese person except ureter clicurnelances which will result in etrophance with all applIcat.le laws, regulations ant ittatielillCi 
prom..Igate0 by the relevant Japanese governmental and n,ltilatOly3titnoritie:: and in erica at the ettivvant tiled!. For tit pfirf.p.sie, "Japanese t., tilii10" means 
any port:or:resident in Japan, includir€any COrpOr atiOn or Other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, 
rnatelial kSCSInblit40 try Credit Suisse Securities won) t tro,itc ('CSA:), a regotereo clnane.oal instruments rum (01recw•Gentral of Kanto local 
rioNlto gateau (icrnshoI No. 66). OIL sa member of Japan iecurit
s Stealers Association, isikile-1:1311iitnrel. AS80d.3tiOn of Japan, Japar: Invetter.?.nr: At'Vt'a'r 
k•SOCi3tiOn and Type II Financial InstMirients Firms Association. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100775 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246959 
EFTA01394737

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394738.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394738.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Canital SOF IV, L P 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia, Pm. doe( meet is proves:4J' on 3 C.arthdefiti3i basis tine made upon your r *et:est This document roes nOlt:041StaLte, and shot:lc not be 
cordirueo 
Ll'ilstitctiiig. an of fei or invitation tosubscribe for or purchase airy wair:txn fa: Oefineci in thy Capital Markets an.1 Serykes Act '20O7)in Ma Ifraid 
or interests (as defined in the Conipane, Act 1965) to the public in Malaysia. The depatch of this emurrent suet not make available any sect:nue% for 
subictiption or pen.frase in Malaysia. This (tot:orient. las. been issued out:ine 
Fstaysia aric no iSSlia, offer of invdaijohonce: thes costment ha:' any effect in 
MalaySka 
For persona k Mexico. nlit marketing material is. ectribittect in the Hittite Meskar, State; I nfrntatol by a Norygn Financial intlitutim lInstiwoon 1:m4:tient 
.:el I:start...41*st subject to the sopentoon of the National Sankt:if; and Securities C.:Twat:ion (Cornision Nacional Bancart, y de Valoric) (the "CHBV-) The 
securities mentioned Meek, are roc registerec in the National Securities Registry (Regttro Nacional ite Valcreal (the "Ritiet or in the International Gut:tater, 
Sysieiri iSrsterna Internacional my COVZ3Lkwie)i !the 'SIC:10f the Muoicar, Stuck &hart* 
(eolta MexiSah,4 ce VAIrges). therefore such mrct:rtm:::, r> st:t:ance, 
offering distnbuteri and listing are not subject to the soper,ision of the CHEN or the prosisions of Mekrcan law The securities shall obit be SLOWSt to public 
offerirg.listirg or brokerage in Messcot:Ilitst: registered In the S.W.:or the `PC OlirsuArk to the applicable legal PrOvisena. 
For Paws 
M Monaco. This Imxlcct Cray not he 
•:,r Solt. directly Of 'oedOSOY. to the Delklic in fuloriaco other than lky a Monaco Bank or a duly 
hiGn£13aSch e Inter MeCskry aCtmg 353 professional inglitutional ir.vestor *hid ,  has such k&.'n.Viedfje ant] egperience 
firiarvial anti b:iSirkSZ ,IXItters 
as to be capable of evaluating the riSkS and merits of an rriVeSIMellt in the rum: Constitueitly, this 60f.taffuelit may only be coriuritnicatud to banks Cady 
licensee by tile "At Ekhit.4 fie Conduit hfi:Otiltier and lolly rs-SeilVeSj portfohonainagewkent.corripar.4-7 by seta:. of Law ri'.1.1,14 of ,duly 26, 1901 and Law:1.33g 
of September 7. 7007. duty licensed by the "Commissen Oe Controle ces Activites Finary.ieres Such regulated intermediarier may in torn communicate this 
COChhatili to POOlitilisl investors 
For persons In NeyrZeerand This alf011Tal*:1haSt14:0110%.,h3lvift)r3nei rt 0rCh.leied Of*, to hesit:Ittet ft( vients in New Zealand who c Lillis. ;stun ".("dettrh-3,0 
business' or 'government agency" within tte meaning of dause 17(1) are clause40 of Schedulel of the New Zealanc Financial Markets Comfit' Art 2013. 
for persons In die Sultanate of Canon. The alformaticn contained ill [his Pr ese.mation neither constitotes 3 pagic offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as 
conteitiplatte by the Conenenlial Gamest nHo taw of Oman (Koval Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market taw of Oman f RqfA Decree tgef9Sh OC4 
vonslak:, * 
ar. offer to set or the solicitation of any die; w say Non-Onian sec,nitie, ir. the Soltarrate of Oman as contempt:Ate by Article Lilt of the ELeicittive 
Regulations to thy Capital Mania: LaW !iwgier., by Destro° No.112CO9I 
Ade. itirJnally, this Presentation is not intended to Itac to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever (Id It within the territory of the St Itanate of 011,3,1 
For persons In Citatar The interest.; in the Fire) an? only being offered to a limited number of InsestOrt Wei are seeing and able to conduct an Incepencere. 
thsestigati.sti or the risks invoked in an inteument in slid, at:ere:0. The promotional ilccumentationdSer: rsCs constitute an often ro the public and is for the 
t se only of the nanted ACCreSSEg.: anc shotid not be given or shown to any other person (otter Man emprcyees, agents or coroiltants in connection with the 
arkiressee't consideration thereof). The Fend bar :VA **en air! ware riot be registered with the tlatal Central 83:* or under arty laws of ttr... State of C;A:42. No 
triter action will be concluded In your Jul ecictIon and any inquiries regatOing the interests in the Font, shade he made to 1311140Will . 
For persons In Saudi Arabic This Precentaresn may may not be dratibuted in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia except tr, suds persons IS are ;MU :Vitae' :inig.er the 
r)flers of sect Mies RegtoUrtions ka.11.4:0 by the Capital Market Authority (the 'T..ryt.n•j, 
The F.MA uses not make any represtnintIon as to the autrau)' or completeness ot the Dcsainsent, and etpressly insclalots arty hat•Ifity whatsoeyer for any lures 
arcing front, of Incurred M relance opors any part <4 the Pf-,..Pntation. Prospective pee:besets <4 the interest ollere.t rn,reby sh,..uld conduct their over, tier 
(arOMCC 'Jr, the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. If you co not inter:taw; the contents of the. Presentation toe. shoulc consult an 
authorized firusocrat advisee 
For persons h Sireaprxe This Presereaten e. DO t a prosPectits asdelintel in the Settniket ar4., rk: mres Act. Chapier 'i s.1) of Singapore rsrAlarri hat: not been 
registered as a prospectus with the, Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relator to the content of prospectuses 
RaPild Mf apply, arc thus PrOi-entethOOStzk,ie not he et-ran/VI in any way as a Folicriatksn or an offer to best Or Sell :Jew interest Of investnti.int rs.,(errnj rp !is 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for est . The product ranker in this Pr
entation is not authorized or 
retognirett by the Monetary Authotity of Singapore (the "MASI ere Site ee it.; interests ir sheet 
Shall be allowed to he offered to retail mAnic 
Singapore. Trir Pierentation 'tray be Ottributee only 1.) to persons who are -Institutional investors' under section 304 ol the SFA. 
for persona hi Souttt Korea Itas ihttstraattort 
biting proykseo to you for general orttusson porposa only to gaoge the leVal of interest in the reievart 
products The delivery of U,5 PreserifatliM to you stgrukt not he continuer in any Wet, as riAitiling investment or offering to sell any intelesls desaiturc it. this 
erten:anon Rather, berore the saw, ol any tom product. the mei will fest be registered with the Financial Services Crgaimit:don in konto and a lacaity 
licensed entity still be engaged. 
For persona In 9Mteerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard to the content and completeness of the information and cries not axept any 
liability for lo%Sas that might arise Iron. "Faking use of tire  information If nothing is idicattici to the contrary, all figure; are or
ticiited. Its intormaten 
proviclett herein Is for the ertloskte tee 
the recipient Private eninty C: private eerilty capital invest:man; In companies that, are not traced publicly (I e , are 
ne.t listed on a stock mit:honer.). Prate equity insesizetents are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term ewestrnent. Prisare equity investments. inclortkg 
the Investment opportunity describes! herein,. may indene the folkwor-g aeoltional risks: 0) lots of all or a sobstaralal portion of rite Investor's investment fill 
investment managers may base incentives to make investments that are rider or tre,re speculatkve rue to performance.taseri compercanon, hit) lack of 
imp:icily as there may be no secondary mantel, (WI vOlxIlity Of Fitt net, he) restrictions on transfer. (.43 potential lack of oloseplication, /yin hilt, fees and 
egpernes, (yin) little or no requirement to provide perickeir. pricing and fig) cOrlpies. la, SZhAthreS arc delays in distnboting important tar information to 
inst.:tors. 
The reprecentallve of the fund in Swirl/engine is Hugo hate! Seruices SA, 6 tigers de Fthie. CH-E04 Geneva (the 'Representative- ). The offering documents, 
an=ises of ass:octets-at are audited financial stateMents can be retrainee free (4 charge from thy P.eoresentative TIP: place of peforresarKe for inletittls of the 
Fund offerer. or cistrihulec in or from Switzerland is the registered offioe of the Reprerentansty. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in 
relation to arty Oksputes arcing out of the duties:4 the Reprerentat Lie. Any (asp ;lye related to the didsibut ion of intylests of the Fore in toe from Swit2et lane 
shall be sotilect to thentrisalction of the registered office of the oisunbutor 
The Paying Agent In Swayed:me is gangue Cantonale ce Geneve, 17 ctiihi c* hie, CH-1207 Genesa, Swaim lane (the 'Payee; Agent- I 
Interests may he 
subscribed anther redeemeo with the Payktg Agamt A handling commission will be ;Jarge-71 by the Paying Agent lf a subsea's:ion or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions ono money must be received by Itr paying agent at. least ;14 hours before the approort.ste (feeling coot:find*. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100776 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246960 
EFTA01394738

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394739.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394739.pdf
----------------------------------------
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L P 
legal disclaimers 
for person; Ina mu and Nest. This Presentation roes not constitute an offer or solicitation in St Kitts anti Nevis This Presertator, ha: not been reviewed by 
the Soo:Mies Commosker or the firencial Serei.to Regultstore Conimissiorr M5t KAts and Neve. 
refobt my a othority ifi St. 1(41: one TT esis 
passer; utan 
the &tumor or adeouacy of the of teeing or endorsee the merits of tie of teems. the funs: hae riot been are will not be registeresi with any regulatory authority 
ih St. YOU and News.. Each investor :hotly coroult his or he legal arsine' 
occountare or resorcial asIsoor lot aiivice on the 6rsrious legal, to: or ec000nric 
matters uonceetang ark or her investment in the rum: There 
invohre:i 
Inoesting, well the ultimate risk tieing the loss of the 'mentors entire 
in.estIneni 
Fa persons in WEI Abu DhabllOubal. This Maser:rotors and the ittOrrnatenCOntairien herein, does not constitute, area is not reechoed to oxistitute, a public 
otter 
UnitqC Arab Emirates and accmoingly shoulO mat be < cmeruee as moll The interftts in the rt;nd are only being &feted to a Dmilect 
number Pf sophists-steed 'woo:tors in the IJAE who rot ale Willing We able to cOndiat an iceepentlent ewestetation of the fists Insisted m an intestrnent In sail 
interests . rod ibi upon tr*ir specific reeeest. The ',attests in the rent have not been approste by or licensel or registerat with the UAE Central Etank, the 
Sect:title> WWI Commooldes Authority or are/ other rekivarit hearosing atittxxities or governmental agencles in the Inf. The Presematem is for the t ce ed the 
eanitic adUressee only are ;hot k1 not he giver; or shown to any other person retiree than employee's. agents or consultants 
Connection with the addressees 
con:i0eratiot r thereof). WArans'Atiori wilt be cons used rn 
IME are.: any ene vines rega0; 
:met est 
the Furs; stools, be eras* to tiler:0s:we: 
For petiole In the United Staten of America in nI4kIng arc investment OeciSiOrt prospective must ref./ or; their own eywriination of the issuer arm the terms of 
the :lifer rig, inar,InCing the norrits erg risks insolvers. 
The interests haw. not heen re:onoeno.ceei by any letierai or state securities ester:IX5On or regulatory a:the:its. ni n herrricr#.. the toreooing authorities have 
not confirmed this.. accuracy or determines the acen' acy of this Pr senator.. Any representation to the contrary is a cr iminal offense 
The Interests hase rot been art.; will rot he resisteted under the Securities Act, or any state or oit*r 
Lawr. or the birs or any non-U S. jurin,:icticri, nor 
u such registration contemplate:: The Interests will be offered and tac, in the United States only to roalifying reec•ients of the tunes private placement. 
rremorareir m pursuant to the evemphori hen; the registration, foto Irainent.s of the Sect ricks Act provirted by Section 4121 are. Fogulatico Cs thereof are any 
aPPIleable IV51:1A000 proOtt'liOtt 5 therk'tnijir arc' in compliance with the at:pleat:Ito sect rifles lows. of the states and oho fortsciistiony where the offering 
'Mn be n'ace The hiteregs are beings,* tor ioseotment only arc are subsea to restrictions on tosocferability and resale arid may net be transferrer, of resold 
eacept 
peoveesi rn the Foos; Portoerstrip Agreement anti as permittse rosier the Securities Ar.t ate the doper:46k.. ]late setcoties laws. pm:scoot to 
registration c..r exemption therefrom. tnnilen Partners shouk be aware that they will be rectare: to bear the financial ri:P4 of an investment in the interests 
for an ay.efrrate leriee or tine The nose will net be registerei ac an investment annpany rosier the Inveturint Cernpany Art Corzeocently. investors will 
not he affornee the protections Athe investment Company Act. There *di be no pt blic market for the Interests, arc there is no obligation on the part of arty 
t*rOW: re register rhe Interests untie, the $.e.cuntms Act. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100777 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246961 
EFTA01394739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394740.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS1e0 Lawrence Hee. 
CONFIDENT
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
iCapital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-010077.9 
SDNY_GM_00246963 
EFTA01394740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394741.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation') is for informational and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy. 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund') or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities iV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access Fund). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering Memorandum), which will be fumished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and them can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors. which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction of such fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance of the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100780 
SDNY_GM_00246964 
EFTA01394741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394742.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• 
Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee or agent of any such affiliate). 
The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC'). 
The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
iCapital. 
SIFF:ICII, CONFIDENTIAL 
PR 
,E 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100781 
SDNY_GM_00246965 
EFTA01394742

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394743.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394743.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Funds terms is qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP 
Access Fund' 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.). LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital . LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
Capital Advisors, LLC 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
S5 million 
S1 75 b:II:on 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' plus up to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses generally upon 
business da
'prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date' 
An AIF MD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise 8 Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements (2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaucited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into the 
Underlying Fund 
5250.000 
N/A 
is
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary of the 
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Feel 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund term,' 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Generaly upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen 8 Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports. capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof?
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital' 
a 85% of Invested Capital' 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0 25% of Invested Capital 
50% after an 800% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2 00% and (b) 800% 
Access Fund 
During Investment 
Years Following 
L
Commitment 
Penod4 
Investment Penod5
<53 million 
- <55 million 
L 
$5 intlIton+t-
00% 
0.75% 
025% 
0.75% 
60% 
25% 
No additronal carried interest vrill be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investor;-1
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
Thereafter 
> of 90%
of previous i 
year or
025%5
iCapital. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100783 
SDNY_GM_00246967 
EFTA01394743

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394744.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394744.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors. LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
iCapital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100784 
SDNY_GM_00246968 
EFTA01394744

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394745.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394745.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUSI 40 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
LY ,,ONFOENTIAL 
2' QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100785 
SDNY GM_00248969 
EFTA01394745

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394746.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394746.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this °Presentetion•i is being communicated to a limited number of sophisticated persons reach. a 'Recipient) by Glendower Capital. LL.P ?Glendower). which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct etuilloiity, for the purpose of providing certain sainvney information about certain eelfating and futile funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP r•$CF 
hei or the 'Fund') The information included in this Presentations being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipients affiliates or professloncal advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality On a need to know basis Any past performance information herein Is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients mist not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to stubs gibe for interests in the Fund This Presentation inay not he used for and does not constitute an offer to stet. 
or a solicitation of any otter to subscribe tor or purchase any interests or to engage in any other transaction 
The information in this Presentation is intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney. business adviser and tax adviser as to alga€, business, tax, accounting and related matters coeceming the eformaticen contained herein and any future 
offering of S0F IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an investment en the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability• of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution. and shall not be distributed. in arty jurisdiction 'where such distribution would violate applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited investors & Qualified Purchasers. This material is personal to each offense and may only be used by those persons to 'whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information concerning the Fund Strictly not tor redistribution. 
Please refer to the 'Important Information; 'Key Definitions.' important kilometer' on the Track Record.' tImportant Information for Recipients in Certain Jurisdictions' and 'Notes to Investment 
Performance' sections at the end of this Presentation for further important information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to
 or-U5$' are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31. 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100786 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246970 
EFTA01394746

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394747.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394747.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities' 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flowsl 
In 'WO 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
1.400 
Pricing 
- Re-price existing funded assets 
1,200 
Flexibility 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
1,000 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
800 
600 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
400 
Mitigate J-
- Shorter duration of investments 
200 
Curve 
— Earlier cash distributions 
(200) 
Years 
Complement 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
(400) 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
(COO) 
Capital calls and managen*nt fees 
Distributions 
tE00) 
Cumilabve cash flows 
(1) This information is for riiis!it‘siin purposes and reflrrcts Glendower Capitals own analysis. The graph is an example roe illtrstrative purposes only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100788 
SDNY_GM_00246972 
EFTA01394747

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394748.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394748.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
- US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
- US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
- Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
- Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
- Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
- These deals represent 24% of the market 
- Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
- Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
7f a informetical set out in this slide is for Mushy -. 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
ii.,oses only and summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the slides in Section 3 'Secondary Market Update' of thn presentation 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100789 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246973 
EFTA01394748

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394749.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394749.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100790 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246974 
EFTA01394749

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394750.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394750.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
I ntroductiont" 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned by its partners 
- Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1st, 2017 
- Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
- Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash flows and negligible loss ratio 
- Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-investing strategy pursued since 2006 
- Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality managers globally 
- Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
- With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
- In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 50 investors 
- Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
- Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
i• 
c.cr 
e,,Losative Oritirus ,,aye been calculated Cased -Yr ire unaudited mforiftarce resulia of SQF 
I 
r I. an..
a. are 
v  
a, .s. 
be I...4e ..rY- .e 
., 
the , 
Information" and -Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performers:it," sectan in particular includes. among other things. a desciiption of the terms tared in tie 
tables above and sets forth taco-tars. grudelnes and limitations as to the performaislre described above. Net c-erforrname data reflects amourds net of expenses. feel end enured interest. Imiesdois should consult with 
thee own advisers as to ttw an opiate :actors to be at wide .-ed i n twetiatiri this inlatuation Pest peiformence is not a pie:beton or theVete performance of SOF. SOF O. SOF II a SOF Ill but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be ro assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved 
CS; ifiendaver Capita Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. t. P. rSOF IV or the "Ftzeill is being foymed by Skindower Capta€. LIP rtTrienc retl. wtsch is authorized and teguiated by the United Kingdom Financial Conchs./ 
Authority 
The Fund is seeking USS1 75 billion in total comnutments with the aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investrhant returns principally in the form of capital appreciation. through the, acquisition honing 
and disposition of: a diverse bort*lso a investments incitAnti buyout growth capital. Ante* capital special sitoridions, tuuturiund. mezzanine. distressed opoottmities. realestate art Er:hastily:lure assets from des 
secondary market The Fund will target globally but prImariff in the (15 and Europe it) the acqulattioh of inteiests in established generalist and specialist private equity fund stiuctures ;mother° funds of funds. feeder
funds and other similar siructutes1 on Me secondary market 
such fund or snucture. a 'Raid Secondary i. 
the acquisition of interests in Daftly 's of private twiggy. assets on the secondary market in transactions 
with greater coinplexity eicluding Spin-in 
fr
I SpOttS. taiiiend tes1 factizirria. assetiiquidatiast. and LP tenders roach steer invevment interest. a 'CrlF-led Secoridarci, and sii) dweginents a- an individuai patitim company 
alongside private. equity find sponsors teach such inyietImeni. a 'Single. Asset Dear). 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100791 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246975 
EFTA01394750

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394751.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394751.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 2003' 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
- Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
- Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
- Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
- US$3 billion in total client assets2
- London and New York offices 
- 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
- 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
- Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
- Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
Established 
operational 
processes 
- Integrated, self-contained processes 
- Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli. 
Charles Smith. 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
Team 
Tearn 
Team 
restructure USS6bn 
raises 
raises 
raises 
Deutsche Bank PE 
SOF 
SOF D 
SOF Ili 
proprietary portfolio 
USS565in 
USS147m 
L1S51 550n 
--• 
2003 
2005 2006 2007 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
rjj Period since 2003 Includes time spent by ITWATONIS of the core senior management team et Deutsche Bank 
(21 Actual committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF CI is a Euro denominated furr.l. UST values- have been converted at the September 30 2017 EURIUSS late of 1.1822. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
• 
• 
2010 2011 
Team 
raises 
SOF a 
LiS$514 m 
• 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
2014 
2017 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100792 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246976 
EFTA01394751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394752.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
ai
ReSe., :int year.. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroll 
Managing Partner, CEO - London 
Deutsche Bank. CDB Wob Tech: General Electric: 
The Boston Consulting Group 
MBA. 
Su wenn. swot, SlEny Ron., 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO - London 
Deutsche Bank ABN Ammo: KPMG 
KZN Leaver:14y. Snuth Aqra CA (SA' 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Room. 
0*
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
Vice President, Finance, 
London 
Repined team in 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO - London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers 8 Lybrand 
.IA. Cavilled& Uneemily; ALMA 
Joshua Glaser 
O 
Partner, Client Coverage - New York 
Deutsche Bank: Paul Capital: Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS. Tell.. U1S,e1111 
Devrup BanerJee 
;I:-
Vice 
President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate. 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
41) 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
tit 
Aldrich Chan 
O 4& 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the loam 
Rafael Enrique; - Hesks 
Associate. 
NON York 
Joined in 2018 
(hiring - 1O181 
Vice President, Fund 
Controller. New York 
York 
Adam Gram 
Partner - New Yak 
Deulsche Bank: Pomona: Lehman Brothers; 
ChatteneelSoros: Cowen 
BA. Cele.ge tierce:ay 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director - London 
ADIA, UBS. Deutsche Bank. Credit Suisse 
Poly:ethic, ter 
Philippe Ferneini 
Vice President. 
London 
years mth the team 
Sheldon Lee 
4 0 
Analyst, 
London 
Jolted in 2018 
(hiring -1O181 
S 
Partner - London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA. Cumlirdr Ulmer si 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor - London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo 8 Co 
MEA.Unkronaly Li 
. . • se • 
MA. Milan Limy. 
ri
Victoa Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the learn 
- 1O181 
U 
Associate, 
London 
Maxine Turner 
0* 
Vice President, Tax, New 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the learn 
Elena Stnirnova 
Vice President. 
London 
years vaih the team 
Helena Turley 
, 
Client Relations. 
London 
Reloined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100793 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246977 
EFTA01394752

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394753.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394753.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDL1S140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 2017A 2 3
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
2006 
(development stage) 
(harvesting) 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
Total 
Fund size 
US$565m 
US$147m 
US$614m 
US$1,654m 
US$2,980m 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
/ 154 / 1,774 
/ 28 / 193 
/ 75 / 737 
/ 149 / 2,837 
Gross multiple 
2.1x 
3.0x 
1.7x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
Gross IRR 
29% 
37% 
23% 
31% 
28% 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
1.8x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.3x 
1.5x 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
1.8x 
2.1x 
1.2x 
0.3x 
0.9x 
Net IRR 
22% 
29% 
20% 
30% 
23% 
Peak net contributed capital 
26% 
51% 
42% 
44% 
(I) Performance figures haw been calculated based MI the unaudted performance results of SOF. SOF 0. SOF and SOF III as of September 30 2017 and stank. he mad and irvievaxl in canjunclian vatli the "Inipodert 
information and 'Notes to PerformanceInformation" sections of this presentation. Dimas returns are arras of ftsiss. expenses arc carried siterest. Net performance reltecta amounts net of expenses tees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considerecf'in evaliciting this information. Past pertomiance is nol a prediction of the futive performance of SOF. SOF ID SOF 
or SOF lIl but rs Ettek1/4104 
dal:ion:watts the tiack record of the Geri:towel SCiF Team anti dane can be no a.seurance that SOF IV yak' achana comparabai Riwads or that taw target niatilm will ie acitiewti See 
important information on the Track Record- sections of tha Presentation. 
;2) SOF 0 is a Euro denominated haat US$ v2Aues. have been converted at September 30. 2)17 ELIFolISS rate of 1 1322. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF I) are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well diversified portfolio of 2e private equity funds purchased through an SPV. providing exposure to buyout. special sitintiona.ventum capital and real 
estate sbateckis ki North Amer Eva. Europe and Asia The number VI keltiti arid companies is a beat estimate and t47:** the ewer/A of &wig deal at ?Amax! Leal may 
some double courting. 
1VPI M Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI it Distributions to Paid in Capital: IRR r  Internal Rate of Return. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100794 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246978 
EFTA01394753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394754.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance' 7'3
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Secondary funds: Net multiples to limited partners 
50% - 
45% - 
40% - 
35% 
et 30% - 
ix 
1; 25% - 
5% - 
0% 
+ Upper Quartile 
S0F 
22% 
t 
Lower Quartile 
• Median 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF II 
20% 
SOF III 
30% 
5x 
0.5x • 
0.0x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI =2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1 5x 
DPI= 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1 3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
• Index DPI 
Index RVPI 
SOF funds DPI 
SOF funds RVPI 
11) Source' Cambric* Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of September 30. 2017 based on data complied from 140 secondary tu 
with a rniisrnain 
fssocispia ,ear. ;rk.-iuding 
rc 
fully fiouidated partnerships. 
funned between .u04 sal 2014 E4(11 SOF Fund its shovm bencluntaked against their respect 
vintage peer 
This inforresion lett crake comparitson cif St': 
or
r. s 
s 
I I arid SO)- III performa
e agarrst one 
benchmark a=y; quedfee may differ When swill:cued to other benchnuirking sorates. S 
ra 
OF. SOF J. SCir ri and SOF Ili data isnot included in the data set used to calculate the benchmark data 
(21 Information yes/sated in this chart ie bused an the urauelted results of SOF, SOF 0. SOF II and SOF In as vi September I3D. 2017 and stieuld be read and reviewed in cvnµexbon with the 1mb-ore:Int Information's and 
Name to inyeslinent Performance 1i-drama-bon' sections of this 40c0nlielt 
(31 Past performance is n'$ a prediction of the future I>0110fOtert6 of SOF. SOF 0, SOF b or SOF III but n; included to denionstrae the track record vi the Glter4oseer SOF Team. 
(41 internal rates of returns are net of fees. expenses and tamed interest. Cambridge rAssoaates research shows that most funds take et feast six years to settle irto their final quartile ranking. anrA iNeVIOUS to this settling 
they travail): rank in 2-3 WIWI .ftWIllfilnk therefore fund or berscl‘4113lk PerldnIvalete metres from more recent vintage years may be less reeeninged. Median, is the, muddle fund !RR of Ms Temp of individual fund iRRs 
irk:aided ma vintage year irmarintn 3 funds's. Lippert lower quartile are lit thteskers for the upper;tor 25%) and 
(batom "4%) quarhars based on thei Inds-dual heed:I:Re inc€uded m a :nrtage year and ar ksed 
in coniundlon with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 3 finds). 
CS3 DPI e Distabotiors to aid-€n Capital: P,MR 'ss Residual Vats to Paid-in Capita. TWIse Total Valve to Paid+1 Capital. TVPI. FlelP1 and ;ham€ are rt.:vied rtetvin armegatinp all cam'', keys and a slim *Ws in a sample to 
<intonate a dollariweighted return.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100795 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246979 
EFTA01394754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394755.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile' 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds... 
...With a secondary cashflow profile 
SOF III 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
DPI2
2.5x 
2.0x 
1.5x 
1.0x 
0.5x 
0.0x 
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Buyout Top Quaint. .50F Program 
Vintage Year 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2
2005 2008 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Village Year 
(1) Source' Combridpe Atutorates Global Buyout Benchmark es of September 30. 2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF. SOF D. SOF II & SOF Ill (*dormant:6 aoarnst one benchmark only 
Past 
airtime:tit is na a ()elit:iron or the trdure penermaree of SOF. SOF D, SOP ia SOF 
Ltd 
Included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOP Thera. Inforrotaioniteesenlarl in this tarts based on 
the unaudited results of SOF. SOF D. SOF if and SOF III as of September $0. 2017 and should be ;eat and reviewed kir conjunction with the important Information and 'Notes to InVestmerit Performance Information" 
becifOCIS (*allies presentation 
(21 TVPI= Total Value to Paid-ln Capital, DPI = Distributions to Paidiln Capital: Net iRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVPI and DPI are pooled return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
doier-weighted retrain. Net IRRi ale nut of fees. anion:set and carried tastes( Cambridge Associates research shows that 0166l funds lake, al least Lux Veartsito settle into their final quartile ranking. and previousto Pas 
iss-ttirng they typioally tar* in 24 other quartiles. the.
 fund or t.terto..fenark perfemerr_or nteariCS ''crank more re -+d volage years may be *SS ME,W4.155.5. Top quartile $the thresrod for the tipper (top 
°A-.) quart*. 
based co the individual fund IRRs included tri a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum f.4 funds) 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100796 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246980 
EFTA01394755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394756.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 2017'-',•5
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public market indices 
40% 
35% - 
30% 
10% - 
5% - 
0% 
22% 
0% 
3% 
29% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
21% 
20% 
12% 
12% 
18% 
30% 
15% 15% 
12% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
SOF II (2011) 
SOF III (2014) 
■Glendower Net IRR 
MSCI World 
Russell 2000 
■Thomson Reuters 
______ I
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
23% 
15% 
9% 
7% 
SOF Program 
rt) Performance figures have been calculated basec:4 
. 
. 
SOF. WE D. SOF 
• 
?JOE III as of September 30. 2017 and shock₹ he read and reviewed in conjunction vith the "Important 
Intotmationv and -Notes to Ferfoimance Informator 
• 
• 
c. 
return; are moss of kJ- 
expenses and carried siterest. Net perharnance reflects amounts net of expenses. tees aryl carried 
interest. Investors shook) ronsu₹t with their own aMesers as to the apPropnate Leedom to be ceraiderecEin evaiteetino thiS information Pas₹ perlormance la not a prediction of the Attire performance of SOF. SOF D SOF 
It or SOF III but nincluded to demonstrate the track reseed of theGlendower SOF Teamand there can be no assurance that SOF IV wit achieve comparable revolts or that any target results will be atitexed See 
'Important Information- and 'Notes to Investrriert Portormance- sections of this presentation 
12) MSC₹ World Index and Russel₹ 2(A) Irstery rettaim are based on total return Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Irides refixes are based on pries. These benclanaik indices do nut represent an appropriate 
benchmark to con-stare the perfotraance of the SOF Funds. but fatter is disclosed solely to xenv comparison to that cite certain sesa.known and sodeiy recognized indices. 
i31 Methodology. The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate the PMEs. Net cash flows or the SOF Funds are ftwicaled in each illaCk. EQI exhirt(ItV. itl when capital is drawn horn an investor. an equivalent 
arsount is invested !nth,' index on the spiscrfrc date: and 
when capital 
(fair-brit-al to an irreastor c.ads; is -withdrawn" from the index on the same <bite. A theories:se terminal value s generatei based on the growth 
of the total index Net IRR rt calculated uhrig tre cashflows replicated in the irdeex and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been treated using the 'all in method 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100797 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246981 
EFTA01394756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394757.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF Funds show consistent performance1
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
Net IRR 
30% 
100% 
min
SOF 
—SOF 11 
60% 
40% 
20% 
0% 
20% 
-40% 
-60% 
27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
20A 
1.6X 
1.4X 
I 2x 
1.0x 
0.6c 
0.6x 
4x 
0,2x 
0.0x 
Quarters from inception 
-$PF 
seem`.SOF 
80iS 
40'.% — 
20% 
l
oSOF 
•••
•$OF 4 
......w5C3F HI 
11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters frominception 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
SOF 
--SOF 
---SOF III 
2.0x 
15x 
1.0x 
0.5x 
Ok 
3 
13 15 It 19 21 23 25 
r 29 al 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quartets fromincepton 
Caters tromneeption 
f1) Perfoimance figures have been calctriated based on the unaudited performance results of SOF. SOP II and SOF III as of September '30. 2017 anti should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Impoltait 
Information" and Notes to Per lormance Information sections of this presentation. Past piertfonnarta hh1 not a presik.toi of luttee returns and there can pe no assurance that S0F IV will acNeve comparable results or thiri 
any target results who pe achieved li%re is no guarantee tad future performarce will be consastent with past performance of SOF. SOF II and SOF III. Performance intimation on SOF 0 has not teen incksied en lets. 
sile because SOF 0 is a single transaction r top up fund raisedin 2010 to Ullfierfilite pariipassu the Da limn transactionwith SOF. Glendower does not sopect that snmtar liam.actions will be avretabie to S0F IV. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CR M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100798 
SDNY_GM_00246982 
EFTA01394757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394758.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100799 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246983 
EFTA01394758

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394759.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394759.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181
Fund Size 
(USS000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market index 
• Volume-driven 
• Alpha play 
M 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
• Low barriers to entry 
S 
• Smaller deals 
Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
10,000 
3,000 
1,000 
• 
100 
1996 
<S1bin 
$1-3bn 
• >$3bn 
• Glendower Capital 
•
SOF III 
-...-) 
1—il 
Li Cis ' 
/ 
. ,,.
.. 
— 
: 
. 
{ 
• 
SOF II a c 
-.. o ri 
7) SO: and 7: D 
f.D 0 
`. 
C)
,
f
-, 
..., 
r.: 
O 0
riii 
• i 
? 
O 
O 
.../ 
, 
e 
O O O , 
O 
O 
cA) 
ps 
O 
o 
.%. 
c 
O 
.> 
c
..p, 
o 
Q 
(,..• c 
C. 
, 
f1 
ii 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
• 
SOF IV 
—10 players 
—10 players 
>50 players 
(1; Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source. Pregin database end Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising.
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100800 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246984 
EFTA01394759

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394760.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394760.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Description 
Marked 
Glendower Capital 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072
Gross returns2
SOF (harvested)3
SOF II (maturing)3
SOF III (early stage)3
Fund Secondaries 
GP-led Secondaries 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• Single LP position 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Spin-outs 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Fund of funds 
• Recapitalizations 
• Secondary co-investments 
• LP tenders 
• Portfolios of assets 
• Co-investments 
• Many participants 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
Buy selectively during periods 
high volatility and illiquidity 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
US$5-100m 
US$100-250m 
US$25-50m 
40-60% 
Up to 40% 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
3 
;'nark,bt :,twos based on own triarlat intelligence. 
i2) As of September X30. 2O17. Gross returns do not reflect the priority profit share, carried inter at. taxes transaction costs and other expenses. Performance haves have been °arcuated based on the unaudited 
performance recut. and shoald be read and reviewed in corqation %rah the 'Important Inforrnatn" aryl 'Notes
the investment Perforrnfiric-al sections 
t hea presentatian 
above 
investment Perlormarr.e' 
section in particular Includes. among other things. a desorption of the terms used in the tables above and sets foith important guidelines and Inrtations as to 
 per
 descrbed
 Past performance rs no te
a 
peek:tart of the lutuie panfarnance 
(3) For fund-levet net returns please refer to the overall Uansaction summaries for SOF. SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246986 
DB-SDNY-0 100802 
EFTA01394760

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394761.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394761.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile  
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
- Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
- Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional acquisition of a LP interest 
- An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary dealflow 
- Glendower has developed an extensive track record' over 15 transactions with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2
- In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
- In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
- Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of interests between the GP and Glendower: 
Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried interest structure 
- Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, recapitalizations, etc. 
- Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
- underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value creation 
t I) As ct September 3 
2017. Performance figures have been criculaed based on tea re-audited performance results and should be read and revieeed in constiction vrkh the -important Inforrnatr.i.n" and 'Wes to the 
Investment Performance' sections of this presentation, I he 'Notes to Investment Perfomtanee section in particular includes. among other things. a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
imrxgrard guidelleas and limaatiors este the nerformanoe described alone Past performance 
rag a isrediction of the blurs Derto4reterte. 
(2 Please refer to the overall tiansaction summaries for SOF, SOF O, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43. 45 and 47. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100803 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246987 
EFTA01394761

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394762.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394762.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
-3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions' over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in oven 350 funds globally 
• 
Wind-down of USS6bn DB PE proprietary pod€olio 
Fitters 
Filters 
Filters 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c. 100 transactions' 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer. own spin-off 
Source- Glete . Capital pipraateay information as at 15 R.4aich 2018. r4i.--nber of trane.eacos Ine.S.eies foll(4fr4:gn 4weerneils armi splits out transactions wh;ch have, been atnetaialed in one, &3,1 for rer.tetinr; 
purpose:a 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100804 
SDNY_GM_00246988 
EFTA01394762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394763.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
liustrative case studies 
-01 
Zi 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discounts 
Funds I 
assets / 
region 
Seller 
Description 
re 
.2> 
Modigliani 
US$38m 
funds 
European 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
(SOF II) 
34% 
225 assets 
Global 
family offices • Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
Whitney 
USS64m 
fund 
US 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
(SOF II) 
27% 
assets 
pension fund • US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
Europe 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
US$54m 
funds 
Sovereign 
Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
(SOF III) 
26% 
500+ assets 
Global 
Wealth Fund • Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity. Calera, CVC 
V 
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
US$36m 
funds 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
(SOF III) 
37% 
500+ assets 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
Global 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
 C.-.3 I e n ClOWer 
 Cfinal 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100805 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246989 
EFTA01394763

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394764.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394764.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
liustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Funds / 
Seller 
Description 
Discount' 
assets / 
region 
Porter 
US$220m 
funds 
Multiple 
Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
(SOF II & 
9% 
assets 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
SOF III) 
US 
Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Southern 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
European 
private equity business 
bank 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Laurel 
US$147m 
fund 
(SOF II & 
24% 
assets 
SOF III) 
Europe 
lonesco 
US$28m 
asset 
(SOF II) 
NA 
Europe 
Fitzgerald II 
US$37m 
asset 
(SOF III) 
10% 
US 
 Ulendower 
 Capital 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Global 
Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
bank 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
STR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
7i
'
6. 
I 
I 
 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100806 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246990 
EFTA01394764

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394765.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394765.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100807 
SDNY_GM_00246991 
EFTA01394765

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394766.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394766.pdf
----------------------------------------
GU/0S140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 - 2018F 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
GP-led Secondary 
■ Fund Secondary 
Source. Glendower 0-apart analysis. and own esajnates Lased on Greenhill Secondary Markel Trends & LASlook, Jancay 2018: Geensul! GP &Attica,* Discr.Kiwn 1Ml.frials. May 2017: and Dow Jon-es Pr ;ate &tasty 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Marker. June 201! . 
F = Forecast There la rte warmitee the eVirnate tiFhliatted wilnt erraze. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or LatsrantE4e of future market volume. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100808 
SDNY_GM_00246992 
EFTA01394766

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394767.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394767.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And increased propensity to trade 
Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion' 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2
US$bn 
3.000 
2,500 - 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 - 
500 - 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Ni Unrealised portfoho value 
Dry powder 
2.2% • 
2.0% • 
1.8% 
1.6% • 
1.4% 
1.2% • 
1.0% 
0.8% • 
0.6% • 
0.4% 
0.2% 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
—As % of total PE assets 
(1) Source: 2018 Pregin Gobs! Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 values as at June. 
(2) Source- Glendower Capital lawn on 2ifie Preqin Gobal Private Equity & Vefiture Capnai Repc,it, 
Sef.oridary Piliwket Trierejti & 
XIS; arci Dow Jarvis Private Easily Analyst Guide to the 
Seconikary kirket. June 2017. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246993 
DB-SDNY-0 100809 
EFTA01394767

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394768.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394768.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
n 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
Pricing 
110 
100 
Overheated marketin 2006 and 2007 
Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
% of NAV 
108 
104 
Few transacbons dosed at this pricing 
Mostly unfunded LP interests 
Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
- 
Stable for 7 years at 80-90ca 
Annual volume USSbn 
.93 
2005 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Secondary market volume 
—Secondary market pricing 
Bubble 
Crisis 
Normalized 
Stif.- trce- Glendower eapital.artalycitt at  estimated Wice-.1 Un theenitill Secondary Mafkel. Trends & Outlook iztEtti 
• 2iJiS. Coyer: Parkins Sacco:lacy Attain Trends & 
%My :2014: Cove d Partnars Secondwy 
Market Update, March WO9". aid Dow Jones) Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market. June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100810 
SDNY_GM_00246994 
EFTA01394768

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394769.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394769.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong 
US$bn 
140
120 
secondary capital supply'... 
125 
... but 
US$bn 
700 
600 
dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2
Dry Povaler 
3.7x 
• Deal volume 
<1- Cry Fbw der 
Deal Volume 
100 - 
500 
GlendowerCapital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deployin Secondaries 
400 
300 
• 
200 
a:, 
2.2s 
4, 
100 
iil 
MI 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
ii) Source: Glendower Capital astir,' ai 
(2) ource, Glendower C.L.wit 
Report 2018. 
Glendower 
Capital 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
a sed on Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis. January 2018. 
on 2018 Progin Global Private Ferirty & %Immure Cap at Repoit Greenria Secceidary Prit4rgy Trends & analysis. Jwnsary 2018 and Rain & Company Global 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
•• dt 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100811 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246995 
EFTA01394769

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394770.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394770.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintages' 
Seller composition breakdown2
US$bn 
250 
200 
201 
186 
226 
193 
150 
137 
149 
144 
129 
100 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
issztilas 
Sourer all7 Preqin Goks-A Private Equity S VenLusa Canital Renon. 
1.2) fiance. Greenhill Secondary Market tends 8 Outlook. January 2018 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office I 
„dada 
Other 
6% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100812 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246996 
EFTA01394770

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394771.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394771.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
GPs seeking 
Grand-name 
liquidity for worse 
managers 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Illustrative transachons 
......... 
he Paltrier% 
DIAMOND CAIST1.! 
FEC:7 
One Ecp.hty Partners 
WARMINGPI:W2)N 
DNUANC, 
• 
Lt^zir1/2.t.1 Can in!. 
Mid-market GPs 
looking to provide a 
DUKE 
STREET 
Quality 
• liquidity option in 
ilka:Yr-..• :Anna 
mid-market 
year 10+ or 
GMT 
managers 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
SbnA 
. 
Zurmont Madison 
• 
4:4,Y4n1 
STAGE 
Under- 
Zombies looking for 
performing 
solutions make 
managers 
unlikely targets 
ZOMBIE GPs 
USSIdn 
a 2.4 
2.7 
1.9 
18% 
CAGR 
• . 
0.6 
1.9 
8.2 
7.1 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
9.0 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
—GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(I; 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Gt eenhil Secondary Market -II ~is. 3 Outlook. January MIS; and Dow Jones Private Equity Amtlyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
25% 
20% 
15% 
10% 
5% 
0% 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100813 
SDNY_GM_00246997 
EFTA01394771

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394772.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394772.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100814 
SDNY_GM_00246998 
EFTA01394772

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394773.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394773.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Investment strategy 
Vintage 
2014 
Fund size 
US$1.654m 
Gross invested capital 
1.931m 
Performance as of Seµtember 30. 2077 
Capital called 
1.036m 
Distributions. net 
316m 
0.30x 
Remaining NAV 
1.026m 
0.99x 
Total net return 
US$1.342m 
30x 
30% 
58% 
Asset geography 
Vintage year 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
44% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
12% 
17% 
11% 
nu II 
10% 
26% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
24% 
2007 - 2008 
2009 -2011 
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
Sector composition 
As at Septembor ?O. 2017. Past pinforrforK-e is not a gua-antee or indicator d ftits6 results . and date cart be no assurance l ast the kind will nhievo compteable results 
'DIN page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infounation• and 'Notes to Irmestment Performance' section of this Presentation 
Consumer 
Healthcare 
I* 
Industrials 
co 
Real Estate 
Financial Services 
Business Services 
CI
Technology 
 Comrrunications & Media 
li
3% 
Natural Resources 
5%1i Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100815 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00246999 
EFTA01394773

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394774.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394774.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF Ill Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
e
HIGHSTAR d CA.P:TAL 
()NMI,
ANE 
PAWNER::
Real Estate 
COLONY 
NORTHSTAR 
Morgan Stanley 
II A RCO REAL ESTATE 
Amadeus Capital Partners 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30. 2017. 
KKR 
ihingapcint 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
rcv 
octopus veriz,..res 
Palamon 
%odor—
Glendower 
Capital 
Gilds 
Buy Out 
Patton 
. hi R,_. LA 
Os Pollen 
7.1- Street 
• 
Capital 
DUKE 
STREET 
STAG E 
Lou. PANTCAMS& 
Capital 
GMT 
*MLR,..4 
'Quadrangle 
Zumont Madison 
1L-1C_
I 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SMITHFIE 
ET 
ENHANCED 
EQUITY 
FUNDS 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100816 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY_GM_00247000 
EFTA01394774

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394775.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394775.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Deal Type 
Region 
Sunrise 
Stage 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
SOF IV 
Description 
Investment 
• 
Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
GP-led 
North America 
Exclusive 
Intermediated 
$524 million 
$100 million 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• 
Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
Klein 
GP-led 
EMEA 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
€60-100 million 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• 
Penguin II 
GP-led 
Global 
Exclusive 
Proprietary 
€150 million 
€150 million 
Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
A 
Single Fund 
APAC 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$6 million 
$6 million 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
B 
Single Fund 
Global 
Advanced 
Proprietary 
$50 million 
$50 million 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
Funds 
Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
C 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$50 million 
$50 million 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
Portfolio 
and mezzanine funds 
D 
Funds 
• 
Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
Global 
Early Stage 
Intermediated 
$200 million 
$200 million 
Portfolio 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
E 
• 
Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
GP-led 
APAC 
Early Stage 
Limited Process $1.4 billion 
$100+ million 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
Single asset 
• 
Opportunity to purchase founders shares in an existing 
F 
North America 
Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
$20 million 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
deal 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
'or diSCASICI) purposes only There is no guarantee that any pipeline investment yid' complete or form pan of a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further due diligence. prove suitable for "f. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100817 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247001 
EFTA01394775

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394776.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394776.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF IV - Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Expected Closing Date: 
April 2018 
K 
Fund Secondary 
SeGP-led Secondary D Single Asset Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at close 
ca. $100m 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
7% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
US 
0/0 funded at close 
100% 
Industries 
Consumer 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive mid-
market investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
- Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
- The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
- GP with strong track record 
- Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
- Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
- Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
Poi disctrizezin pcapeses 
The ircreettment pr 
reed above I . 
closed. 
here 
 Or*, t 
is no guarantee that ate: investmeol 
cramptc4e or form pail a. kaure invested portf ie or that it will be al:allot:4pr. atter lute' 
due diligence. prove suitable to T.OF DI. This slide should be read 
I
and reviewed in conjunction with the Important Information and "Important PerformanceI vntorrnabon' and Notes to Investment Performance sections. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100818 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247002 
EFTA01394776

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394777.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394777.pdf
----------------------------------------
GIOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Expected Glosing Date: 
June 2018 
El Fund Secondary 
StreGP-led Secondary 
K 
Single Anet Deal 
Seller type: 
Alternative funds 
Key investment data 
Transaction summary 
Invested Capital at dose 
E60-100m (US$80-120m) 
Number of companies 
Discount to NAV at close 
>5% 
Strategy 
Mid-market buyout 
Gross multiple at close 
1.1x 
Region 
Europe / UK 
0/0 funded at close 
80% 
Industries 
Business services / Healthcare services 
Use of leverage 
No 
Average age at purchase 
years 
Description 
- Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 mid-
market pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
- Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
- Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
- The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
- Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
- Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
- Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
- Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
Investment rationale 
- Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
- Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to contribute 
additional capita! to exploit market dislocations 
—':or disc-km.5km perposebrgy. The irra:eti-ned ~ed 
above I . s.rme 
m'rei there is no se-latsida-e Mal 
investinent wgi cemmliÅe or rorm part og si Lagra invested Fortie:4m 
that blbe, airaibibge pr. arte furthren 
due diligence, prove statabe for :3OF 
This. slide hauld be [end and meie-wc-d in conjunetion with the important Information and "Important Perfcgmance Inforrnabon' and • Notes to Investment Pedormance sectione. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100819 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247003 
EFTA01394777

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394778.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394778.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRiCTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100820 
SDNY_GM_00247004 
EFTA01394778

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394779.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394779.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF IV - Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
USS1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
English private fund limited partnership 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the SOF IV advisory committee) 
USS5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capital' for a period of 2 years after the Investment Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
≥-easte read the conlident-A private elexement memorandum of the Fin) tUte -MeinorarKkon") or the ail et-mei:were of risk factors. conflicts of iheetest. colt to terms, aril regulatory and tav considerations of the Fund. 
For lurther diahlosure of fees, such as lees and tN.%enses paid by the Fund. please refer to the Memorandum, the amended aryl restated limited partnership agreement and the deed of adherence oi 
rt F.
documents are in the process of being pripared and will be made available to prospectrz investors upon recrdest. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the remaining unhanded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such investments. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100821 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247005 
EFTA01394779

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394780.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394780.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF IV 
ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV 
 
 
 
 
 
Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
- 
Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
- 
LP favorable clawback provision 
- 
100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
- 
Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate commitments) 
Governance 
- 
Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
- 
Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of investment period 
- 
No Fault Divorce with 6634% vote of LPs 
- 
Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate limitations on investment concentration 
- 
Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
- 
Comprehensive financial reporting 
- 
GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
- 
General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
- 
Detailed due diligence provided 
LP M limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Aviv:it:titian The full guidelines can be lciurEl rat htlpftilps orgiprinciplesatersic-• 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100822 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247006 
EFTA01394780

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394781.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394781.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100823 
SDNY_GM_00247007 
EFTA01394781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394782.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIR210-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank: CDB Web 
Tech: General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
Based in London. Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's E6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with USS13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and co-
investments. Before Deutsche Bank. Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds: an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Glendower 
Capital 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank: Barters 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Garnbndge University. 
AC MA 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's 66 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology. Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank: Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Colgate University 
Based in New York. Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank. Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge Univer.4t•y 
Based in London. Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower. Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bark in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006. he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Barks E6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously. Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticesnp with Deutsche Bank. 
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100824 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247008 
EFTA01394782

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394783.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394783.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank. ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
ECorri. University of South 
Africa: CA ISA) 
Based in London. Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the arid and the business. 
Prior to Glendower. Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA. SA). 
Glendower 
 Capital 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank. Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital. CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
.":,. Tufts University 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower. Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bark where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then. Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital. a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe. Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS. Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse. Lafarge 
MSc. HEC Fans: ME tv.I. 
Hoiyiecluvc Univ. Qt 
Based in London. Emilio is responsible for the 
origination. valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe. 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that. Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid. Spain. 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gab & Co. 
University or Chicago 
:ictath: KA: ?Aiwa University 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co.irwestment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006. and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's E Ebillion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co.. 
an Italian merchant bane where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100825 
SONY_GM_00247009 
EFTA01394783

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394784.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394784.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Princi pal 
Deutsche Bank. Bank of 
America. Freddie Mac 
BOA. George Washington 
University. MBA Columbia 
Business School 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing. executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
Glendower 
• • * • •
Capital 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
Economics and 
V 
r :agement, Oxford 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower. Demo spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012. Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
fir 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
ifS Firunce. New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination. valuation. execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Baits Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stem 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pemsylvana's 
Wharton School of Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. Credit 
Suisse. Booz & Company 
'Telecom P 3(Si 
MBA Ciacago Booth School 
of Business 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments.
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senor Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100826 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY_GM_00247010 
EFTA01394784

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394785.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394785.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation. execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
vatting, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012. Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Glendower 
Capital 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank. HSBC 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital. Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit. where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in London. Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related ftrictions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing. 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015. having achieved first class 
honors. 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE. 
Deutsche Bank 
Based in New York. Doug sisworts the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group. and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing. executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance. having 
achieved University Honors. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100827 
SDNY_GM_00247011 
EFTA01394785

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394786.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394786.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
EfSo Civil Engineering & 
Management, Buckneli 
Untversity 
Based in New York, Rafael sipports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to pining Glendower Capital. Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acqtisitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
Industrial Management 
industrial Engineering. 
Nationale Supelietde 
Mines de Nancy.
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions. including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London. in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
Technology. Sweden, and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy. France. 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank. Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and Prliktiz, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team. first as financial controller and 
then as the Chef Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin — Madison. 
STR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President. Finance 
London Air Ambulance. 
Deutsche Bank. Grant Thornton 
Based in London. Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital. Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance. 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011.13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (Hone) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100828 
SONY_GM_00247012 
EFTA01394786

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394787.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394787.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF III — Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
20-Oct-2014 
Fund size 
US$1.65 billion 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
US$33 million 
Number of investors 
92' 
Investor region 
North 
Europe 
Asia 
America 
20% 
Pacific 
44% 
17% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Investor type 
Foundation 
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
SWF 
21% 
GP 
2% 
Size of individual commitments 
37% 
8% 
16% 
Pension
32% 
Family 
Office/HNVVI 
30% 
18% 
21% 
$25m 
$25-50m 
$50.100M 
$100•150m 
>$150m 
CI 
The number of inventors includes sill investors in WE III with comnutments over US.$2m The tote! number of investors, in:lidding time rivestirg though im wale wealth feeder furvls. is 47G 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100829 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247013 
EFTA01394787

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394788.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394788.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence H r sr .1 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capital'
Funded capital"
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies'
41554n) 
(USSm) 
closing 
Portfolio detail 
1- Porter 
Limited Process 
Muliple 
GP.Xxl Secondary 
144.9 
117.2 
O4 14 
1.9x 
US - root-market buyoul 
2- Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Ftancial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
36.8 
36.8 
O4 14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
3- Malcolm 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
109.4 
46.0 
O4 14 
1.0x 
RoW-buyout 
4- Costa 
Lirmted Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
12.9 
13.0 
O1 15 
1.0x 
Europe - buyoul 
5- Diamond 
Limited Process 
Allernatxe Funds 
Fund Secondary 
23.0 
9.7 
O2 15 
1.6x 
Global - diversified 
6- Mozart 
Proprietary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
25.5 
25.5 
O2 15 
0.8x 
Europe - growth equity 
7- Leibowitz 
Proprietary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
61.2 
65.7 
O3 15 
1.2x 
Europe - growth equity 
8- 
POSCOli 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Assel Deal 
27.5 
27.5 
O3 15 
0.0x 
Global - buyout 
9- Clegane 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.7 
14.7 
O3 15 
1.8x 
US 
mid-market buyout 
10- Sleinbeck II 
Limited Process 
Muliple 
Fund Secondary 
100.0 
49.0 
O3 15 
1.2x 
Global - diversditx1 
11- Winery 
Syndication 
Pension 
Fund Secondary 
65.3 
O4 15 
2,9x 
Global - real estate 
12- Neon 
Lirmled Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
7.2 
6.5 
O4 15 
1.2x 
Europe - real estate 
13- Gonzaga 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
14.3 
15.1 
O4 15 
1.0x 
Europe - nod-markel buyout 
14- Drive 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
17.6 
17.6 
O4 15 
2.6x 
RoW - buyout 
15- Flute 
Linxted Process 
SwF 
Fund Secondary 
1.294 
54.7 
13.9 
O4 15 
I.4x 
Global - buyout 
16- Iskar 
Proprietary 
Muurple 
GP-led Secondary 
34.6 
26.6 
O1 16 
2.3x 
Europe - real estate 
17- Bosch 
Limited Process 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
169 
86.6 
40.2 
O1 16 
1.5x 
Global 
drversdied 
18- Staccato 
Propnetary 
Muliple 
GP-led Secondary 
40.2 
26.0 
O2 16 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
19- Rose 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Asset Deal 
27.0 
26.7 
O2 16 
1.0x 
Europe - mid market buyout 
20- Janos 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Single Assel Deal 
29.9 
29.9 
O2 16 
1.2x 
US - mid-market buyout 
21- Aurum 
Proprietary 
Allernatoo Funds 
Single Asset Deal 
23.1 
22.9 
O3 16 
0.7x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
22- Laurel 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
101.6 
40.7 
O3 16 
2.1x 
Europe - diversified 
23- Toner I 8 II 
Linkted Process 
Muliple 
Fund Secondary 
41.8 
27.6 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - mod -market buyout 
24- Falco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
13.7 
7.1 
O3 16 
1.7x 
US - real estate 
25- Peak 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
Secondary 
79.0 
57.2 
O4 16 
1.2x 
Europe - mid-markel buyout 
26- Amy 
Proprietary 
Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
35.7 
15.0 
O4 16 
1.8x 
Global - drversified 
27- Chaucer 
Proprietary 
Fund Secondary 
154 9 
81.6 
O1 17 
1.0x 
Europe 
growth equity 
28- Wesloros 
Limited Process 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
239.7 
178.6 
O1 17 
1.2x 
US - mid-markol buyout 
29- Eddard 
Limited Process 
Alleinative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
51.3 
27.6 
O1 17 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market btryoul 
30- Sutherland 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
9.8 
O1 17 
1.ex 
Europe - mid-market buyoul 
31- Christophe 
Proprietary 
NA 
Fund Secondary 
44.2 
3.4 
O1 17 
0.9x 
Global - real estate 
32- Newton 
larryiled Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
968 
118.0 
4.4 
O2 17 
4.1x 
US -diversified 
33- Mitchell 
Proprietary 
Public lo Private 
Single Asset Deal 
32.0 
31.9 
O3 17 
1.0x 
Europe - buyout 
34- Gini 
Proprietary 
Family Office r HNW 
Single Asset Deal 
42.0 
27.4 
O3 17 
1.0x 
US - mid-market buyout 
35- Artemis 
Legated Process 
SWF 
Fund Secondary 
O3 17 
4 
10.5 
1.3x 
Eur 
- michmorker b 
SOF III Closed 
Total 
149 
2,837 
1,931.2 
1162.6 
1.4x 
VI/ Number of cicrettze*is are INV eNtrnate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purctiase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPIt for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(31 The pedormarrize figures have been calculated based on istlatetted fair VMUtfa and sl.torid be re 
and reviewed in colgtunctigft iivith the 'imwlant Lnaarmation' and linprtant Performance Mionnatice Sqir_ittUr 
performance is not a guerartee or indicator of future results. and there can be rio assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100830 
SONY_GM_00247014 
EFTA01394788

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394789.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394789.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
2011 
Fund size 
US$614m 
Gross invested capital 
668m 
Performance as of September 30. 2017 
Capital called 
509m 
Distributions. net 
592m 
1.16x 
Remaining NAV 
187m 
0.37x 
Total net return 
US$779m 
1.53x 
20% 
Asset geography 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
aul 
II 
Investment strategy 
4% 
4%
16% 
Vintage year 
5% 
6% 
20% 
12% 
54% 
• Large Buyout 
• Mid-Market Buyout 
GrovAh Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
19% 
• Pre 2005 
• 2005 - 2006 
2007 -2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
38% 
2014 -2015 
Sector composition 
lall. 
Industrials 
al
. Consumer 
Business Services 
Technology 
As at &Wernher ?O. 2017. Past perfortim-ase is not a guarantee :a indicator ri future results . and thew pan be no assutanca that the fund will achieve cornpteable tesults 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Infonnation• and 'Notes to truestment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
lall 
Healthcare 
1/1 
Financial Services 
Ill
Natural Resources 
Real Estate 
II
k 
Comnrunications & Media 
5%11 Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0100831 
SDNY_GM_00247015 
EFTA01394789

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394790.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394790.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence - 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller typo 
Deal type 
Funds 
Companies' 
Invested caplet?
(USEm) 
Funded capital/
(U5m) 
Intial 
closing 
Gross 
Peithric dub/ 
1- 
Monet 1, II 
Limited Process 
Pension 
Fund Secondary y Seigle Asset Deal 
46.8 
45.8 
11 
7x 
Europe - buyout 
2- 
Beethoven 
FroPricitary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
27.1 
26.9 
11 
1.6x 
Europe - growth equity 
3- 
Rembrandt 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.2 
2 
11 
3.0x 
Europe - late stage venture 
4- 
Giant 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.1 
11 
1.8x 
US - mezzanine 
5- 
Hemingway 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
16.4 
16.4 
11 
1.0x 
US - special situations 
6- 
M064316,1' I-V E RE 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
225 
38.4 
37.1 
12 
2.0x 
Global - diversifsed 
8- 
Hockney 
Limited Process 
Allematrve Funds 
Fund Secondary 
9.5 
8.1 
12 
1.5x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
9- 
Chagall 
Limited process 
Financial Ins-Notion 
Fund Secondary 
9.4 
sA 
0312 
It 
Europe -mezzanine 
10- Hopper 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
15.1 
14.1 
12 
br 
US - mid-market buyout 
11- 
Donatelb 
Proprietary 
Corporate 
Fund Secondary 
3.0 
3.0 
12 
1.1X 
US -mezzanine 
12- 
Pollock 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Family office 
Fund Secondary 
13.4 
13.1 
12 
2.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
13- 
Whitney 
Limited process 
Pension Fund 
Fund Secondary 
I 
64.0 
21.5 
12 
2.9x 
Europe - buyout 
IS- Constable 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
26.1 
24.3 
13 
1.2x 
Europe - buyout 
16- 
Cecconi 
Proprietary 
HNW/ Fent/ office 
Fund Secondary 
12.8 
11.0 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
17- 
Batkiy 
Proprietary 
Altornatrio Funds 
GRIed Secondary 
30.2 
30.5 
13 
2.4x 
Europe - growth equity 
18- 
Stembeck 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
971 
81.7 
13 
12x 
Global - diversified 
19- 
Guardi 
Limited process 
HNW/ Farruty office 
Fund Secondary 
140 
13.3 
11.8 
13 
1.8x 
Global - diversified 
21- 
Windmill I. II 
Proprietary 
Co. porato 
Single Asset Deal 
22.7 
20.5 
14 
0.7x 
Europe - grange equity 
23- 
Browning 
Limited Process 
HNW/ Falai,/ office 
Fund Secondary 
8.8 
7.1 
0114 
1.9x 
US - diversified 
24- 
lonesco 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Single Ansel Deal 
27.7 
25.8 
14 
2.8x 
Europe - buyout 
25- 
Zampieri 
Proprietary 
Caporal° 
Single Asset Deal 
238 
23.4 
14 
1,6x 
Europe - rod-market buyout 
26- Fitzgerald 
Syndication 
Corporate 
Single Asset Deal 
150 
15.0 
14 
1.4x 
US - buyoul 
28- 
Porter 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
GP-led Secondary 
74.7 
60.4 
14 
12x 
US - mid-market buyout 
29- 
Fitzgerald II 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Single Asset Deal 
100 
10.0 
14 
1.6x 
US - buyoul 
30- 
Abols 
Limited process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
11.8 
10.6 
14 
1.3x 
Europe - growth equity 
31- Laurel 
Limited process 
Financial Institution 
GP4ed Secondary 
452 
190 
Q316 
2.0x 
Europe - diversified 
SOF II 
Total 
737 
668.1 
551 7 
1.7s 
Numbei of compzeries are tiwist eVirnate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 'Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF I! is 1.5x. 
(31 The performance irguies ba-ie been ca!oulateci based on zeciudbed fair lattice. and shorid be read and resiev:ed in coroncticri Pldlt ti-4 'Important Information' and 'hop:mint Perbrmance 
.;., 
Presentation. 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100832 
SONY_GM_00247016 
EFTA01394790

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394791.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394791.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
2006 
Fund size 
US$565m 
Invested capital 
549m 
Capital called 
421m 
Distributions, net 
756m 
80x 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Europe 
90% 
North 
Amen ca 
10% 
20m 
005x 
US$775m 
84x 
22% 
Investment strategy 
6% 0% 
49% 
Vintage year 
46% 
2% 
I 
20°k 
33% 
45% 
• Large Buyout 
• Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
• Pre 2006 
• 2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV= Fair Market 'value 
Past perform-la rrt-e. is rcit a guarantee or €ndicstor of future resits. &id tee can be no assurance that the fund will achieve tomparattia revalts. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the 'Important Information' and 'Notes to Investment Performance' sections of this Presentation 
Sector composition 
21% 
10% 
5% 
Healthcare 
Industrials 
Business Services 
IT and Technology 
Financial Services 
El 
Other 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100833 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247017 
EFTA01394791

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394792.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394792.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI 
, d../erce 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Invested capdal:
Funded capon I' 
Initial 
Gross 
Project name 
Sourcing 
Seller type 
Deal type 
Funds 
COmpaniesi
(USSIrn 
fUSSIM 
CloSng 
, 
multiple 
Portfobo derail 
1- Leonardo 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
609 
205 3 
166.0 
07 
2.04 
US I Europe - dreersched 
2- Sprint 
Syndication 
Public to private 
Single Asset Deal 
36.0 
36.1 
07 
3.0x 
Europe - buyout 
3- Constellation 
Syndication 
Alternative Funds 
GP-ted Secondary 
16.5 
16.7 
07 
094 
US / Europe - grizeith equity 
4- Cram 
Syndication 
Financial Institution 
GP-led Secondary 
19.4 
21.6 
07 
1.74 
Europe - special situarans 
5. Freedom 
Syndic:srion 
Pension 
GP-kid Secondary 
15.0 
12.1 
08 
0.3x 
US - mid-market buyout 
6- Pigeon 
Limrted Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
22.8 
24.7 
(45 
1.34 
US - mid-market buyout 
7- Hoover I` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Office 
Fund Secondary 
104 
08 
94 
US / ASta 
drrersified 
8- Hewett( 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
0.1 
0.3 
09 
6.84 
US - mezzanine 
9- Amadeus I 
Limited Process 
Endowment 
Fund Secondary 
16.1 
16.2 
09 
2.4x 
Europa - buyout 
10- Hoover III' 
Limited Prece&s. 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
2.7 
2.6 
09 
0.84 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
11- Amadeus It 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
5.4 
5.5 
09 
3.34 
Europe - buyout 
12- Hoover IV` 
Limited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
a 
3.3 
2.6 
09 
2.2x 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
13- Hoover V1
Lorded Process 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
3.4 
3.5 
09 
1.74 
US -- mezzanine 
14/21- Bach 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
GP-led Secondary 
39.0 
32.3 
09 
2.0x 
Europe - venture capital 
15- Hoover VI' 
Lirnited Process 
Alternative Funds 
Fund Secondary 
4.8 
5.8 
Ot 10 
1.74 
US / Europe - md-market buyout 
16- Hoover vie 
Proprietary 
hiNVY/Family office 
Fund Secondary 
2.9 
2.8 
10 
3.44 
US - mid-market buyout 
17- Hoover VIII` 
Proprietary 
NNW/Family Mice 
Fund Secondary 
196 
0.5 
10 
2.8x 
US - mid-market buyout 
18- DaVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
103.3 
53.7 
10 
3.04 
US / Europe - diversified 
19- Imperial 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
152 
51.1 
294 
10 
94 
US / Europe - mezzanne 
20- Hoover IX.
Proprietary 
HNIN/Famity office 
Fund Secondary 
294 
0.8 
0.7 
10 
2.6x 
US Europe - diversified 
SOF 
Sub Total 
154 
1.774 
548.8 
433.3 
2.14 
18r. DeVinci 
Proprietary 
Financial Institution 
Fund Secondary 
193 
138.1 
67.2 
0310 
3.04 
US! Europe - diversified 
SOF ;mil SOF 0 
Total 
154 
1.774 
686 9 
SCO 5 
/ Nuinber of conic,: 
are ben evitreate 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Ste and is described as putt 16ne price pito unfunded obligateera Funded e.aprtal is the amount funded ri each Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPt) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively Coma:aril from FUR to UST using a rate of 1.1821 
13r) The performance figures are based on ',mt:ri
a
fted fair values and sresnd be read and reviewed rn conjunction with the -Important Information" and "Impmtarrt Performance iniormatetn- sections. Cuss returns are arose of 
lees, expernws and carried interest, which are not Oared at tlw ay:enem a level so pedormance is not expected to in represfaitative al ItiVeRlineft IStUrr-4 to inV6SEUIS. 
241(14.4ti const4t wtth ltwir red :13 ariei$9f6 
as to the appropriate `:actors to be considered in evaluating this intermation. Past performance s not a pediMion of future performance, but 0 a iftlirrsef to de.monstrae the trac record of the Glerciower SOF fea'n aced 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or tint any target results will be achieved. 
(43 Hoover tt:IrMaCtian'S represent the invesanents made by SOF via a s em. .6a1 purpose vehicle i-SFV) attracting iicidkional at—^,montiret, and administrative expenses The actual performance for the SPV rat:ay be lower than 
the performance of the indnridual uwestments because of the additional amounting and adMirirdratmir expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this SPV, Including the fees and expenses is 1.9x 
Glendower 
Capital 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
CR 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100834 
SONY_GM_00247018 
EFTA01394792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394793.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being made available tu you (the "Recipient') by Glendower Capital. LLP ("Glendower). which is authorized and regulated by the United ieriedum 
trinomial Conduct Authority, tor the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are inanaged or advised by Glendower, ineluding in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV. LP (the 'Fund') 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and documents as having been entered into which my not have occurred or been entered into at the date that this Presentation e 
made ava₹able but that Glendower expects will occur or be entered into thereafter 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell. nor a solicitation of an offer to buy, any security, and may not be used or retied upon in connection with any offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund. which contain additional information about the investment objective. terms and conddions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if made. may not be ielied upon. The offering documents will be fur nithed to melded investors on a confidential basis al their 
request. The Information contained in ibis Presentation will be superseded by, and Is qualified in its entirety by reference to. such offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid. as there is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund. €nvestments may be leveraged and the investment performance may be volatile. Before cletedina to invest in 
the Fund. prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and eepenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. investors should have the financial ability and wiffingness 
to accept the risk charactenstics of the Fund's investments 
Potential COnnICIS of interest may arise from the relationship between Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates (*Credit Suisse'). which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 976 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
prornuated thereunder ;'Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services. material. or information that Credit Suisse previies tea municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisee Rule ("Covered Patty') are provWed en an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary lo the Covered Party Covered Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before taking action with respect to any seivices, material. or 
inforrretion provided to them by Credit Suisse Credit Suisse also w€ net soiled a Covered Party for direct or indirect ceinwisalion on behaff of an unaffiliated investment &Mser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisoiy services lo or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and n0 responsibility Or liability is accepted by Glendower Cr its afliirates as to the accuracy or completeness of any iniermation supplier! herein. 
Unless otherwise stated. the infomnatien in this Presentation has not been audited or verified by an independent party, end should not be seen as eny representation or returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must he kept strictly confidential and may net he reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing. each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative. or other agent thereof) may disclose lo any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure. provided. however, that such disclosure shalt not include the name for other identifying infoimation not relevant to the lax structure or tax Ireatmentt of any person and shall not include 
Information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100835 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247019 
EFTA01394793

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394794.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394794.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLIDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative or future results and there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the returns generated by the Fund wit equal of 
esoeed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement ils investment shal'e0Ies. or achieve Is investment objectives 'The Funcis investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other investment fund or account managed or advised by 
ittlendower lias invested. 
Al€ statements of opinion and ; or belief contained in this Presentation and al views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to expectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are correct. that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors wilt receive a return of their capital. 
in addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, employees or agents for warding this Presentation (or any 
additional informations correcting any rnaccuracies in it or ;goading any addit'nal informatbn to you. Accordingly: to the fullest extent possible subject to applicable law. none of ii.endower or Os 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors. officers, partners. members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud} for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential): flonrage, cost or expense sari:re:ix incurred by any per son as a result of retying on any statement in, or on' scion tram, this Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements fokilucting, without timitation. projerftris of future earnings or value's results or valuations herein are based upon current assumptions. may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other events that. were not taken into account may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore. changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, iwinion or valuation hereon. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse While such information is believed to be reliable for the purposes used herein. neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such info! motion 
See the 'Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between Glendower or its affiliates and any investor 
Recipient; of this Presentation shall not treat this Presentadon as tar. 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to the Reopenl of this information and this inlormation should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons who came into possession of this Presentation are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe. any such restrictions 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of interests in the Fond or the adequacy of the information contained herein Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the high risks anti lack of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100836 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247020 
EFTA01394794

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394795.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394795.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal' means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors (and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment but no! including any OP-led Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the contest requires "Fund Secondary- means (a) an Interest held directly or Indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a fund of hinds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in clause raj shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
Investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 5014 of its aggregate commitments. and provkled that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause tbj shall be in hind structures that in the aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period that is easred (other than for follow-on investments) shall be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided. further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be an Early Stage Investment 
'GP-led Secondary' means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest but not inc€uding any Single Asset Dea€sj as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF means DB Secondary Opportunities RintiA. 
DS Secondary Opportunities Fund E. L.P. and 05 Secondary Oppodundies Fund C. L.P. 
"SC.P D" means OB Secondary Oppertunites Fund 0. L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Oppodundke. Fund vii, L.
"SOF ill" means Secondary Opportunities Fund ill. LP 
"SOF Funds,' 'SOF Program: or 'Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF. SOF D. SOF II and SOF 
"SOF Team" and 'Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index' The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock maiket index of the bottom 2.000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"Mel Wor€d index' The MSC' World index is a broad global equity bencifirnark that represents large and mid-cap equ€y performance across 23 developed mareets countries. it. covers approximately 
85% of the tree float-adjusted market capitalization in each country 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private equity buyout asset class by constricting a 
combination of sector portfolio returns These sector portfolios are designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investthg directly in private equity arms 
For other delinitioris please refer to the Memorandum. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100837 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247021 
EFTA01394795

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394796.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394796.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUSI40 Lawrence :arse' 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-ott from Deutsche Ban; and its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank', aii August 1.2017 and established Glendower Capital: LLP and its affiliates (together. Mika:ice:a; 
o:, 
independent private equity limn owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets The performance inferrnatkan and track record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date. including the time prior to the formation of Glendower. when the team were employees of Deutsche Bank In evaluating 
the track record. each Recipient shoo€! note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Bilicai and Charles Smith have been permanent voting members of the SOP Funds investment comnettees since inception: (it) Chi 
Cheung. Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception. they were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members since January 2013: (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have net joined Glendower were involved at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment perfonnance included herein is intended solely to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited ("DAAMIG)a) and provided to Glendower and relates to the SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers andior investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Ghbritiower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulatIthas. rules and guidelines. including, but not limited to, the investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular. Rule 204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)1. takes no responsibility for the use of such performance information try Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 2017. are unaualted and are illustrative only. As used herein and unless otherwise Indicated, 'Gross IRR" and Net 
IRR" shall mean an agar-agate. compound. annual, gross or net as applicable. internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash tenvs. Calculations are presented based on actual ;ash tows 
to and from limited partners All 'Rills are presented on a "gross' basis unless otherwise slated 
, they do not reflect the priority profit share, carried interest. taxes. transaction costs in connection 
wAh the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce rattans and, in the aggregate: are expected to be 
substantial} Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit share. carted interest, taxes. trarisakin costs and other fees and expenses Collier than taxes borne or to be borne by investors. 
Including as a result of an investor's domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR In respect of the SOF Funds Is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscrfptron line facilities. Returns Patel purchase price netting in all instances where subscription credit lines. payment deferrals: and permanent fund borrowing have been uttized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to dale. Distributions to Pald-in Capital CDPI"I represents aggregate distributions to Investor; in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital i*RVPIal represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held withal the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. net of the SOF Funds' carted interest. management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital ('TVPI"): TVPI =DPI 4- RVPI Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried interest. management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the relevant investment hind. My such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the ckctimstannes. the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors. future operating results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of disposition. any related transaction costs and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly. the actual rea€i:"ed returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets') presented herein are based on Glendowees views regarding the returns on investments that such funds may be able to achieve durinu their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being reviewed or have recently been reviewed. 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions and market fluctuation or recovery The Targets are also based on models. estimates: and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. €ndividual investments made by such funds rray have anticipated returns below or above the Targets The Targets are hypothetical and are neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the funds to fail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns. gross Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, 'carried 
interest,' takes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantal. 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR OILY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100838 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247022 
EFTA01394796

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394797.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394797.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence el''"' 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For' Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the -AIRAD"). the Fund will constitute an EU AiF (as defined in the AlickriD) whose AIFM (as defined in the AlFMD) is the 
Manager. tse€f an EU AlFki Except as provided below in 'aspect of the specific mentor states listed, this Presentation and any other 
u::ants or mater a< r
e.ted to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase. of the interests in the Fund, shall only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are 'professional investors'. For these purposes. a 'professional investor' is a person who is considered to be a professional cent or who may. on request• be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Aimee II to Directive 2004a39rEC. 
AIF MD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a 'Member State') which has implemented the Alternative Inverament Fund Managers Directive (Directive (2011;61/EU)) (the lAIERID'a (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be distnbtrted and interests in the Fund may only he offered or placed In a Member State to the e ent that: (I) 
the Fund is perrnitt61 to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD os implemented into the local Law/regulation of the relevant. Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise he lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may otherwise be awlirlly offered or placers in that Member Slate (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this presentation. has not implemented Aff-MD. this presentation may only be distributed arid interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes investment legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances. or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or will be profitable. There is no ouarantee concerning the achievement of investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference lo past performance is not indicative of future results anti is no guarantee to future results This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients el Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth 1 Uhe `Act) and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (11) (respectively) of the Act In respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 61) or Pail 7.a of the Act It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or fnancial product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation Is not required to. and does not. contain all the information which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor G it required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Tne funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia. Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. are not authorized depositetakina institutions kir the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG. Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the et:ligation of such Credit Suisse entities or the 'kinds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No offer to the public to purchase the Funds interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to. or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not and under no circumstances is to be construed as. a prospectus. an advertisement. a public 
offering. an otter to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein.
Glendower 
Capital 
S•F'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100839 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247023 
EFTA01394797

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394798.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394798.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0USUC cht:rerce 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to. licensee et petmeted by Autoriti Menetan Brunei Derussalam. Nor has it been registered with the Registrar of Companies. tins 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the pub€ic As such. it nest not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be re€ed upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 20 of the Brunei Securities Market Order. 2013 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended tor persons in Canada who qualify to be a *pernetted client' within the meaning National Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Beemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the intemaation contained herein references securities of an suer incorporated. termed or created under the bies of Canada or a 
province or temerity of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invastion may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests 
For persons in Chile. All or song of the offered securities may have not been reapsterc-d with the Supenntendentea de Valores y Seguros ("SYS') pursuant to law no 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities nor registered with the Sertil may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of. or an invitation to subscribe for or purthase. the securities in the Republic of Chike other than to rndivdua€y identified investors pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article a of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an otter that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public'). For additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities. please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer tor, or sale of. any interest or investment will be made to the public in the Peeples Republic of China ePRCte. or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the taws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to individuals resthant in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRO government approvals. It is the investors responsibility to ensure that it has obtained afi necessary PRO government approvals to purchase any interest. participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory or' investment management services. 
For persons In Colombia, This marketing material does not constitute a public offer in the Republic of Colombia It is being distributed under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the Management Company/issues have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia Potential Colombian investors should make their own decision whether this financial product meets thew investment objectives and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make ils own Inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers. Including the merits and risks involved. and as to leoal. tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colointann residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of !breath financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. Accordingly. the products may on
be thenbled to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2565 of 2010 and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regu€ations. 
For persons in France. The Presentation can only be cerrentmeatee to etiaileid thresters within the meaning of the article 0411 1 of the Monetary Financial Code (Code Mcinelaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterpadies 
For persons in Guernsey. This Piesentation has not been approved or authenzed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is Intended to constitute financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests Is 
tieing made in Nadi and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Haft 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100840 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247024 
EFTA01394798

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394799.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394799.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence -in -c 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any interest and/or investment referred to in this Preserearion has not been approved by the Securities am: nutures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly fee any Interests or see:unties may not be offered or sold and have net been offered or sold in Hong Kong. by means et any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors- as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made tinder that Ordinance, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a -prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap 622) of Hong )tong or which do not constitute an offer to the public attain the meaning of that Ordinance, and ib) no 
person has issued or had In its possession for the purposes of issue. and will not issue or have rri IM possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or etewtiere. any advertisement. 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which ks directed at. or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or read by. the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than With respect to any interests or securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 'professional 
investors- within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel Securities Authority arid will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute 'an offer to the 
public' under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law. 572s-1968 ("the Securities Law-I or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law. 5756-1994 (-the joint Investment Trusts Law"). as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products') are being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum (*the Addendum-) to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds. provident hinds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Prothicts For themselves or for clients who are Sophistieated Investors). portfolio managers (purchasing Products for theme-elves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for themselves). members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters ;purchasing Products for themselves). venture capital tends engaging mainly in the capita€ market, an entity wthich is wholly-owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations. (other than fanned for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer). with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 million. and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 0 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account. in respect of which at least one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Adviee Lowland securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid .Assets') exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £.1.3 million), their level of income over each of the preceding two years exceeds MS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), or the level of income of their -family unit' exceeds 
NIS 1 8 million (approximately E300,121>0); or the aggregate Value of all their Lurid Assets exceeds NIS 5 mil on (appreximately £t330,C00) and their level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100.000). or the level of income of their 'family unit' exceeds NIS 000,000 (approximately £150.000), each as defined in the said Addendum. as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated investors. and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto: in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or ether exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines. 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Present stion may nol be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor be furnished to any olher person other than those to whom copies have been sent Any &three who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the am Of intention of distributno or offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue ofd being a banking corporation. portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange. as defined in the Addendum, where such offers* is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be consWered investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of investment 
Counselling. Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law. 5755-1905. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its own account or where applicable. for other Sophisticated 
Investors 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell Or se`: r:dation of an offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to Or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or other Jurisdiction in which such otter or solicitation would be unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or solicireee; -F 
not qualified to do so, or to a persen or persons to whom it is unlawful to make such otter or soliceatice. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100841 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247025 
EFTA01394799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394800.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence "CS'' 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For persons in Japan. The information in aviation to any interest and( or investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4. Paragraph 1 of the Financial instruillunts amid 
Exchange Law of jape', clew no. 25 of 1948. as amended) (the 'NEL') and. accordingly. any interest and/or investment in them may not be offered or sold. dimealy or indirectly, in Japan cc to. or for 
the benefit. at any Japanese person or to others tor re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly. in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applthanle laws. regulations and guidelines proimagated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant tine. Fee this purpose. 'Japanese fmrson" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity orgenzed tinder the laws of Japan. 
In Japan. this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) Limited ("CSA:), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General of (Canto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No 66) 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, japan investment Advisers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis and made upon your request This document does not consent*. and should not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invilatbn to subscribe for or purchase any securities as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined in the Conthanies Act 1rei5f to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United Mexican States ("Mexico') by a Foreign Fthancial instittaion (Institution Financiera dad Exterior) not sub cot to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Secunties Commission (Comisien Nacional Bancana y de Valores) (the' CNItArt 'The securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Rogistro niacional de Valoresj (the 'Rtee') or in the International Quotation System (Sterna Internee:Rani de Cotizacthnes) (the 'SIC") of the Mexican Stock Exchange (Botha Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, its issuance. altering, distribution and listing are not subject la the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law The securities shall not be sub* I to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the MeV or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor variaah has such knowledge and experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating the risks arid merits of an ewestment in the Fund 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed by the -Autorite de Contrale Prudentiee and fully licensed portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n" 1.144 
of Jula 26, 1991 and Lave 1.2.33 of September 7, 2007. duly licensed by the "Comnession de Controle des Antivites Finannieres. Such regu€ated intermediaries may in turn commininate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an Investment business" or "government agency' 
within the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule I of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The informatkin contained in this Presentation nether constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Omen as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4174) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80;913). nor does it constitute an offer to sell. or the solicitation of any offer to buy Mon-Omani 
securities in the Sultanare of Oman as contemplated by Article 1M) of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law [issued by Decision No.1(2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman 
Glendower 
Capital 
SIR Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100842 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247026 
EFTA01394800

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394801.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394801.pdf
----------------------------------------
GL0US140 Lawrence Hir 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent investiaation of the risks iiivolvee ii an 
investment 
in such interests The promotional dociimentation does not constitute en otter to the public and is for the use on of the named addressee and should not be griren or shown to any other 
parson (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressees consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the Slate of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to aientiower 
For persona in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia eecept to such persons as are permitted under the Otters of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA-). 
The CMA does riot make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of Ihis Document. and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from. or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests offered Hereby should conduct their own due clihgence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. IF you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined in the Securities and Futures Act Chapter 28 of Singapore ("SEA') and has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SEA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred to in this Presentation . You should conskier carefully vmether the investment is suitable for you. The product named m ths 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAST) and none of its interests f shares units shall be allowed to be offered to retail pubfic in Singapore. 
This Presentation rray be distributed only (ft to persons who are Institutional investors- under section 304 of the SEA 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the relevant products. The delivery of ttas Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product. the fund will fiisl be 
registered with the Financial Serves Commission in Korea and a locally licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee web regard to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any kat/fitly for lones that might arise from 
making use of the information. It nothing is indk.aled to the contrary. all tones are unaudited The information provided herein is fur the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
motel investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e.. are not listed on a stock exchange) Private equity investments are generally illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment Private 
equity investments, includine the investment oppolunity described herein, may inceide the following additional risks fit loss of all or a substantial poftn of the inveshr's investment, 
investment 
itranaciers may have Incentives to make investments that are riskier or more speculabve due to performance-based compensation. (iii) lack of liquidity as there nray be no secondary market. (iv) 
volatility of returns, rv) restrictions on transfer. (vi) potential lack of teversificat-on, (vii) high tees and expenses. (vhf) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays rn distributina immtent tax inlormalion to investors 
The representative of the Fund in. Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA. 6 Cours de Rive. CH-1204 Geneva (the *Representative"). The offering documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of cuarge from the Representative The place of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the revion of Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Swilzedand shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in SwiCerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de file. CH-1207 Geneva. Switzerland (the Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission wilt be charged by the Paying Agent It a subecrOtion or redemption is made through the Paying Agent. instructions and money !vest be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropnate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'I'R Om), CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100843 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247027 
EFTA01394801

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394802.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394802.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence HI's"' 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St nitis and ficivis. This Presentation has not been reviewed by the Securities COMMissiun or ise 
Financial Services Regidetiny Commission in St Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any regulatory authority in St Kitts and Nevis. Each investor shoulri consult his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal. tas or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund 'There is risk involved in investing, with the ultimate risk being Me loss of the investor's entire 
investment 
For persons in ISAEinkbu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation. and the information contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute. a public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordirigN should riot be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests and (b) upon their specific request The interests in the Fund have nc been approved by or licensed or 
registered tsith the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees. agents, or consultants rn connection with the addressee's considelation thereoh No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower.
For persons in the United States of America. In making an Investment decision prospective must rely on their own exanintilion of the issuer and the terms of the offering. including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securites commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. or any state or other securities taws or the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated The 
interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4/.2) and Regulation 0 thereof and any applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable Securities lawS at the states and other 
jurisdictions where the offering wilt be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be trans-tented or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state securities lots, pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an investment company under 
the investment Company Act Consequently. Investors will not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There wifi be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part •of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower 
Capital 
S'F•R CRY CONFIDENTIAL 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRI M. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100844 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247028 
EFTA01394802

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394803.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394803.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund described in this presentation material or its affiliates through arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100845 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247029 
EFTA01394803

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394804.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394804.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the "Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
• 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax identification 
number; 
• 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of name; 
• 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's license; 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
• 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
• 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
• 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE *** 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100846 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247030 
EFTA01394804

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394805.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394805.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund:  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K 
The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K 
In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K 
The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature: 
Title (if applicable):  
Date: 
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Conlidenbal 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100847 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247031 
EFTA01394805

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394806.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394806.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLOUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 100848 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00247032 
EFTA01394806

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394807.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394807.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement') may only be distributed in conjunction with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the 'Memorandum') relating to the offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests') in Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (US), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and the Memorandum. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100849 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247033 
EFTA01394807

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394808.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394808.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the -Supplement') is intended to modify and update the Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund') with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel thirds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary• Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the "Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds'). Notwithstanding anything contained herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority. without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that arc provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, however, that no Investor (and no 
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in a violation of any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent and the compensation and fees related thereto. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100850 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00247034 
EFTA01394808

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394809.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394809.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Chances to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the -DRS! Placement Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement (including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
(ii.) 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
b. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
c. 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
(iii.) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of any 
Management Fccs collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's allocable 
sham of Invested Capital. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100851 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00247035 
EFTA01394809

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394810.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394810.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee (the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ 
Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100852 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247038 
EFTA01394810

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394811.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394811.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS140 Lawrence Hirsch 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
ofCertnin Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders against DBSI. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0100854 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247038 
EFTA01394811

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394812.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394812.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
page 2 
By signing the filled-out form, you: 
1. Certify that the TIN you are giving is correct (or you are waiting for a 
number to be issued), 
2. Certify that you are not subject to backup withholding, or 
3. Claim exemption from backup withholding if you are a U.S. exempt 
payee. If applicable, you are also certifying that as a U.S. person, your 
allocable share of any partnership income from a U.S. trade or business 
is not subject to the withholding tax on foreign partners' share of 
effectively connected Income, and 
4. Certify that FATCA code(s) entered on this form (if any) indicating 
that you are exempt from the FATCA reporting, is correct. See What is 
FATCA reporting, later, for further Information. 
Note: If you are a U.S. person and a requester gives you a form other 
than Form W-9 to request your TIN, you must use the requester's form if 
it is substantially similar to this Form W-9. 
Definition of a U.S. person. For federal tax purposes, you are 
considered a U.S. person if you are: 
• An individual who is a U.S. citizen or U.S. resident alien; 
• A partnership, corporation, company, or association created or 
organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States; 
• An estate (other than a foreign estate); or 
• A domestic trust (as defined in Regulations section 301.7701-7). 
Special rules for partnerships. Partnerships that conduct a trade or 
business in the United States are generally required to pay a withholding 
tax under section 1446 on any foreign partners' share of effectively 
connected taxable income from such business. Further, in certain cases 
where a Form W-9 has not been received, the rules under section 1446 
require a partnership to presume that a partner is a foreign person, and 
pay the section 1446 withholding tax. Therefore, if you are a U.S. person 
that is a partner in a partnership conducting a trade or business in the 
United States, provide Form W-9 to the partnership to establish your 
U.S. status and avoid section 1446 withholding on your share of 
partnership income. 
In the cases below, the following person must give Form W-9 to the 
partnership for purposes of establishing its U.S. status and avoiding 
withholding on its allocable share of net income from the partnership 
conducting a trade or business in the United States. 
• In the case of a disregarded entity with a U.S. owner, the U.S. owner 
of the disregarded entity and not the entity; 
• In the case of a grantor trust with a U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner. 
generally, the U.S. grantor or other U.S. owner of the grantor trust and 
not the trust; and 
• In the case of a U.S. trust (other than a grantor trust). the U.S. trust 
(other than a grantor trust) and not the beneficiaries of the trust. 
Foreign person. If you are a foreign person or the U.S. branch of a 
foreign bank that has elected to be treated as a U.S. person, do not use 
Form W-9. Instead. use the appropriate Form W-8 or Form 8233 (see 
Pub. 515, Withholding of Tax on Nonresident Aliens and Foreign 
Entities). 
Nonresident alien who becomes a resident alien. Generally, only a 
nonresident alien individual may use the terms of a tax treaty to reduce 
or eliminate U.S. tax on certain types of income. However, most tax 
treaties contain a provision known as a "saving clause." Exceptions 
specified in the saving clause may permit an exemption from tax to 
continue for certain types of income even after the payee has otherwise 
become a U.S. resident alien for tax purposes. 
If you are a U.S. resident alien who is relying on an exception 
contained in the saving clause of a tax treaty to claim an exemption 
from U.S. tax on certain types of income, you must attach a statement 
to Form W-9 that specifies the following five items. 
1. The treaty country. Generally, this must be the same treaty under 
which you claimed exemption from tax as a nonresident alien. 
2. The treaty article addressing the income. 
3. The article number (or location) in the tax treaty that contains the 
saving clause and its exceptions. 
4. The type and amount of income that qualifies for the exemption 
from tax. 
5. Sufficient facts to justify the exemption from tax under the terms of 
the treaty article. 
Example. Article 20 of the U.S.-China income tax treaty allows an 
exemption from tax for scholarship income received by a Chinese 
student temporarily present in the United States. Under U.S. law, this 
student will become a resident alien for tax purposes if his or her stay in 
the United States exceeds 5 calendar years. However, paragraph 2 of 
the first Protocol to the U.S.-China treaty (dated April 30, 1984) allows 
the provisions of Article 20 to continue to apply even after the Chinese 
student becomes a resident alien of the United States. A Chinese 
student who qualifies for this exception (under paragraph 2 of the first 
protocol) and is relying on this exception to claim an exemption from tax 
on his or her scholarship or fellowship income would attach to Form 
W-9 a statement that includes the information described above to 
support that exemption. 
If you are a nonresident alien or a foreign entity, give the requester the 
appropriate completed Form W-8 or Form 8233. 
Backup Withholding 
What is backup withholding? Persons making certain payments to you 
must under certain conditions withhold and pay to the IRS 28% of such 
payments. This is called "backup withholding." Payments that may be 
subject to backup withholding include interest, tax-exempt interest, 
dividends, broker and barter exchange transactions, rents, royalties, 
nonemployee pay, payments made in settlement of payment card and 
third party network transactions, and certain payments from fishing boat 
operators. Real estate transactions are not subject to backup 
withholding. 
You will not be subject to backup withholding on payments you 
receive if you give the requester your correct TIN, make the proper 
certifications, and report all your taxable interest and dividends on your 
tax retum. 
Payments you receive will be subject to backup withholding if: 
1. You do not furnish your TIN to the requester, 
2. You do not certify your TIN when required (see the instructions for 
Part II for details), 
3. The IRS tells the requester that you furnished an incorrect TIN, 
4. The IRS tells you that you are subject to backup withholding 
because you did not report all your interest and dividends on your tax 
return (for reportable interest and dividends only), or 
5. You do not certify to the requester that you are not subject to 
backup withholding under 4 above (for reportable interest and dividend 
accounts opened after 1983 only). 
Certain payees and payments are exempt from backup withholding. 
See Exempt payee code, later, and the separate Instructions for the 
Requester of Form W-9 for more information. 
Also see Special rules for partnerships, earlier. 
What is FATCA Reporting? 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) requires a 
participating foreign financial institution to report all United States 
account holders that are specified United States persons. Certain 
payees are exempt from FATCA reporting. See Exemption from FATCA 
reporting code, later, and the Instructions for the Requester of Form 
W-9 for more information. 
Updating Your Information 
You must provide updated information to any person to whom you 
claimed to be an exempt payee if you are no longer an exempt payee 
and anticipate receiving reportable payments in the future from this 
person. For example. you may need to provide updated information if 
you are a C corporation that elects to be an S corporation, or if you no 
longer are tax exempt. In addition, you must furnish a new Form W-9 if 
the name or TIN changes for the account; for example, if the grantor of a 
grantor trust dies. 
Penalties 
Failure to furnish TIN. If you fail to furnish your correct TIN to a 
requester, you are subject to a penalty of $50 for each such failure 
unless your failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect. 
Civil penalty for false information with respect to withholding. II you 
make a false statement with no reasonable basis that results in no 
backup withholding, you are subject to a 3500 penalty. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247040 
DB-SDNY-0100856 
EFTA01394812

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394813.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394813.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Criminal penalty for falsifying information. Willfully falsifying 
certifications or affirmations may subject you to criminal penalties 
including fines and/or imprisonment. 
Misuse of TINs. If the requester discloses or uses TINs in violation of 
federal law, the requester may be subject to civil and criminal penalties. 
Specific Instructions 
Line 1 
You must enter one of the following on this line; do not leave this line 
blank. The name should match the name on your tax retum. 
If this Form W-9 is for a joint account (other than an account 
maintained by a foreign financial institution (FFI)), list first, and then 
circle, the name of the person or entity whose number you entered in 
Part I of Form W-9. If you are providing Form W-9 to an FFI to document 
a joint account, each holder of the account that is a U.S. person must 
provide a Form W-9. 
a. Individual. Generally, enter the name shown on your tax return. If 
you have changed your last name without informing the Social Security 
Administration (SSA) of the name change, enter your first name, the last 
name as shown on your social security card, and your new last name. 
Note: MN applicant: Enter your individual name as it was entered on 
your Form W-7 application, line la. This should also be the same as the 
name you entered on the Form 1040/1040A/1040EZ you filed with your 
application. 
b. Sole proprietor or single-member LLC. Enter your individual 
name as shown on your 1040/1040A/1040EZ on line 1. You may enter 
your business, trade, or "doing business as" (DBA) name on line 2. 
c. Partnership, LLC that is not a single-member LLC, C 
corporation, or S corporation. Enter the entity's name as shown on the 
entity's tax return on line 1 and any business, trade, or DBA name on 
tine 2. 
d. Other entitles. Enter your name as shown on required U.S. federal 
tax documents on line 1. This name should match the name shown on the 
charter or other legal document creating the entity. You may enter any 
business, trade, or DBA name on line 2. 
e. Disregarded entity. For U.S. federal tax purposes, an entity that is 
disregarded as an entity separate from its owner is treated as a 
"disregarded entity." See Regulations section 301.7701.2(c)(2)(ii). Enter 
the owner's name on line 1. The name of the entity entered on line 1 
should never be a disregarded entity. The name on line 1 should be the 
name shown on the income tax retum on which the Income should be 
reported. For example, if a foreign 11C that Is treated as a disregarded 
entity for U.S. federal tax purposes has a single owner that is a U.S. 
person, the U.S. owners name is required to be provided on line 1. II 
the direct owner of the entity is also a disregarded entity. enter the first 
owner that is not disregarded for federal tax purposes. Enter the 
disregarded entity's name on line 2. "Business name/disregarded entity 
name." If the owner of the disregarded entity is a foreign person, the 
owner must complete an appropriate Form W-8 instead of a Form W-9. 
This is the case even if the foreign person has a U.S. TIN. 
Line 2 
If you have a business name, trade name, DBA name, or disregarded 
entity name. you may enter it on line 2. 
Line 3 
Check the appropriate box on line 3 for the U.S. federal tax 
classification of the person whose name is entered on line 1. Check only 
one box on line 3. 
IF the entity/person on line 1 is 
a(n) ... 
THEN check the box for. . . 
• Corporation 
Corporation 
• Individual 
• Sole proprietorship, or 
• Single-member limited liability 
company (LLC) owned by an 
individual and disregarded for U.S. 
federal tax purposes. 
Individual/sole proprietor or single-
member 11C 
• LLC treated as a partnership for 
U.S. federal tax purposes, 
• LLC that has filed Form 8832 or 
2553 to be taxed as a corporation, 
or 
• LLC that is disregarded as an 
entity separate from its owner but 
the owner is another LLC that is 
not disregarded for U.S. federal tax 
purposes. 
Limited liability company and enter 
the appropriate tax classification. 
(P• Partnership; Ce C corporation: 
or S• S corporation) 
• Partnership 
Partnership 
• Trust/estate 
TrusVestate 
Line 4, Exemptions 
If you are exempt from backup withholding and/or FATCA reporting, 
enter in the appropriate space on line 4 any code(s) that may apply to 
Wu-
Exempt payee code. 
• Generally, individuals (including sole proprietors) are not exempt from 
backup withholding. 
• Except as provided below, corporations are exempt from backup 
withholding for certain payments, including interest and dividends. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding for payments 
made in settlement of payment card or third party network transactions. 
• Corporations are not exempt from backup withholding with respect to 
attorneys' fees or gross proceeds paid to attorneys, and corporations 
that provide medical or health care services are not exempt with respect 
to payments reportable on Form 1099-MISC. 
The following codes identify payees that are exempt from backup 
withholding. Enter the appropriate code in the space in line 4. 
1—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a). any IRA. or 
a custodial account under section 403(1)(7) if the account satisfies the 
requirements of section 401(0(2) 
2—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
3—A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
4—A foreign government or any of its political subdivisions, agencies. 
or instrumentalities 
5—A corporation 
6—A dealer in securities or commodities required to register in the 
United States, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession 
7—A futures commission merchant registered with the Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission 
8—A real estate investment trust 
9—An entity registered at all times during the tax year under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
10—A common trust fund operated by a bank under section 584(a) 
11—A financial institution 
12—A middleman known in the investment community as a nominee or 
custodian 
13—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247041 
DB-SDNY-0100857 
EFTA01394813

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394814.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394814.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 4 
The following chart shows types of payments that may be exempt 
from backup withholding. The chart applies to the exempt payees listed 
above, 1 through 13. 
IF the payment is for ... 
THEN the payment is exempt 
for... 
Interest and dividend payments 
All exempt payees except 
for 7 
Broker transactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 and 6 
through 11 and all C corporations. 
S corporations must not enter an 
exempt payee code because they 
are exempt only for sales of 
noncovered securities acquired 
prior to 2012. 
Barter exchange transactions and 
patronage dividends 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
Payments over $600 required to be 
reported and direct sales over 
55,000" 
Generally, exempt payees 
through 5' 
Payments made in settlement of 
payment card or third party network 
Uansactions 
Exempt payees 1 through 4 
I See Form 1099-MISC, Miscellaneous Income, and its instructions. 
However, the following payments made to a corporation and 
reportable on Form 1099-MISC are not exempt from backup 
withholding: medical and health care payments, attorneys' fees, gross 
proceeds paid to an attorney reportable under section 604501 and 
payments for services paid by a federal executive agency. 
Exemption from FATCA reporting code. The following codes identify 
payees that are exempt from reporting under FATCA. These codes 
apply to persons submitting this form for accounts maintained outside 
of the United States by certain foreign financial institutions. Therefore, if 
you are only submitting this form for an account you hold in the United 
States, you may leave this field blank. Consult with the person 
requesting this form if you are uncertain if the financial institution is 
subject to these requirements. A requester may indicate that a code is 
not required by providing you with a Form W-9 with "Not Applicable" (or 
any similar indication) written or printed on the line for a FATCA 
exemption code. 
A—An organization exempt from tax under section 501(a) or any 
individual retirement plan as defined in section 7701(aX37) 
B—The United States or any of its agencies or instrumentalities 
C —A state, the District of Columbia, a U.S. commonwealth or 
possession, or any of their political subdivisions or instrumentalities 
D —A corporation the stock of which is regularly traded on one or 
more established securities markets, as described in Regulations 
section 1.1472-1(cX1)(1) 
E—A corporation that is a member of the same expanded affiliated 
group as a corporation described in Regulations section 1.1472-1(c)(1)(i) 
F —A dealer in securities, commodities, or derivative financial 
instruments (including notional principal contracts, futures, forwards, 
and options) that is registered as such under the laws of the United 
States or any state 
G—A real estate investment trust 
H —A regulated investment company as defined in section 851 or an 
entity registered at all times during the tax year under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940 
I—A common trust fund as defined in section 584(a) 
J —A bank as defined in section 581 
K —A broker 
L—A trust exempt from tax under section 664 or described in section 
4947(a)(1) 
M —A tax exempt trust under a section 403(b) plan or section 457(g) 
plan 
Note: You may wish to consult with the financial institution requesting 
this form to determine whether the FATCA code and/or exempt payee 
code should be completed. 
Line 5 
Enter your address (number. street. and apartment or suite number). 
This is where the requester of this Form W-9 will mail your information 
returns. If this address differs from the one the requester already has on 
file, write NEW at the top. If a new address is provided, there is still a 
chance the old address will be used until the payor changes your 
address in their records. 
Line 6 
Enter your city, state, and ZIP code. 
Part I. Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) 
Enter your TIN in the appropriate box. If you are a resident alien and 
you do not have and are not eligible to get an SSN. your TIN is your IRS 
individual taxpayer identification number (ITIN). Enter it in the social 
security number box. If you do not have an ITIN. see How to get a TIN 
below. 
If you are a sole proprietor and you have an EIN, you may enter either 
your SSN or EIN. 
If you are a single-member LLC that is disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner, enter the owner's SSN (or EIN, if the owner has 
one). Do not enter the disregarded entity's EIN. If the LLC is classified as 
a corporation or partnership, enter the entity's EIN. 
Note: See What Name and Number To Give the Requester, later, for 
further clarification of name and TIN combinations. 
How to get a TIN. If you do not have a TIN, apply for one immediately. 
To apply for an SSN, get Form SS-5, Application for a Social Security 
Card, from your local SSA office or get this form online at 
nww.SSA.gov. You may also get this form by calling 1-800-772-1213. 
Use Form W-7. Application for IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification 
Number, to apply for an ITIN, or Form SS-4, Application for Employer 
Identification Number, to apply for an EIN. You can apply for an EIN 
online by accessing the IRS website at www.irs.gov/Businesses and 
clicking on Employer Identification Number (EIN) under Starting a 
Business. Go to wvnv.irs.gov/Forms to view, download, or print Form 
W-7 and/or Form SS-4. Or. you can go to www.irs.gov/OrderForms to 
place an order and have Form W-7 and/or SS-4 mailed to you within 10 
business days. 
If you are asked to complete Form W-9 but do not have a TIN, apply 
for a TIN and write "Applied For" in the space for the TIN, sign and date 
the form, and give it to the requester. For interest and dividend 
payments, and certain payments made with respect to readily tradable 
instruments, generally you will have 60 days to get a TIN and give it to 
the requester before you are subject to backup withholding on 
payments. The 60-day rule does not apply to other types of payments. 
You will be subject to backup withholding on all such payments until 
you provide your TIN to the requester. 
Note: Entering "Applied For" means that you have already applied for a 
TIN or that you intend to apply for one soon. 
Caution: A disregarded U.S. entity that has a foreign owner must use 
the appropriate Form W-8. 
Part II. Certification 
To establish to the withholding agent that you are a U.S. person, or 
resident alien, sign Form W-9. You may be requested to sign by the 
withholding agent even if item 1, 4, or 5 below indicates otherwise. 
For a joint account, only the person whose TIN is shown in Part I 
should sign (when required). In the case of a disregarded entity, the 
person identified on line 1 must sign. Exempt payees, see Exerrpt payee 
code, earlier. 
Signature requirements. Complete the certification as indicated in 
items 1 through 5 below. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247042 
DB-SDNY-0100858 
EFTA01394814

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394815.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394815.pdf
----------------------------------------
Form W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 5 
1. Interest, dividend, and barter exchange accounts opened 
before 1984 and broker accounts considered active during 1983. 
You must give your correct TIN, but you do not have to sign the 
certification. 
2. Interest, dividend, broker, and barter exchange accounts 
opened atter 1983 and broker accounts considered inactive during 
1983. You must sign the certification or backup withholding will apply. If 
you are subject to backup withholding and you are merely providing 
your correct TIN to the requester, you must cross out item 2 in the 
certification before signing the form. 
3. Real estate transactions. You must sign the certification. You may 
cross out item 2 of the certification. 
4. Other payments. You must give your correct TIN. but you do not 
have to sign the certification unless you have been notified that you 
have previously given an incorrect TIN. "Other payments" include 
payments made in the course of the requester's trade or business for 
rents. royalties, goods (other than bills for merchandise), medical and 
health care services (including payments to corporations), payments to 
a nonemployee for services, payments made in settlement of payment 
card and third party network transactions, payments to certain fishing 
boat crew members and fishermen, and gross proceeds pad to 
attorneys (including payments to corporations). 
5. Mortgage interest paid by you, acquisition or abandonment of 
secured property, cancellation of debt, qualified tuition program 
payments (under section 529), ABLE accounts (under section 529A), 
IRA, Coverdell ESA, Archer MSA or HSA contributions or 
distributions, and pension distributions. You must give your correct 
TIN, but you do not have to sign the certification. 
What Name and Number To Give the Requester 
For this type of account: 
Give name and SSN of: 
1. Indrodual 
2. Two or more individuals (joint 
account) other than an account 
maintained by an FF1 
3. Two or more U.S. persons 
(joint account maintained by an FFQ 
4. Custodial account of a manor 
(Uniform Gift to Minors Act) 
5. a. The usual revocable savings trust 
(grantor is also trustee) 
b. So-caned trust account that is not 
a legal or valid trust under slate law 
6. Sole proprietorship or disregarded 
entity owned by an individual 
7. Grantor trust filing under Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 1 (see 
Regulations section 1.671.4(bX2Ni) 
The individual 
The actual owner of the account or, if 
combined funds, the first individual on 
the account' 
Each holder of the account 
The minor' 
The grantor-trustee 
The actual owner' 
The owner 
The grantor' 
For this type of account: 
8. Disregarded entity not owned by an 
individual 
9. A valid trust. estate. or pension trust 
10. Corporation or LLC electing 
corporate status on Form 8832 or 
Form 2553 
11. Association, club, religious. 
charitable, educational, or other tax-
exempt organization 
12. Partnership or multi-member LLC 
13. A broker or reentered nominee 
Give name and MN of: 
The owner 
Legal entity 
The corporation 
The organization 
The partnership 
The broker or nominee 
For this type of account: 
Give name and EIN of: 
14. Account with the Department of 
Agriculture in the name of a pubic 
entity (such as a state or local 
government. school *Oct. or 
prison) that receives agricultural 
program payments 
15. Grantor trust filing under the Form 
1041 Fikng Method or the Optional 
Form 1099 Filing Method 2 (see 
Regulations section 1.671-408(2)()03)) 
The public entity 
The trust 
' List first and circle the name of the person whose number you furnish. 
If only one person on a joint accoun has an SSN. that person's number 
must be furnished. 
' Circle the minor's name and furnish the minor's SSN. 
' You must show your individual name and you may also enter your 
business or DBA name on the -Business name/disregarded entity" 
name line. You may use either your SSN or EIN (if you have one), but the 
IRS encourages you to use your SSN. 
' List first and circle the name of the trust, estate, or pension trust. Po 
not furnish the TIN of the personal representative or trustee unless the 
legal entity itself is not designated in the account title.) Also see Special 
rules for partnerships, earlier. 
'Note: The grantor also must provide a Form W-9 to trustee of trust. 
Note: If no name is circled when more than one name is listed, the 
number will be considered to be that of the first name listed. 
Secure Your Tax Records From Identity Theft 
Identity theft occurs when someone uses your personal information 
such as your name, SSN, or Other identifying information, without your 
permission, to commit fraud or other crimes. An identity thief may use 
your SSN to get a job or may file a tax retum using your SSN to receive 
a refund. 
To reduce your risk: 
• Protect your SSN, 
• Ensure your employer is protecting your SSN, and 
• Be careful when choosing a tax preparer. 
If your tax records are affected by identity theft and you receive a 
notice from the IRS. respond right away to the name and phone number 
printed on the IRS notice or letter. 
If your tax records are not currently affected by identity theft but you 
think you are at risk due to a lost or stolen purse or wallet, questionable 
credit card activity or credt report, contact the IRS Identity Theft Hotline 
at 1-800-908-4490 or submit Form 14039. 
For more information, see Pub. 5027. Identity Theft Information for 
Taxpayers. 
Victims of identity theft who are experiencing economic harm or a 
systemic problem, or are seeking help in resolving tax problems that 
have not been resolved through normal channels, may be eligible for 
Taxpayer Advocate Service (TAS) assistance. You can reach TAS by 
calling the TAS toll-free case intake line at 1-877-777-4778 or TTY/TDD 
1-800-829-4059. 
Protect yourself from suspicious smalls or phishing schemes. 
Phishing is the creation and use of email and websites designed to 
mimic legitimate business emails and websites. The most common act 
is sending an email to a user falsely claiming to be an established 
legitimate enterprise in an attempt to scam the user into surrendering 
private information that will be used for identity theft. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SONY GM_00247043 
DB-SDNY-0100859 
EFTA01394815

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394816.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394816.pdf
----------------------------------------
Fern W-9 (Rev. 11-2017) 
Page 6 
The IRS does not initiate contacts with taxpayers via emails. Also, the 
IRS does not request personal detailed information through email or ask 
taxpayers for the PIN numbers, passwords, or similar secret access 
information for their credit card, bank, or other financial accounts. 
If you receive an unsolicited email claiming to be from the IRS, 
forward this message to phishingetirs.gov. You may also report misuse 
of the IRS name, logo, or other IRS property to the Treasury Inspector 
General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) at 1.800.366.4484. You can 
forward suspicious emails to the Federal Trade Commission at 
sPameuce.gov or report them at www.ftc.gov/complaint. You can 
contact the FTC at wvny.ffc.govridtheff or 877-IDTHEFT (877-438-4338). 
If you have been the victim of identity theft, see tovw.IdentityTheft.gov 
and Pub. 5027. 
Visit www.irs.govildentilyThelt to learn more about identity theft and 
how to reduce your risk. 
Privacy Act Notice 
Section 6109 of the Internal Revenue Code requires you to provide your 
correct TIN to persons (including federal agencies) who are required to 
file information retums with the IRS to report interest, dividends, or 
certain other income paid to you; mortgage interest you paid: the 
acquisition or abandonment of secured property: the cancellation of 
debt: or contributions you made to an IRA. Archer MSA, or HSA. The 
person collecting this form uses the information on the form to file 
information returns with the IRS, reporting the above information. 
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the Department of 
Justice for civil and criminal litigation and to cities. states, the District of 
Columbia, and U.S. commonwealths and possessions for use in 
administering their laws. The Information also may be disclosed to other 
countries under a treaty, to federal and state agencies to enforce civil 
end criminal laws. or to federal law enforcement and intelligence 
agencies to combat terrorism. You must provide your TIN whether or 
not you are required to file a tax return. Under section 3406, payers 
must generally withhold a percentage of taxable interest, dividend, and 
certain other payments to a payee who does not give a TIN to the payer. 
Certain penalties may also apply for providing false or fraudulent 
information. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0 100860 
SONY GM_00247044 
EFTA01394816

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394817.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394817.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
ammonginmemmili,
Wealth Management Americas 
New Business Initiatives 
December 2018 
Prepared for: Oliver Esslinger 
Prepared on: 12/20/18 
Prepared by: Melanie Keefe / BSO 
r 
T 
wa 
. • , 
• 
•
EFTA01394817
--- PAGE 2 ---
BSO Observations 
• Insufficient experienced supervisory resources in key control groups 
across 1st and 2nd lines of defense 
• Distinct need for a qualified, experienced 2nd LoD who will respond 
promptly and knowledgably with reliable insight and engaged solutions 
• Resource evaluation for DCO / BSO / ORM / Legal / Compliance 
• Insufficient number of qualified licensed supervisors in a number of 
areas 
• More supervisors are having to delegate more responsibilities and then 
losing touch with the details 
• Not all have a solid understanding of the regulatory requirements of their 
role 
• LatAm business increases risks related to complex structures and 
potential for money laundering 
Confidential 
EFTA01394818
--- PAGE 3 ---
Overview of WM Statistics 
Topic 
Title 
Commentary 
(Slide 3) 
(Slide 4) 
(Slide 5) 
(Slide 6) 
(Slide 7) 
RM: 2018 new hires 
New Clients / New Accounts 
Latin America 
Statistics 
Miami 
Statistics 
Temporary Waivers / Exceptions 
Client Acceptance Forum 
(Slide 8) 
Escalations 
(Slide 8) 
(Slide 10) 
Complex Structures 
Cross Border Training 
Miami, 3 NY, 3 Geneva, 
Chicago, 1 LA, 1 San Francisco 
1547 
235 LatAm; 1312 USO 
235 accounts High 138, Moderate 56, Low 41 
140 accounts High 61, Moderate 43, Low 36 
exceptions Approved 47; Overdue 1; Upcoming 1 
(No Permanent Exceptions) 
new clients 
Navarro — Accepted 
reviewed 
Patronato Benefico Oriental of the US - Rejected 
Aromatiss and Long Term Insured Credit Fund 
trainings 
Connect2Learn: 3 online trainings; 1 training 
delivered remotely 
Confidential 
EFTA01394819
--- PAGE 4 ---
Relationship Manager - Hiring Statistics 
Employee Name / Expected Candidate 
Location 
Est Month 
(Joining / 
Leaving) 
Incremental EXTERNAL Hires 
Teofilo,Roberto 
Hirsh,Johnathan 
Sergio Stiglich 
Reilly,William J 
Aguiar,Richard Manuel 
Wendy McMillian 
Lori Jackson 
Santo Vicenzino 
80628011 
80635336 
30628001 
80621808 
80621810 
80586534 
80155458 
80621806 
DBTCNA 
DBTCA 
DBTCNA 
DBTCNA 
DBNTC 
DBNTC 
DBTCA 
DBTCA 
Miami 
Chicago 
Miami 
Miami 
L.A. 
San Fran 
NY 
NY 
DB Internal RM Transfers 
Pablos Rodrigues,Ricardo 
Kiesel,Gregory J 
Smith,Tazia D 
80626369 
DBSA 
Geneva 
30627017 DBTCA 
Chicago 
30691725 DBTCA 
NY/L.A. 
WMA Internal RM Transfers 
Ralf Fischer 
30623005 
DBSA 
Geneva 
von Sandersleben,Wolfgang-Friedrich 
80623003 
DBSA 
Geneva 
Confidential 
EFTA01394820
--- PAGE 5 ---
New Clients / New Accounts 
Grand 
Row Labels 
High 
Low 
Moderate Total 
Chicago 
Geneva 
L.A. 
124 
Miami 
140 
NY 
261 
638 
292 
1191 
San Francisco 
Grand Total 
354 
755 
438 
1547 
Grand 
Row Labels 
High 
Low 
Moderate Total 
Latam 
138 
235 
Americas USO 
216 
714 
382 
1312 
Grand Total 
354 
755 
438 
1547 
— 
Confidential 
EFTA01394821
--- PAGE 6 ---
Latin America Business 
Row Labels 
- High 
Low Moderate Grand Total 
Latam 
138 
235 
Americas USO 
216 
714 
382 
1312 
Grand Total 
354 
755 
438 
154i 
Row Labels 
- Count of Account Id 
Latam 
Geneva 
Miami 
NY 
235 
161 
Observations: 
• Client Risk Program (CRP) issues raised for Venezuelan clientele 
• BIU reports have been ordered to maintain these relationships 
• LatAm clientele with domicile (either UBO or POA) in Netherlands 
• DBSI surrendering broker dealer license in Netherlands 
• 3 Fraud issues raised in 2018 
• Mons internal fraud identified in 2018 
• For the last 2-3 years, LatAm teams have not had appropriately licensed supervisors from a 
broker dealer perspective 
Confidential 
EFTA01394822
--- PAGE 7 ---
Miami Business 
Row Labels 
=I Miami 
J 
- r Latam 
Josie Alonso 
Pascal Landrove 
Reynaldo Figueredo 
Sergio Stiglich 
Americas USO 
Carolyn Magliaro 
Oti Roberts 
Rachel Maglicic 
Roberto Teofilo 
Count of Account Id 
Miami 
High 
Low 
Moderate 
140 
Confidential 
e 
EFTA01394823
--- PAGE 8 ---
Temporary Waivers and Exceptions 
• Refer to Excel file for details: 
All Cust A➢ 
Accounts Temp Exceptions 
• 
Temporary Exception Overdue (shown in red) 
• 3 Temporary Exceptions Future Due (in yellow) — Jan 2019 
• 47 Temporary Exceptions already Approved and Deadline Met (in green) 
• 0 Permanent Exceptions 
EFTA01394824
--- PAGE 9 ---
Client Acceptance Forum 
• 2 New Clients reviewed in CAF: 
CAF Date 
Client Name 
Client 
Type 
CAF 
Decision 
Banker 
3/18/2018 Navarro 
Prospect 
Accepted 
Joanne 
Jensen 
4/11/2018 Patronato Benefico Oriental of the Untied States 
Prospect 
Rejected 
Oti Roberts 
ilo 
Navarro CAF 
Memo 
to 
Patronato CAF 
Memo 
— 
Confidential 
I 
EFTA01394825
--- PAGE 10 ---
Complex Structures 
• Two KYC's for entities with complex structures 
Customer 
Number 
Customer Name 
* Type 
Client Since 
Date 
Customer 
Risk 
Rating 
Customer 
Owner 
Latam? Relationship 
Relationship 
Customer 
Number 
570587 
Aromatiss S.A.S 
Organization 
4/27/2018 High 
Ralf Fischer 
BELMONT, 
F RELATIONSHIP 
290654 
583987 
Long Term Insured Credit Fund 
LLC 
Organization 
10/29/2018 Moderate 
Stewart 
Oldfield 
ZUECH, CHRIS 
RELATIONSHIP 
583134 
• 
Aromatiss (Global Print and Org Chart) 
a
Global Print 
Aromatiss 
na
Aromatiss Org 
Chart 
• 
Long Term Insured Credit Fund (Global Print and LLC LTICF) 
a
I
a
Global Print LTICF 
LLC LTICF 
Confidential 
g
EFTA01394826
--- PAGE 11 ---
Cross Border Training 
Connect2Learn trainings (provided to all WM employees): 
• Anti-Financial Crime - KYC Level 2 Policy Version 3.2 Training for WM Staff 
• 
Delivered remotely on 4/17/18 
• Compliance - Cross Border Risk Management Training 
• 
Completion due by 12/9/18 
• Anti-Financial Crime - Anti-Fraud, Bribery and Corruption 
• 
Completion due by 12/9/18 
• Anti-Financial Crime - Anti-Money Laundering, Counter Terrorist and 
Proliferation Financing 
• 
Completion due by 1/28/19 
EFTA01394827
--- PAGE 12 ---
Additional Details: Latin America Strategy Approach 
Ongoing strategy review: Our approach to defining the 
path to growth for DB's WM LatAm business 
Developments in recent years have 
shaped the WM LatAm franchise 
2015 
2016 
2016 
2017 
2018+ 
"Retreat and de-risking" 
• Client Risk Programme 
• Exit of onshore presence 
• Reduction of market coverage 
• Adjustments in risk profile 
Turnaround challenges' 
External events (DB news flow, 
DoJ, share price) 
• Departure of 50% of 
relationship managers (RM) 
• MiFID 2 in Germany and EU 
"Growth focus" 
• Key management hires (Head 
of LatAm, Team Head Geneva) 
• First RM growth hires in Miami 
• Definition of growth strategy 
Approach to defining the growth strategy for DB WM LatAm 
Key deliverables 
1: Taking stock 
• Transparency on 
business setup, 
performance & 
challenges 
• First view on the 
LatAm market 
• First view on DB 
WM LatAm's clients 
Interview round with 
experts from 
coverage and 
products 
DB WM LatAm 
Factbook 
• Agree focus clients, 
products, & markets 
• Review positioning 
vs. future focus areas 
and identify growth / 
de-emphasis areas 
Formulate financial 
aspirations 
Strategy paper that 
articulates: 
a) Target clients 
b) Target products 
c) Target markets 
d) Booking center 
setup 
e) Target franchise 
size 
• Review with control 
functions 
• Define path to 
target state 
• Translate financial 
aspirations into 5-
year financial plan 
• Detail TOM 
• Actionable growth 
opportunities 
(organic & 
inorganic) 
• High level 
transformation 
roadmap 
- 
Confidential 
EFTA01394828

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394829.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394829.pdf
----------------------------------------
Reputational Risk Memorandum — CAF — NAVARRO 
1. Sponsorship and referral 
Business Division(s) involved: DB Private Wealth Management 
Global Unit Sponsor: Fabrizio Campelli 
Unit Sponsor: Patrick Campion 
Deal Sponsor (MD minimum): Joanne Jensen 
Committee/Unit, requesting referral: 
Principal business contacts: Joanne Jensen, Jessica Wilbur 
2. Statement of matter 
There are three points to be considered by the CAF: 
1) Sherman Financial Group — RDC alert, 5/2014 — Press release from NY State Attorney 
General detailing a settlement due to filing debt collection actions outside of the required 
statute of limitations, $175K (see "RDC Sherman_NY" attached) 
2) Resurgent Capital — Article found in internet search, 7/11/2012 — Baltimore Business 
Journal article detailing a voluntary settlement between Resurgent Capital and the 
Maryland State Collection Agency regarding debt collection cases, $1MM (see 
"Article_Resurgent BBS" attached) 
3) Resurgent Capital - RDC alerts and research — included 2 settled court cases, which are 
due to the nature of the entity's business, distressed consumer debt: 
• 
NY, 2013 - Resurgent pays $50K for mortgage license violation and agrees to 
get/stay in compliance with state laws (see "RDC Resurgent NY" attached) 
• AZ, 2014 - Resurgent pays 595K for a disclosure violation on license renewal 
applications and a mislabelled trust account and agrees to get/stay in compliance 
with state laws (see "RDC Resurgent AZ" attached) 
3. Rationale for referral 
Research was run on all relevant parties and generated most of the aforementioned material. 
Given the timely nature of the subject transaction (detailed in point 7), we flagged these points to 
Andrew Gallivan and Kim Hart and a CAF meeting was recommended. 
4. Statement of support 
We confirm that Andrew Gallivan has reviewed the financial and non-financial risks of the 
transaction, including the reputational risks, and supports proceeding with the transaction. 
5. Impact 
DBAG, DBTCA 
The term Unit collectively refers to Business Divisions, Infrastructure Functions and Regional 
Management at all levels. 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394829
--- PAGE 2 ---
6. Details of the proposed action or transaction 
The proposed transaction is a credit facility of up to $500MM, to finance the acquisition of a 60% 
stake in the Carolina Panthers National Football League (NFL) Franchise, preliminary terms and 
conditions are as follows: 
Lender 
DB 
Commitment 
Borrower 
Guarantors / 
Pledgors 
Maturity 
Repayments 
Sale Proceeds 
Security 
Comps and 
Margin 
Calculation 
Covenants 
Reporting 
Covenants 
Deutsche Bank AG, NY & JP Morgan 
Up to $500MM 
TBD — Newly formed Holding Company to be 100% owned by Ben Navarro 
and affiliates 
Ben Navarro & 5 family trusts 
years 
Years I/0 
Amortization to begin on the second anniversary, and continue on each 
anniversary in an amount equal to 20% of the original loan balance 
Bullet of $200MM at maturity 
Purchase the Carolina Panthers 
First priority secured interest of the Pledgor's $4.6B equity interest in Sherman 
Financial Group's business assets: 
Credit One Bank 
$3.9B 
Resurgent Capital 
$0.5B 
Kroll Bond Rating Agency (KBRA) $0.16 
Wharf Real Estate 
$0.16 
+ Wharf Street Ratings Acquisition, LLC and Fulton Street, LLC (collectively 
"the OpCos") 
+The liquidating distributions due to the Borrower in the event of a sale of its 
ownership in the team 
Lending has determined the following companies to be acceptable 
comparables to Credit One: 
• 
Capital One (NYSE: COF) 
• 
Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF) 
• 
Alliance Data Systems (NYSE: ADS) 
• 
Discover Financial (NYSE: DFS) 
• 
American Express (NYSE: AXP) 
On a quarterly basis, Lending will review Credit One against the median P/E 
multiple of these comparables and re-adjust the LTV of the collateral, 
requesting additional margin be posted if/when necessary. 
Guarantor: Minimum Net Worth, Minimum Liquidity, Minimum Liquidity at DB 
Borrower: To main 100% ownership of Navarro interest in the Carolina 
Panthers at all times. No additional indebtedness. 
Credit One : [TBD] 
Other Assets: Net Worth, [XX%] decline in eamings 
Financial Statements - 45 Days after Quarter End 
Audited Financial Statements - 90 Days after Quarter End 
TBD Reporting covenants on Guarantor 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394830
--- PAGE 3 ---
7. Client details 
Navarro Relationship Overview: 
• 
Joanne Jensen has known Ben Navarro since 1993, when she worked for him on the 
Institutional Fixed Income Sales desk at Citi 
• In 2008, Joanne provided Ben with $440MM for the acquisition MGIC and Radian's 
interest in Sherman 
• In 2013, Joanne introduce Ben to DB WM client Jules Kroll as a potential investor in Kroll 
Bond Rating Agency (KBRA). Ben acquired a 10% interest in the company. In 2015, 
Deutsche Bank advised Kroll on the sale of his remaining stake in KBRA, which Ben 
acquired for $320MM. 
Client Background: 
• Ben Navarro is the Founder and CEO of Sherman Financial Group ("SFG"). 
• Prior to SFG, he was the Co-Head of Mortgage Sales and Trading for Citicorp, with 
responsibility for the firm's purchases, securitizations, and sales of residential mortgages 
to institutional clients 
• 
Top 10 salesperson on Wall Street, focused on credit-sensitive assets 
• Navarro spent three years with Goldman Sachs on the Whole Loan and Agency MBS 
desks 
• 
Started his career at Chemical Bank, where he completed the credit-training program and 
spent two years issuing loans to mortgage banks and thrifts 
• Active philanthropist, establishing a $90MM foundation for education related endeavours 
• Prominent member of the Charleston community, funding three schools in the area and 
residing on the board of the Medical University of South Carolina 
Sherman Financial Group: 
• 
The nation's largest privately held consumer finance company, generating over $2B in 
revenue in 2017 
• Major underlying companies are: Credit One Bank, Resurgent Capital Services, Kroll 
Bond Rating Agency, and a small Real Estate business (not included in this transaction): 
Credit One Bank: 
• 
OCC-regulated national bank, issues and services near-prime credit cards, operates 
under a CEBA charter (no bank holding company treatment) 
• "Highly (OCC) rated institution" with no Matters Requiring Attention (MRA)s in the past 8 
years 
• 
Credit One has been extraordinarily successful, generating $956.9MM pre-tax earnings 
in 2017 and an estimated $1.1B and $1.2B in 2018 and 2019, respectively. JP Morgan 
recently valued them at $1.1B. 
• 9,^ largest MasterCard/Visa issuer, with over 9 million customers, portfolio totalling 
approximately $5.8B 
• 
The Bank exclusively originates and services the portfolio, then sells it at par to a SPV 
under Sherman's ownership 
• 
The company employs low leverage, with a Debt/Equity of 2.1x, which is below 2.4x of 
comparable public companies 
Resurgent Capital Partners 
• Resurgent is a CFPB-regulated purchaser of distressed consumer debt. They have 
spent $5.8B purchasing over $280B of distressed consumer debt, and have generated 
cash recoveries of $12.6B. 
• In 2017, Resurgent saw revenues of $515MM and pre-tax eamings of $109MM 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394831
--- PAGE 4 ---
KBRA 
• 
One of 10 Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSROs) and one of 
only 5 fully licensed in all rating categories 
• Navarro purchased KBRA in 2015. Since acquisition the company has expanded its 
areas of ratings and increased revenue 30% 
• Has issued 9,000+ ratings to date, rating over $775BN in bond issuance 
• 
Currently expanding internationally into Europe and Canada 
• 2017 Revenue of $93MM and EBITDA of $13MM, no debt 
Wharf RE 
• 
Opportunistic real estate investment entity, with assets in Delaware, Florida and Ireland 
• Partners with experienced operators and developers to pursue opportunistic acquisition 
of off-market real estate assets 
• 
Value is currently estimated to be $410MM, with a cost basis of $250MM 
• Property is all owned outright, without the use of debt 
8. Reputational risk(s) identified 
1) Sherman Financial Group — RDC alert re: NY Settlement 
• 
On 5/9/2014 SFG settled with the NY Attorney General on what were considered 
improper debt collection actions, given they were filed with the courts outside of 
the required statute of limitations. 
• In NY state debt collectors are required to file default judgements subject to the 
statute of limitations in the state where the credit accrual occurred (i.e. if it 
occurred in DE, statute is 3 years, while NY is 6 — the shorter statute governs) 
• In April 2010 - NY Court of Appeals reaffirmed the required compliance with 
these statutes. Per the article SFG complied from then on, but still proceeded 
with the approximate 400 judgements obtained prior to. 
• 
Settlement terms mainly included: vacating the 400 improper judgements, paying 
civil/state penalties of $175K and making key enhancements to their debt 
collection practices in NY (namely updating disclosures). 
2) Resurgent Capital — Baltimore Business Journal article found in internet search 
• 
On 7/11/2012 the Baltimore Business Journal published an article detailing a 
voluntary settlement reached between Resurgent Capital Services, LP and the 
Maryland State Collection Agency. 
• 
The agreement resolved allegations that Resurgent had violated fed and state 
debt collection laws — however did not constitute an admission of guilt, rather the 
company cooperated and denied any liability and wrongdoing. 
• Resurgent, and a second company paid $1MM penalty, exited the 3,600 subject 
cases and agreed to give $3.8MM in credits to 6,200 cases already concluded. 
3) Resurgent Capital - RDC alerts and research — included 2 settled court cases due to the 
nature of the entity's business: 
• NY — Resurgent pays $50K for mortgage license violation and agrees to get/stay 
in compliance with state laws, 2013 
• AZ — Resurgent pays $95K for a disclosure violation on license renewal 
applications and a mislabelled trust account and agrees to get/stay in compliance 
with state laws, 2014 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394832
--- PAGE 5 ---
9. Mitigating factor(s) 
Sherman Financial Group 
1) RDC alert re: NY Settlement 
Mitigants: 
• 
On 3/6/2018, Navarro confirmed to MD Joanne Jensen that everything has been 
settled for this case — fines are paid, subject cases were exited accordingly and 
they continue to comply with the enhancements required by the courts. 
• 
400 cases is minimal in scale/impact in comparison to the overall debt managed 
by SFG and its underlying entities. SFG has purchased over 50MM cases. 
• 
Navarro also confirmed that he was unaware that the 400 cases were still being 
pursued following the 2010 reaffirmation. 
Resurgent Capital 
Resurgent Mitigants: 
• 
Resurgent contracts out all debt collection to debt collection agencies. They can 
terminate them if they are not upholding their legal/compliance standards. 
• 
Resurgent retains: 
o A group of approximately 30 compliance officers, whose job it is to 
monitor state and federal regulations. Per Navarro — this is an advantage 
that most competitors do not have given the expense. 
A group specifically designated to monitor and address all customer 
complaints 
• 
We also note that Resurgent and Credit One Bank are completely separate 
entities. While Credit One does sell delinquent accounts, Resurgent must 
compete to win this business. 
2) Baltimore Business Journal article found in intemet search, 7/11/2012 
Mitigants: 
• 
On 3/6/2018, Navarro confirmed to MD Joanne Jensen that at the onset of 
Resurgent's debt collection in MD, they had written a letter to the state inquiring 
as to whether a certain license to collect debt was required. They received a 
retum letter from the state saying that they did not. However when Navarro's 
attorneys referenced the letter in the subject court case it was thrown out by the 
judge, who stated that they should have been aware regardless. 
• 
As referenced above — this case did not constitute any admission of guilt, but 
rather was an 'agreement," likely involving the aforementioned circumstance. 
• 
Navarro also confirmed that everything has been settled for this case as well —
fine was paid and relevant debt-collection cases were exited. 
3) Resurgent Capital — RDC Alerts and Research 
• 
Both alerts for cases are settled over three years ago, and are due to the normal 
course of Resurgent's business. The company paid fairly minimal fees and is in 
compliance with NY and AZ state laws. 
Relationship Mitigants: 
• 
As detailed above, Navarro has had a storied career and is a very public, upstanding 
figure, in both business and community 
• 
Ben Navarro has been vetted and approved by the NFL to bid for the team 
• 
The majority of Navarro's businesses are heavily monitored, i.e. Credit One, KBRA 
• 
Sherman and its entities have upheld the requirements to continue to hold the 
aforementioned bond licenses for KBRA 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394833
--- PAGE 6 ---
10. 
Business rationale 
Given the mitigants detailed herein, Joanne Jensen's 25+ year relationship with Navarro, and 
his pristine reputation, we feel comfortable proceeding with the potential client and the 
proposed transaction. 
11. 
Internal processes 
Compliance - Research has been run on all of the OpCos and Navarro. Results produced 
minimal FircosofURDC hits, which are all detailed herein. Full KYC will be 
completed/approved and research will be run on the trusts ahead of the close of this 
transaction. 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394834
--- PAGE 7 ---
Appendix — Feedback from Subject Matter Experts 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394836.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Print 
Page 1 of 21 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: PART A 
KYC Case # : 01993196 
One sheet must be established per relationship - list all accounts included in the relationship 
1. Relationship Details 
Relationship Name: 
ZUECH, CHRIS RELATIONSHIP:00000683134 
Booking Center: 
New York 
Relationship Manager: 
Stewart °Meld 
New PWM Relationship 
K Existing PWM Relationship 
Relationship to PWM: 
If existing, please indicate since when the relationship exists, provide reason for new profile and attach old 
profile: 
How Was the Client(s) 
■ 
Client Referral 
K RM Prospect 
K Intermediary/FIM 
Other Source (CIB, etc.) 
Introduced? How long 
has the RM personally 
known the dient? 
Please provide details (e.g. name of referral source, how many years RM personally has known client, 
etc.): Client was introduced through the Head of Banking, Charlie Burrows. 
Does Deutsche Bank pay 
a retrocession or similar 
K 
Yes 
I 0 
No 
compensation to a third 
party or the introduction 
of this relationship? 
(II yes, describe): 
List all existing and new accounts involved in this relationship 
Legal Entity 
Accounts) 
Account Name / Number 
Opening Date (intended/actual) 
I 
g 
Long Term Insured Credit Fund LLC 
10/19/2018 
Who is the primary 
contact person for the 
RM? (Note: This person 
needs to have signatory 
rights and/or information 
right for the accounts.): 
Christopher Jude Zuech 
Preferred method of 
contact(indicate phone 
no., fax no., e•mail 
address, etc.): 
646-927-6089 
Status 6. Approved 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.corniservlet/servletIntegration?lid=01N30000000D9Diet... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394836
--- PAGE 2 ---
KYC Print 
Page 2 of 21 
One sheet must be established for each account to be opened 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Long Term Insured Credit Fund LLC 
Acct. Number (if available): 
Account Manager: 
Stewart Oldfield 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services. longterm investment. 
payment/expense account)? Account is being set up to custody $250mn worth of bonds 
Indicate from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 
K DB Group: Other Booking Center (Indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution (Indicate name 8, location): Funds from various institutions 
K Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques....): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: Incoming• 250mn in Fixed income bonds over life of fund 
100,000 outgoing per every 2 months • residual interest going back to investors 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the account 
approx. 90 days after opening? 
100000000 
I Currency 
I USD 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the account 
approx. one year after opening? 
250000000 
I Currency 
I USD 
Does/will the client have Assets Under Management (AuM) within DB 
under Eur. 3M? 
Yes 2 No 
Please fist all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the account in the "Other" column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the las column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s . 
_egal 
Entityof 
Description 
Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
Account?IC 
Holder Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Jltimate 
3eneficial 
Owner 
Signatory 
or Full 
clOA 
Limited 
POA 
Financial 
Intermediary 
(AM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=25%) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(indicate 
ownership 
%) 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
K 
K
William Raymond 
Vandewater 
K 
121
K 
K
Member of ESM 
Management LLC. 
40% owner: 
Zue 
Christopher Jude 
ch 
• 
K 
r 
❑• 
K 
Eric S Meyer 
K 
K 
Managing 
member of ESM 
Management LLC. 
60% owner: 
David W Jelinek 
J 
0 K 
Long Term 
Insured Credit 
Fund LLC 
K • 
• 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394837
--- PAGE 3 ---
KYC Print 
Page 3 of 21 
R 0 
ESM 
Management LLC 0 
Managing 
Member: 
2 
MLC Investments 
Llmited 
El
Ei
L 
MI 
Trustee:Trustee 
for both Low 
Correlation 
Strategy Trust 
and WM Pool 
Equities Trust No. 
78* 
2 
Low Correlation 
Strategy Trust 
37.4532% 
Investor; 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
2 
WM Pool Equities 
Trust No.78 
K
39.6563 
39.6563% 
Investor; 
J 
• 
• 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394838
--- PAGE 4 ---
KYC Print 
Page 4 of 21 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY In Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
Individual's Name: 
David W Jelinek - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
United States 
Country of Citizenship: 
United States 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Finance 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
ESM Management LLC 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Authorized Signer 
Address of employer: 
282 38TH STREET New York NY United States 10018 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
icable for o eratin entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge. is the individual related to an employee of the D8 
group?(!/ Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-banldng 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yos,clescribe ) 
Yes 
2No 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
e Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/EamIngs 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gifts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394839
--- PAGE 5 ---
KYC Print 
Page 5 of 21 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394840
--- PAGE 6 ---
KYC Print 
Page 6 of 21 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY In Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3k Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Eric S Meyer - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
United States 
Country of Citizenship: 
United States 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
Yes N No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Finance 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
ESM Management LLC 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Managing Member 
Address of employer: 
282 38TH STREET New York NY United States 10018 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the D8 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-barthing 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yes,clescribe ) 
Yes 
2No 
If applicable, indicate which bait officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/Earnings 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gifts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394841
--- PAGE 7 ---
KYC Print 
Page 7 of 21 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394842
--- PAGE 8 ---
KYC Print 
Page 8 of 21 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
William Raymond Vandewater 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
United States 
Country of Citizenship: 
United States 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Finance 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
ESM Management LLC 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Member 
Address of employer: 
282 38TH STREET New York NY United States 10018 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the D8 
group?(// Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
WNone 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-berthing 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yos,clescribe ) 
Yes 
2No 
If applicable, indicate which bait officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/Eamings 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gifts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394843
--- PAGE 9 ---
KYC Print 
Page 9 of 21 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394844
--- PAGE 10 ---
KYC Print 
Page 10 of 21 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY In Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3k Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Christopher Jude Zuech - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
United Slates 
Country of Citizenship: 
United States 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Finance 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
ESM Management LLC 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Authorized signer 
Address of employer: 
262 38th Street New York NY United States 10018 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB.recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge. is the individual related to an employee of the DI3 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yes,clescribe ) 
Yes 
2No 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/EamIngs 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gifts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394845
--- PAGE 11 ---
KYC Print 
Page 11 of 21 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s. etc.): 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY In Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Long Term Insured Credit Fund Lie - 00000583987 
Type of Entity: 
Purpose of Entity: 
in Private Investment K 
K Foundation/Association K Trust LA Company 
K Estate 0 Partnership 
Philanthropic/Charitable MI 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
LLC 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Fund 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Cayman Islands 
Date of 
incorporation /
registration: 
9/10/2018 
Volcker Status: 
Determination Required 
Volcker Flag: 
Yes 
Address (city. street. post 
code): 
C/O Walkers Corporate Limited. Cayman Corporate 
Centre, 27 Hospital Road George Town KY1.9008 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
Cayman Islands 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure. its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
WNL Limited, who is listed as the initial member in the LLC Agreement, will resign from the fund per the following clause (Section 3.2) 
in the LLC agreement (attached): 
"Immediately following the admission of one or more Members on the Closing Date, the Initial Member, by its execution and delivery of a 
counterpart of this Agreement, shall resign from the Fund and shall have no further rights or claims against, or obligations as the Initial 
Member of, the Fund." 
Once resigned, the 2 members that become over 10% owners at the admission of one or more Members on dosing date, are Long Term 
Insured Credit Fund LLC and WM Pool Equities Trust No.78 . Both are Australian superannuation funds (Retirement investment funds). 
MLC Investments Limited is the trustee for both funds • MLC is a part of National Australian Bank, a public bank. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: Schedule A is attached to KYC as well as the LLC Agreement. 
K Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (if not the same persons): See above. There s 
no ultimate UBOs. 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source. supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 0 
No 7 -4 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394846
--- PAGE 12 ---
KYC Print 
Page 12 of 21 
Nature of the business: 
Fund 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Cayman Islands;United States 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Australia 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Low Risk Financial Institutions 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY In Section 2. Account Summa 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
ry
Legal Entity Name: 
ESM Management LLC • 
Type of Entity: 
K Foundation/Association K Trust 2 Company 
K Estate K Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
V Private Investment K 
Philanthropic/Charitable K 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
LLC 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Private Investment 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
United States 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
1/9/2009 
Volcker Status: 
Determination Required 
Volcker Flag: 
Yes 
Address (city. street, post 
code): 
1209 Orange Street Wilmington 19801 United States 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability.settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
This entity is owned 60% by Eric Meyer and 40% by William Vandewater. This is the manager of Long Term Insured Credit Fund LLC. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: LLC agreement 
K Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394847
--- PAGE 13 ---
KYC Print 
Page 13 of 21 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (if not the same persons): This entity is owned 
60% by Eric Meyer and 40% by William Vandewater 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 0 
No n 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Investment Management 
Countries where business is transacted: 
United States 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summa 
3C Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
MLC Investments Limited • 
Type of Entity: 
Foundation/Association 0 Trust ®Company 
K Estate 0 Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
©Private Investment 0
Philanthropic/Charitable II 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Australia 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
7/27/1983 
Volcker Status: 
Determination Required 
Volcker Flag: 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
105.153 Miller Street North Sydney NSW 2060 
Australia 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
30002641661 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394848
--- PAGE 14 ---
KYC Print 
Page 14 of 21 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, 
include information about revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Corporate Trustee 
As National Australia Bank's wealth management business, MLC provides investments, superamuation and financial advice to corporate. 
institutional and retail customers. We're all about using our expertise and the capabilities of the NAB Group to give our customers a 
bigger vision for their future and the bigger picture of their wealth. 
Our wealth management expertise means we understand how to help you meet your needs today, set your goals for the future and 
supped you along the way. We're focused on empowering you financially right throughout your life. Our approach is holistic — we'll give 
you better insight into your financial opportunities, end•to•end financial solutions and access to a broader range of services. 
https:/Awnv.mIc.com.au/personal/nav_top/about-mIc/aboutsuper-investments/about•us 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: NA 
K Special attention: Bearer Shares • Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (ii not the same persons): NA 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non•banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source. supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes K No t.r4 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Corporate Trustee 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Australia 
Number of employees: 
50+ 
3D. Wealth Prof Ile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Low Correlation Strategy Trust 
Type of Entity: 
Purpose of Entity: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394849
--- PAGE 15 ---
KYC Print 
Page 15 of 21 
Foundation/Association RI Trust 0 Company 
K Estate 0 Partnership 
©Private Investment 0 
Philanthropic/Charitable Ill 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Country of 
Incorporation/registration: 
Australia 
Date of 
incorporation /
registration: 
12/10/2010 
Volcker Status: 
Determination Required 
Volcker Flag: 
No 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
105.153 Miller Street North Sydney NSW Australia 
U.S. TIWEIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
This acts similar to a retirement Fund. The fund consists of thousands and thousands of investors. There is no UBO. 
MLC Investments Limited is the Trustee of the hind. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: NA 
Special attention: Bearer Shares • Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (if not the same persons): NA 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non.banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
yes • 
No g 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Australian Superannuation Fund 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Australia 
Number of employees: 
50+ 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealtIVsource of 
Funds? 
Australia 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Other 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Investment funds of Australian retires. 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
81,796,000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
65,000,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
$500 MM + 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
85,000,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394850
--- PAGE 16 ---
KYC Print 
Page 16 of 21 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY In Section 2. Account Summa 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
WM Pool Equities Trust No.78 - 
Type of Entity: 
K Foundation/Association IRITrust 0 Company 
K Estate 0 Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
Private Investment 0
Philanthropic/Charitable • 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Australia 
Date of 
incorporation /
registration: 
I1: 7:2014 
Volcker Status: 
Determination Required 
Volcker Flag: 
No 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
105.153 Miller Street North Sydney NSW 2060 
Australia 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, 
include information about evocability,settlor and beneficiaries,e1c.: 
This acts similar to a retirement Fund. The fund consists of thousands and thousands of investors. There is no U8O. 
MLC Investments Limited is the Trustee of the fund. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: NA 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (if not the same persons): NA 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
yes K No Eii 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Australian Superannuation fund 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Australia 
Number of employees: 
50+ 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Australia 
Primary Industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Other 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/habilities): 
investment funds of Australian retires. 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.(5): 
150.000.000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
125.000.000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
$500 MM + 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394851
--- PAGE 17 ---
KYC Print 
Page 17 of 21 
Potential Amount to be Invested with PWM ($): 
90,000,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394852
--- PAGE 18 ---
KYC Print 
Page 18 of 21 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: US/LatArn/Infl PART B 
Relationship Name 
ZIJECH. CHRIS RELATIONSHIP 
Risk Rating Comments: 
Derek St-Hilaire cornered the moderate r sk rating on 10/12/18. 
Booking Center 
I
l
p
,
/offshore
Offshore 
g
l
Moderate 
Risk 
n High 
u 
Risk 
l'A w 
(Compliance Signature) 
DB Managed PIC 
K DB is Trustee/Co-Trustee 
K Bearer Shares 
• 
DB Employee 
4. Attachments 
A. Type of Photo ID Provided 
Drivers License 0 Passport K National/State ID K Other 
B Checklist of names (individuals and/or entities) that were submitted for database 
. 
w-
hA Yes K No 
searches is attached 
C. Please indicate the results of the database searches performed 
RDC searches complete 
Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
Yes 0 No 
PCR checks complete 
Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
• Yes 
No 
OFAC checks complete 
w) 
L4 Yes El No 
negative results found 
Yes 0No 
BIS searches complete (Lexis/Nexis, Festiva. Reuters, Dow 
D8B) 
Yes K No 
negative results found 
K Yes 
®
o
Jones, 
Denial Orders checks complete 
Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
Yes 121No 
Martindale-Hubbell searched (Lawyers/Law Firms only) 
Yes 
No 
negative results found 
Yes 0 No 
Please summarize any negative results from the database searches indicated above: 
David Jelinek - court cases all a false positive. 
Our David was born in 1976, he is 42. The Chicago case involves a 61 year old; for the CA case, he would have been 10. 
William Vandewater - small claims disposed 2007. 
ESM - Cases closed. 
Eric S Meyer 
Our Eric is from MA. These small civil court cases. all related, are in from Chicago. 
Chris Zuech • Chris worked for both Carlyle group, one of the largest private equity funds in the world, and Vermillion . Carlyle Group 
was sued by a former portfolio manager in one of its hedge funds, who alleges the firm and its hedge fund's partners knowingly 
misled investors. 
Zuech. who was Vermillion's chief operating officer and next had a similar role at Carlyle Commodity Management, was named as a 
il defendant.The case was closed on 8/2016. 
See below regarding the only RDC alert. This has been AML for a week and waiting for clearance. 
MLC Investment Limited is the Trustee to two large Australian superannuation (Pension) funds in Australia. These funds are KYC 
parties to our account holder. 
MLC is part of National Australia Bank's wealth management business and has been around for 130 years. 
This alert contains a class action lawsuit against National Australia Bank and its wealth management business MLC. The lawsuit claims 
that they engage in 'unconscionable conduct' by selling credit card insurance to holder who were ineligible to claim under its term. 
The lawsuit is very recent — 9/27/2018. 
National Australia Bank is a alic company — as one of the four largest public financial institutions, this is considered normal part of 
business. Please clear the alert. Thank you. 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.corniservlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Diet... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394853
--- PAGE 19 ---
KYC Print 
Page 19 of 21 
E. To the best of your knowledge. has the client ever been convicted of a criminal 
Yes RI No 
offense? 
To the best of your knowledge. has the customer ever been involved in any past 
litigation against Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries or is the customer 
F. threatening litigation against Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries? (if Yes, 
K Yes 5 No 
provide details below and contact Quality Mgt. (LatAm/Int7) or the Regulatory 
Control Group and notify Compliance immedlatehe) 
Does the client or related party have any financial or other association / interactions 
G. within countries or regimes sanctioned by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
Yes 2 No 
(OFAC)? 
Does the client or related party have any financial or other association/ interactions 
ci 
H' within high risk countries? 
Li Yes 121No 
I. Corporate Documentation Attached (Legal Entities Only) 
Yes 0 No 0 Not Appficable 
J. Undisclosed Principal Form Complete (Intermediaries Only) 
Yes 0 No 2 Not Appficable 
K. If Lexis/Nexis Search Results. Corporate Documents or Other Supporting Documentation is not in English, please provide an English 
summary of the nature/contents of the non-English Documentation: 
NA 
L. Special Risk Factors 
Does the account have Nexus to Special Risk Countries? 
Yes 2 No 
Is the account structure unusually complex? 
J Yes 0 No 
Is there any indication the client set up a non operating 
company expressly for the purpose of transferring shares to 
Yes 2 No 
third parties? 
Is there any indication this could be a prohibited business 
K 
relationship? 
Yes 0 No 
Are the bearer shares identified subject to acceptable controls? 
Yes 0 No 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394854
--- PAGE 20 ---
KYC Print 
Page 20 of 21 
M. Case Comments 
Created By 
Date 
Comments 
Alicia Burns 
10/22/118 1024 
AM 
Per Bradley Giffin. the legal address is notated on the W9. 
Richard larossl 
10/17/118 5:39 PM 
WM Pool Equities Trust No. 78 - $90mn 
Low Correlation Strategy Trust - $85mn 
Both will be wired from Citibank New York. 
Richard larossl 
10/17/118 5:37 PM 
In regards to WNL Limited, the verbiage in the LLC Agreement dearly states that they will be 
resigning from the fund. We do not have any other documentation that shows this. 
For both of the main investors, Low Correlation Strategy Trust and WM Pool Equities Trust No. 
78. the funds will be wired from Citibank New York. 
Alicia Burns 
10/22/118 10:53 
AM 
Per the LLC Agreement 1.4 
The principal place of business of the Fund is 262 West 38th Street, Suite 507. New York, NY 
10018. 
ONSHORE APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): Stewart Oldheld 
(Signature) 
Stewart Oldfield 
10/15/2018 
Office Director/Business Head: 
Andrew F Gallivan 
(Signature) 
Andrew F Gallivan 
10/16/2018 
Regional Office Director: 
(Signature) 
AML Business Risk: 
AltDa Burn>, 
(Signature) 
Alicia Burns 
10/18/2018 
AML Compliance. 
(Signature) 
LATAM/INTERNATIONAL APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): 
(Signature) 
Account Manager: 
(Signature) 
Global Market Team Head 
(GMTH)/Sub-Market Team Head 
(SMTH): 
(Signature) 
AML Business Risk: 
(Signature) 
AML Compliance: 
(Signature) 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394855
--- PAGE 21 ---
KYC Print 
Page 21 of 21 
I 
PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT POLICY STATEMENT: Deutsche Bank Private Wealth 
Management (PWM) worldwide is committed to professionally serve the interests of its clients. To do 
so, Client Facing Professionals1( )(CFP's) should establish and maintain business relationships 
only with persons who satisfy our high standards of suitability, background and character. Due 
diligence obtained on the client must be appropriately documented by the CFP. It is the responsibility 
of CFP's to demonstrate that they know their client both at the inception of a relationship and on an 
ongoing basis. 
DECLARATION FOR ALL SIGNERS OF THIS FORM: To the best of my knowledge and belief 
the above information is correct and up to date. I confirm that I have no suspicions relating to the 
money laundering or unethical activities on the part of the client(s) and that I have followed all the 
procedures relating to account opening as described in the PWM Americas Procedures and the PWM 
Global KYC Policy 
(1 ) Client Facing Professionals (CFP's) include: Relationship Managers, Wealth Advisors, Product 
Officers, Brokers, Client Managers, etc. 
Deutsche Bank Americas New York 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394856

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394857.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394857.pdf
----------------------------------------
OPUS FUTURLIS 
FOUNDATION 
(Pananid) 
FERBEL GROUP OF 
COMPANIFS SLU 
(CIs35.0 
Pact Enterprise( IAD 
SW 
0,364 
Como taterpriso., S.LU. 
• 
Con loterssuosai 
fragromas(As/a) ITC 
LTD 
(Unsaour) 
KO% 
Coma gotematkunt 
IngsraWnes STASI 
(Shasta) 
Comma latersatknal 
Fregnaces SA. 
(Sorsa) 
Coons SragancesDSICC 
(IPatug 
ItO> 
C0}ma travanna OGE 
SW 
(EsPeol 
ICC" 
a% 
(gismo Hal ins Corp 
V.. 
wan. 
mn 
[Conn*I., emalloc.11
C rp. 
lusA)
Cos * literedleitli SAC. 
(Nei.) 
UX% 
Arentith.S SAS. 
;CoknilM . 
CerAcen: 
<ft 
VANDAL MT RNATWOI 
ENTSIPIU.SIIS SLV 
ff.soina) 
Bella Trailing Colombia 
SAS. 
IColorgial 
is,O A. 1.0a tilmit 
Noviembre 2017 
EFTA01394857

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394858.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394858.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Print 
Page 1 of 35 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: PART A 
KYC Case # : 02019466 
One sheet must be established per relationship - list all accounts included in the relationship 
1. Relationship Details 
Relationship Name: 
BELMONT, F RELATIONSHIP:00000290654 
Booking Center: 
New York 
Relationship Manager: 
Ralf Fischer 
New PWM Relationship 
Existing PWM Relationship 
Relationship to PWM: 
If existing. please indicate since when the relationship exists, provide reason for new profile and attach old 
profile: EDR • KYC Update to reflect the Beneficial Owners: 
Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson 
Janine Belmont Dauelsberg 
Marion Dauelsberg de Belmont 
Fernando Federico Belmont Dauelsberg 
Previous KYC 401861240. Please refer to other previously approved KYCs for this relationship: 01837751. 
1461855, 1347325, 1272743,1162451, 384817. 
K Client Referral 
FDA Prospect 
K Intermediary/FIM 
Other Source (CIB, etc.) 
How Was the Client(s) 
Introduced? How long 
has the RM personally 
known the dient? 
Please provide details (e.g. name of referral puree. how many years RM personally has known client. 
etc.): Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont is an existing client of DB since 2003. He was introduced to the bank by 
the former RM Maria Zita La Rosa. 
Does Deutsche Bank pay 
a retrocession or similar 
K 
Yes 
I 2 
No 
compensation to a third 
party for the introduction 
of this relationship? 
(If yes, describe): 
List al existing and new accounts involved in this relationship 
Legal Entity 
Account(s) 
Account Name / Number 
Opening Date (intended/actual) 
I 
4/27/2018 
5/9/2018 
Who is the primary 
contact person for the 
RM? (Note: This person 
needs to have signatory 
rights and/or information 
right for the accounts.): 
Astrid Pelaez Sanchez 
Preferred method of 
contact(indicate phone 
no., fax no., email 
address, etc.): 
3125169218 
Status 6. Approved 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.corniservlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394858
--- PAGE 2 ---
KYC Print 
Page 2 of 35 
One sheet must be established for each account to be opened 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Aromatiss S.A.S - DDA 
Acct. Number (if
available): 
Account Manager: 
Josie Alonso 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services. long-term investment. 
payment/expense account)? The purpose of the checking account is to pay the interest payments of the loan. To receive loan 
disbursements and to process wire transfers to Aromatiss S.A.S. 
The loan will be issued in favour of Aromatiss SAS in an amount of USD 2M-5M using as collateral the assets in the account of Ferbel 
Group of Companies. S.L.U. 
Indicate from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
121 DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 18312053 - FERBEL GROUP OF COMPANIES, S.L.0 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (Indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution - (Indicate name 8 location): 
K Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: The inflows an outflows range from 0 to 8 transactions per month and the amount will be ranging from $0.00 to $400,000.00. 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the account 
approx. 90 days after opening? 
I Currency 
I USD 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the account 
approx. one year after opening? 
227008.59 
I Currency 
I USD 
Does/will the client have Assets Under Management (AuM) within DB 
under Eur. 3M? 
yes 71 No 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the account in the "Other" column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the las column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s . 
_egal 
Entityof 
Description 
Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
Account 
Holder 
PlC 
Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Jltimate 
3eneficial 
Owner 
Signatory 
or Full 
POA 
Limited 
POA 
Financial 
Intermediary 
(FIM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=25%) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(Indicate 
ownership 
%) 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
2 
Aromatiss S.A.S 
• 
• 
K 
• 
K 
• 
K 
Veronica Maria 
Silva Luna 
• 
•
K
K 
0❑
Lama 
Jesus 
Hanke 
Armando 
i: 
K 0 
K
J
Juan Fernando 
Belmont Anderson 
I—I
K 
Primary dects:on 
maker: 
p 
J 
Ferbel Group of 
Companies, S.L.U. 
I—J 
• 
•
❑0 
100 
n❑
Jafer Enterprises 
R&D SLU 
ci 
K
• 
K 
•
K 
100 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394859
--- PAGE 3 ---
KYC Print 
Page 3 of 35 
E K
smo 
Icntoernational 
Fragrances. S.L.U. N
K 
K 
K 
K 
100
2 
Opus Futurus 
Foundation 
K 
K D 
100 
The Opus 
Futurus 
Foundation ooms 
Feite' Group of 
Companies SLU.
and Mr. Juan 
Fernando 
Belmont 
Anderson 
established the 
foundation.:: 
0 
Astrid 
Sanchez
Pelaez 
K 
D 
D 
• 
Marc Gerard 
Maison 
E 
K 
K D 
p E 
Norval Associated 
S.A. 
E
E E
Failleer of Opus 
toundat ion 
K 
FERNANDO 
FEDERICO 
BELMONT 
DAUELSI3ERG 
D 
D 
• 
E 
JANINE MARION 
BELMONT 
DAUELS8ERG 
E D E 
bri 
.., 
K 
MARION 
DAUELS8ERG 
EHLERS DE 
BELMONT 
D 
D 
K D 
ri 
E El 
Juan Pablo 
oy Fajardo 
D 
K 
K D 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforee.com/servleUservlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394860
--- PAGE 4 ---
KYC Print 
Page 4 of 35 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Aromatiss S.A.S. - Loan 
Acct. Number (if 
available): 
+1DIRBR4 
Account Manager: 
Josie Alonso 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory account, custody services, long-term investment. 
payment/expense account)? The purpose of the loan is to support the investment of Aromatiss S.A.S. in land and infrastructure in 
Colombia and set up the factory that will develop natural cosmetic ingredients and essential oils, to be used in the production of their 
fragrances and perfumes. 
Indicate 
• 
from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): DB Lending 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution — (Indicate name & location): 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques....): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: The loan facility is for USD2,000,000.00 using as collateral the assets in the account of Ferbel Group of Companies. S.L.U. 
Current outstanding principal is $600,000.00 and a Notice of Borrowing request for $340,000.00 value date 11.30.2018. 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the account 
approx. 90 days after opening? 
I Currency 
I USD 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the account 
approx. one year after opening? 
2000000 
I Currency 
I USD 
Does/will the dient have Assets Under Management (AuM) within DB 
under Eur. 3M? 
K Yes 2 No 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the last 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s 
to this account (> 1 can be selected). 
the account in the "Other" column. 
column. 
. 
_egal 
Entityof 
Description 
Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
Account 
Holder 
NC 
Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Jltimate 
3eneficial 
Owner 
SignatoryLimitedFinancial 
or Full 
POA 
POA 
Intermediary 
(FIM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=25%) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(indicate 
ownership 
%) 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
ndicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
iZ M 
Aromatiss S.A.S 2 
0 
Cosmo 
International 
Fragrances. S.L.U. 
100 
2 K 
Jafer 
R&D SLU
Enterprises 0 
K 
•
K 
100 
2 
Farb& Group of 
Companies, S.L.U. 
" 
K 
K
• 
K 
100 
2 n 
Opus Futurus 
Foundation 
• 
El 
K 0 
100 
The Opus 
cuturus 
Foundation owns 
lethal Group of 
Companies SLLI. 
and Mr. Juan 
Fernando 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394861
--- PAGE 5 ---
KYC Print 
Page 5 of 35 
Belmont 
Anderson 
established Me 
foundation • • 
K
Juan Fernando 
Belmont Anderson . 
. 
D 
s 
K 
❑D
Primary decision 
maker: 
D K 
Veronica Maria 
Silva Luna 
E
D 
D 
K 
K 
K
Jesus Armande 
Lama Hanke 
K 
D 
K 
K D 
El 
K 
Namat Assoclated 
S.A. 
K
• 
D D 
Founder ot Opus 
Foundation: 
K 
FERNANDO 
FEDERICO 
BELMONT 
DAUELSBERG 
D 
../ 
D 
JANINE MARION 
BELMONT 
DAUELSBERG 
D 
D 
D 
K D 
• 
K 
MARION 
DAUELSBERG 
EHLERS DE 
BELMONT 
D 
K 
Juan Pablo 
Fajardo 
D 
D 
D 
K D 
• 
ou 
a 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforee.com/servleUservlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394862
--- PAGE 6 ---
KYC Print 
Page 6 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Peru 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Founder 8 Owner 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Corporaclon Yanbal International 
PositiorVlitle/Rank: 
Chairman 
Address of employer: 
Cane Los Sauces 374, Torre Rola, Piso 11, San Isidro 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes IR] No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) Father of 
Janine Belmont and therefore father in law of Gonzalo Aguirre Arriz, one of the 
founders of Coordinadora Nacional de Independientes, a political party 
established In Pew. It changed name to Todos por el Peru. 
gi Yes 
No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the DB 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
K Family 
Friendship 
W None 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g.. external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)flif Yes.descnbe ) 
K Yes 
T   No 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
• 
• Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for partie requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Cosmetics company in Latin America. which follows the Avon business model. 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? Peru 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Goods 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 2 Salary/Earnings K Investment K Inheritance/Gilts 
• Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394863
--- PAGE 7 ---
KYC Print 
Page 7 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, important business partners.) Mr. Belmont created Corporacion 
Yanbal International, a cosmetics company in Lath America that follows Avon business model in 1967. Mr. Belmont created a fortune 
through the company's success in the region. 
Mr. Fernando Belmont earned a Bachelor's of Arts degree at the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill. After graduating, his father. 
who owned a different cosmetics company in Peru, helped him found Yanbal by providing the initial capital necessary when the 
company was created over 30 years ago in Peru. The company% website is: www.yanbal.com. 
Since then, the company has grown tremendously holding the second position of market share in this sector after Ebel Limited, which is 
owned by his brother Eduardo Belmont (also a client of the bank). Unfortunately, due to the competition between their companies. the 
relationship between the two brothers has suffered and today is not a good one. 
Yanbal uses a very grassroots approach to grow its business. Individuals can become sales persons of Yanbal by simply ordering their 
cosmetics and then selling them in their neighborhoods. Individuals can grow in the company by adding other people to their -team." 
thus receiving commission on their sales as well as those of the team they manage. This approach has allowed the company to grow 
into a common household name in Latin America rke other well-known as brands such as L'Oreal, Avon and Revlon. Today the company 
remains privately owned. 
Mr. Belmont is married to Marion Dauelsberg de Belmont. originally from Germany but has lived in Peru for many years. They have two 
children, Janine and Fernando. Janine earned a Bachelor of Arts (Political Science) from Georgetown University: she is married to 
Gonzalo Aguirre. resides in 
and has two girls and one boy. She started working with Yanbal, Mexico over 19 years ago and 
then moved to Peru to continue learning about the different areas of the company. About 11 years ago she became the general 
manager of Yanbal. Peru. Currently she is the acting CEO and her father is the Chairman. His son. Fernando. is married to Andrea 
Merelo. They live in Peru, most of the time in a province called Piura (north of Lima). Fernando does not have a University degree and 
doesn't partidpate in the family business. He is dedicated to surfing. 
Estimated Annual Income 
(5): 
10,000,000.00 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
$100 MM • 500 MM 
Estimated Nat Worth($): 
$500 MM + 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
150,000,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Julius Baer 
Country: 
Switzerland 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
100.000.000.00 
I
Institution: 
Citibank 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
15,000.000.00 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital tatus. other family members, etc.): Married with 2 children. 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394864
--- PAGE 8 ---
KYC Print 
Page 8 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Veronica Maria Silva Luna • 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Peru 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Director 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Corporacion Yanbal International 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Director 
Address of employer: 
Calle Los Sauces 374, 
one Roja, Piso 11, San Isidro Peru 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(1/ Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the D8 
group?(// Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yes,descnbe ) 
Yes 
2No 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
Nicolas Rustle 
4/18/2014 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/EamIngs 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gifts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394865
--- PAGE 9 ---
KYC Print 
Page 9 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394866
--- PAGE 10 ---
KYC Print 
Page 10 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Jesus Armando Lema Henke - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Peru 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Lawyer 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Corporation Yanbal. Lama Abogados 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Director, Partner 
Address of employer: 
Ave. Vasco Nunez de Balboa #659, 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the DO 
group?(// Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-berthing 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yes,clescribe ) 
Yes 
No 
If applicable, indicate which bait officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/EamIngs 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gifts 
III Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394867
--- PAGE 11 ---
KYC Print 
Page 11 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394868
--- PAGE 12 ---
KYC Print 
Page 12 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3k Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Astrid Pelaez Sanchez - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Colombia 
Country of Citizenship: 
Colombia 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes RI No 
Profession/Occupation: 
General Manager 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Aromatiss S.A. 
Positiort/Title/Rank: 
General Manager 
Address of employer: 
Autopista Medellin km 9.5 Piso 39. Planta Keops Ter* , Cundinamarca Colombia 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB•recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB•recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the DO 
groupt(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
WNone 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-berthing 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yos,clescribe ) 
Yes 
No 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/Eamings 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gilts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394869
--- PAGE 13 ---
KYC Print 
Page 13 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394870
--- PAGE 14 ---
KYC Print 
Page 14 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
Individual's Name: 
Marc Gerard Blaison - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
United Slates 
Country of Citizenship: 
France 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
VP 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Cosmo Fragances 
PositiorVlitle/Rank: 
VP 
Address of employer: 
2455 Sunrise Blvd Fort Lauderdale FL United States 33304 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB•recognised exchange? (Not 
icable for o eratin entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the DO 
group?(!/ Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
kti None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-berthing 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yes,clescribe ) 
Yes 
2No 
If applicable, indicate which bait officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
e Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/Earnings 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gilts 
Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394871
--- PAGE 15 ---
KYC Print 
Page 15 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394872
--- PAGE 16 ---
KYC Print 
Page 16 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3k Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
JANINE MARION BELMONT DAUELSBERG - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Peru 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Director 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Corporacion Yanbal International 
PositiorVlitle/Rank: 
CEO 
Address of employer: 
Cane Los Sauces 374, Torre Roia, Piso 11, San Isidro 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes IRI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) Janine 
Belmont Dauelsberg's husband, Gonzalo German Aguirre Arriz, was one of the 
founders of Coordinadora Nacional de Independientes, a political party 
established in Peru on February 23. 2002. It changed name to Todos por el Peru. 
yes 
No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the D8 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
K Family 
Friendship 
W None 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g.. external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)flif Yes.descnbe ) 
K Yes 
T   No 
If applicable. indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
• 
• Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for partie requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Cosmetics company 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? Peru 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Goods 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 2 Salary/Eamings 0 Investment 5 Inheritance/Gilts 
• Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394873
--- PAGE 17 ---
KYC Print 
Page 17 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, important business partners.) Janine Belmont Dauelsberg is not a 
contributor of wealth. She's simply a beneficiary of the Opus Futurus Foundation. All assets have been derived from the wealth of her 
father, Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson. Please refer to his profile for additional source of wealth information. 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
1,000,000.00 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
$20 MM • 50 MM 
Estimated Net Worth($): 
$20 MM - 50 MM 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Julius Baer 
Country: 
Switzerland 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
5,000,000.00 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital tatus. other family members, etc.): Married with 3 children; daughter of 
Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson. 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394874
--- PAGE 18 ---
KYC Print 
Page 18 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3k Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
FERNANDO FEDERICO BELMONT DAUELSBERG - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Peru 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Unemployed 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Unemployed 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Unemployed 
Address of employer: 
WA 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes IRI No 
is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) Brother in 
law of Gonzalo Aguirre Arriz, one of the founders of Coordinadota Nacional de 
Independientes. a political party established in Peru. It changed name to Todos 
por el Peru. 
El Yes 
No 
To the best of your knowledge. is the individual related to an employee of the DB 
group?(// Family or Friendship, describe ) 
K Family 
Friendship 
W None 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g.. external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)flif Yes.descnbe ) 
K Yes 
T   No 
If applicable. Indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Dale: 
• 
• Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for partie requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Beneficiary of his father's wealth, derived from the cosmetics industry 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? Peru 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Goods 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/Eamings 0 Investment 'TA Inheritance/Gilts 
• Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394875
--- PAGE 19 ---
KYC Print 
Page 19 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, important business partners.) Fernando Federico Belmont 
Dauelsberg is not a contributor of wealth. He is simply a beneficiary of the Opus Futurus Foundation. All assets have been derived from 
the wealth of his father, Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson. Please refer to his profile for additional source of wealth information. 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
25.000.00 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
$1 MM • 2 MM 
Estimated Net Wor111($): 
$1 MM • 2 MM 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Julius Baer 
Country: 
Switzerland 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital talus, other family members, etc.): Son of Juan Fernando Belmont 
Anderson and Marion Dauelsberg Ehlers De Belmont. 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394876
--- PAGE 20 ---
KYC Print 
Page 20 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3k Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
MARION DAUELSBERG EHLERS DE BELMONT - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Peru 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
El Yes 
No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Housewife 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Housewife 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Housewife 
Address of employer: 
N/A 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB-recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes IRI No 
is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) Mother in 
law of Gonzalo Aguirre Arriz, one of the founders of Coordinadom Nacional de 
Independientes. a political party established in Peru. It changed name to Todos 
por el Peru. 
El Yes 
No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the DB 
group?(// Family or Friendship, describe ) 
K Family 
Friendship 
W None 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g.. external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)flif Yes.descnbe ) 
K Yes 
T   No 
If applicable. indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Dale: 
• 
• Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for partie requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Beneficiary of Juan Fernando Belmont's wealth which es derived from the 
cosmetics industry 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? Peru 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Goods 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/Earnings K Investment K Inheritance/Gilts 
n Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394877
--- PAGE 21 ---
KYC Print 
Page 21 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, important business partners.) Mrs. Marion Dauelsberg Ehlers De 
Belmont is a housewife and her husband Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson, is her main source of wealth. Please refer to his profile for 
additional source of wealth information. 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
$100 MM • 500 MM 
Estimated Nat Worth($): 
$500 MM + 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Julius Baer 
Country: 
Switzerland 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital tatus, other family members, etc.): Married to Juan Fernando Belmont 
Anderson; mother of Fernando and Janine 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394878
--- PAGE 22 ---
KYC Print 
Page 22 of 35 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. Account Ownership Summar 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Juan Pablo Godoy Fajardo - 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Residence: 
Peru 
Country of Citizenship: 
Colombia 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Has client resided outside 
of his/her country of 
nationally for 5 years or 
more? 
Yes RI No 
Profession/Occupation: 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Current Employer: 
Aromatiss S.A.S 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Legal Representative 
Address of employer: 
United States 
Does the person work as senior executive of a DB•recognized regulated entity in 
the financial industry? or an entity listed on a DB-recognised exchange? (Not 
applicable for operating entities 
Yes WI No 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(// Yes, describe) 
K Yes 
! No 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of the DO 
group?(// Family or Friendship, describe ) 
Family 
Friendship 
41None 
To the best of your knowledge, Is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(// Yes,describe ) 
Yes 
No 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: Other Location (specify): 
Date: 
K
• 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in. because they are the same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 0 Salary/EamIngs 0 Investment 0 Inheritance/Gilts 
III Other: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394879
--- PAGE 23 ---
KYC Print 
Page 23 of 35 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did senior accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities. important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
(5): 
Estimated amount of investable assets(5): 
Estimated Net Worth(S): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
EM. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, other family membe s. etc.): 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY In Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Aromatiss S.A.S - 00000570587 
Type of Entity: 
K Foundation/Association 
Trust ®Company 
Estate K Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
in Private Investment K 
Philanthropic/Charitable MI 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
PIC to purchase property in 
Goombia
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Colombia 
Date of 
incorporation /
registration: 
7/8/2011 
Volcker Status: 
Identified in previous KYC 
Volcker Flag: 
Yes 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
Vereda La Punta, Inmueble Oasis. Lote 7, 3er Paso
 Cundinamarca Tenjo Colombia 
, 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
02118317 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Aromatiss S.A.S is 100% owned by Costmos Enterprises SLU that is 100% owned by later Enterprises R&D SLU that is 100% owned 
FERBEL GROUP OF COMPANIES SLU that is 100% owned by Opus Futures Foundation The beneficial owner of the Foundation is Mr. 
uan Fernando Belmont Anderson 
The following are Legal Representative of Aromatiss S.A.S 
uan Pablo Godoy Fajardo TAX ID: 000000079159787 
Astrid Pelaez Sanchez Tax ID: 000000031898134 
Veronica Silva Luna Tax ID: 0000000005452354 
Marc Blaison Tax ID: 00000012czl 9360 
Armando Lema Hanke Tax ID: 000000006061801 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394880
--- PAGE 24 ---
KYC Print 
Page 24 of 35 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner of not the same persons): Aromatiss S.A.S is 
100% owned by Costmos Enterprises SLU that is 100% owned by Jafer Enterprises R&D SLU that is 100% owned FERBEL GROUP OF 
COMPANIES SLU that is 100% owned by Opus Futurus Foundation The beneficial owner of the Foundation is Mr. Juan Fernando 
Belmont Anderson and his family. 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source. supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 0 
No 5 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Private Investment Company 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Colombia 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Colombia 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Goods
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/habilities): 
Assets are currently held in the underlying entity Ferbel Group of Companies, S.L.U. acts as the holding company of the group's 
investments. As of 02 2015 the company holds approximately $197MM USD in net assets 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
24,000,000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
19,000,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
$2 MM - 5 MM 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
2,000,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Deutsche Bank 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
827,008.59 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY In Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Opus Futurus Foundation - 00000490287 
Type of Entity: 
Foundation/Association 0 Trust 0 Company 
Purpose of Entity: 
©Private Investment
Philanthropic/Charitable 
Commercial 
IN 
K Estate El Partnership 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Panama 
Date of 
incorporation /
11/30/2010 
Volcker Status: 
Identified on Customer Profile 
Volcker Flag: 
No 
U.S. TIWEIN: 
30134267 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394881
--- PAGE 25 ---
KYC Print 
Page 25 of 35 
Address (city. street, post 
code): 
53rd E. Street. Urbanization Marbella. MMG Tower, 
16th Floor. Panama Panama
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structu e and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability,settior and beneficiaries,etc.: 
The Opus Futurus Foundation is a private interest foundation established in Panama in 2010. It was formed through Deed No. 25.505 
dated November 30, 2010 and registered into Panama's Public Registry on December 1. 2010. 
Its founder is Norval Associated S.A., a PIC set up by Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont. which is also registered in Panama. The beneficial 
owner of the Foundation is Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson. as evidenced by the attached Beneficial Owner Certification. 
The Foundation's Council is Cygnus Coporation. a company incorporated in Seychelles in March 2010. The Council Members are: 
• Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson: President 
• Charles Emmanuel de Bavier 
• Jesus Armando Lema Henke 
• Veronica Maria Silva Luna 
• Marlene Strutz Recinos 
• Paul Georg Peter Pagnia 
The Registered Agent is Morgan & Morgan. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity Is reflected: 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (if not the same persons): The beneficiary of roc 
Opus Futurus Foundation is Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson along with his wife and children, Marion Dauelsberg de Belmont. 
Janine Belmont Dauelsberg. and Fernando Federico Belmont Dauelsberg 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes K No LI
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Private investments 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Panama 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Peru 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Goods 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Assets of Opus Futurus Foundation come from Mafer International Holdings and from Ferbel Group of Companies SL These two entities 
derive cash from Corporacion Yanbal International's dividends. Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson is the owner and Chairman of 
Corporacion Yanbal International. Please refer to hisprofile for additional information. 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.(5): 
20.000.000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
15,000,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
$2 MM - 5 MM 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Deutsche Bank 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
10,000.00 
Institution: 
Julius Bar 
Country: 
Switzerland 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
5,000.000.00 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394882
--- PAGE 26 ---
KYC Print 
Page 26 of 35 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summa 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Cosmo International Fragrances. S.L.U. • 
Type of Entity: 
❑Trust 0 Company 
Purpose of Entity: 
©Private Investment U
Foundation/Association 
K Estate ID Partnership 
Philanthropic/Charitable MI 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
. 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Pic Invest financial Markets and 
Sale of purchase of securities for 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Bermuda 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
7/8/1994 
Volcker Status: 
Identified in previous KYC 
Volcker Flag: 
Yes 
Address (city. street, post 
code): 
Av. Sant Julia 260-266 
Granollers Barcelona 08403 Spain 
U.S. T1WEIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Cosmo International Fragrances, S.L. U. former name, Cosmos Enterprises SLU is 100% owned by Jafer Enterprises R&D SLU that is 
100% owned FERBEL GROUP OF COMPANIES SLU that is 100% owned by Opus Futurus Foundation The beneficial owner of the 
Foundation is Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson and his family. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: Cosmo International Fragrances, S.L. U. former name, Cosmos 
Enterprises SLU is 100% owned by Jafer Enterprises R&D SW 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (if not the same persons): Cosmo International 
Fragrances. S.L. U. former name, Cosmos Enterprises SLU is 100% owned by Jafer Enterprises R&D SLU that is 100% owned FERBEL 
GROUP OF COMPANIES SLU that is 100% owned by Opus Futurus Foundation The beneficial owner of the Foundation is Mr. Juan 
Fernando Belmont Anderson and his family. 
'" On July 26. 2018 through a General Extraordinary and Universal Board Meeting of partners of Cosmo Enterprises. S.L.U. it was 
approved the MERGER with Cosmo Enterprises, S.L.U. (Absorbing entity) and Cosmo Fragrances CGE. S.L.U. (entity absorbed) acquiring 
the first one by universal succession all the assets of the second one, that will be dissolved without liquidation. 
It was approved to modify the entity denomination that will be denominated "Cosmo International Fragrances, S.L.U., amplify its social 
object and change domicile to Granollers (Barcelona), Avenida Sant Julia. numerous 260.266, Poligono Industrial Congost. 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source. supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 0 No 2 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Private Investment Company 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Spain 
Number of employees: 
II
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assetsThabilities): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394883
--- PAGE 27 ---
KYC Print 
Page 27 of 35 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summa 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Jafer Enterprises R&D SLU • 
of Entity: 
K Foundation/Association 0 Trust ®Company 
K Estate 0 Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
©Private Investment U
Type 
Philanthropic/Charitable MI 
Commercial 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
PIC Research and Development 
of cosmetic related products 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Spain 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
9/17/2014 
Volcker Status: 
Identified in previous KYC 
Volcker 
Volcker Flag: 
Address (city. street, post 
code): 
Av Sant Julia 260 266,pollgono.ind.congost 
(Granollers) Barcelona Spain 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about evocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Jafer Enterprises R&D is 100% owned by FERBEL GROUP OF COMPANIES SLU and is 100% owned by Opus Futurus Foundation The 
beneficial owner of the Foundation is Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson and his family. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: N/A 
K Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (If not the same persons): Jafer Enterprises R&D 
is 100% owned by FERBEL GROUP OF COMPANIES SLU and is 100% owned by Opus Futurus Foundation The beneficial owner of the 
Foundation is Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson and his family. 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 0  No 2 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Research and Development 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Spain 
Number of employees: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394884
--- PAGE 28 ---
KYC Print 
Page 28 of 35 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets (5): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Ferbel Group of Companies. S.L.U. • 00000423364 
Type of Entity: 
K Foundation/Association 0 Trust 
Estate 0 Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
©Private Investment E 
Philanthropic/Charitable El 
Commercial 
Company 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Spain 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
8/29/2008 
Volcker Status: 
Identified on Customer Profile 
Volcker Flag: 
No 
Address (city, street, post 
code):
— 
Poligono Industrial Congost, Avenida Sant Julia, 
No. 260-266, Granollers, Spain 
U.S. TIWEIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Ferbel Group of Companie , S.L.U. was formerly known as Ferbel Group Limited and Ferbel International Limited. Ferbel International 
was originally incorporated on April 25. 2003 in Bermuda. The company later changed its registered address to the British Virgin Islands 
on January 28, 2011. 
On December 18, 2013 the company transferred to Spain and changed its legal name to the current, Ferbel Group of Companies. S.L.U. 
The company's authorized capital is set at 560,000 Euros represented by 5,600 shares valued at 100.00 Euros each. As evidenced by the 
attached Resolution of the Sole Member, the company's authorized capital is registered to the Opus Futurus Foundation. 
The Board of Directors is comprised of the 10110Willg members: 
• Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson: Delegate Council Member & President. 
• Charles Emmanuel de Sayler: Delegate Council Member & Vice-President. 
• Janine Marion Belmont Dauelsberg: Delegate Council Member. 
• Jesus Armando Lema Hanke: Delegate Council Member. 
• Marc Gerard Blaison: Delagate Council Member. 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394885
--- PAGE 29 ---
KYC Print 
Page 29 of 35 
• Veronica Maria Silva Luna: Delegate Council Member. 
• Juan Carlos Rodriguez Cuba: Delegate Council Member. 
• Marlene Strutz Recinos: Council Member. 
• Paul Georg Peter Pagnia: Council Member. 
• Olga Del Castillo Alegre: Secretary. nori.council member. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: N/A 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner of not the same persons): The company is 
beneficially owned by Mr. Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson and his family through the Opus Futurus Foundation 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non•banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source. supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
yes 0 
No 7.-4 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Private investment company. 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Spain 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Peru 
Primary industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Real Estate 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
The company acts as the holding company of the group's investments. As of O2 2015 the company holds approximately $197MM USD in 
net assets 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
24,000,000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
19,000,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
$100 MM - 500 MM 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
10,500,000.00 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Santander 
Country: 
Spain 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
128,000.000.00 
Institution: 
Deutsche Bank 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
5.411.000.00 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY In Section 2. Account Summary 
3C Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Norval Associated S.A. • 
Type of Entity: 
K Foundation/Association 0 Trust 
K Estate 0 Partnership 
Purpose of Entity: 
®Private Investment Li 
Philanthropic/Charitable K 
Commercial 
Company 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Panama 
4/14/2005 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394886
--- PAGE 30 ---
KYC Print 
Page 30 of 35 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
Volcker Status: 
identified in previous KYC 
Volcker Flag: 
No 
Address (city. street, post 
code): 
Notaria quinta del circuito, #7222 Panama Panama 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its ownership structu e and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations. 
include information about revocability.settlor and beneficiaries.etc.: 
Norval Associated is the Founder of Opus Futurus Foundation (see attached Tran lotion of Opus Futurs Foundation public registry) 
UBO and founder of Norval is J. Fernando Belmont (see attached translation of declaration of UBO of Norval) 
Norval's directors are: 
Charles de Baylor - president 
Jose Siha • treasurer 
Marla Saavedra • secretary 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: Norval's capital is $10,000 divided among 100 shares of $100 value each. 
(see panama registry. attached) 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate beneficial owner (If not the same petsons): Norval Associated SA 
is the Fiduciary Founder of Opus Futurus Foundation (see attached Translation of Opus Futurs Foundation public registry) 
UBO and founder of Norval is J. Fernando Belmont (see attached translation of declaration of UBO of Norval) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 0 
No 5 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Norval is a company of Mr J Fernando Belmont. Norval was created as the 
Nature of the business: 
founder/owner of Opus Futurus Foundation, which owns Dalex. Opus and Dalex 
are ultimately for long term investments, but Norval itself holds no assets. 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Panama 
Number of employees: 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description as indicated in Section 2) 
Primary Country of source of wealth/source of 
Funds? 
Primary Industry of source of Wealth/Source of 
Funds? 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent summary of assets/liabilities): 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394887
--- PAGE 31 ---
KYC Print 
Page 31 of 35 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394888
--- PAGE 32 ---
KYC Print 
Page 32 of 35 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: US/LatAm/Intil PART B 
Relationship Name 
BELMONT, F RELATIONSHIP 
Risk Rating Comments:• 
Overall High Risk Due To: High Risk Factor (PEP), Medium Entity Risk, Medium Industry Risk. High Industry 
Risk, & High Product Risk, SRF: Complex Structure 
Booking Center 
ENV 
INV /offshore
Offshore 0 Moderate 
Risk 
ni t 
mi High Risk 
(Compliance Signature) 
DB Managed PIC 
K DB is Trustee/Co-Trustee 
K Bearer Shares 
• 
DB Employee 
4. Attachments 
A. Type of Photo ID Provided 
Drivers License 2 Passport K National/State ID K Other 
B Checklist of names (Individuals and/or entities) that were submitted for database 
. 
w-
h-4 Yes K No 
searches is attached 
C. Please indicate the results of the database searches performed 
RDC searches complete 
Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
Yes 12 No 
PCR checks complete 
Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
• Yes tr; No 
OFAC checks complete 
'5 Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
Yes n No 
BIS searches complete (Lexis/Nexis, Factiva. Reuters, Dow 
J
 K No 
negative results found 
K Yes in
BBB) 
No 
Jones. 
Denial Orders checks complete 
Yes 0 No 
negative results found 
Yes in No 
Martindale-Hubbell searched (Lawyers/Law Firms only) 
K Yes in No 
negative results found 
Yes K No 
Please summarize any negative results from the database searches indicated above: 
-Rrscosoft Alert for Jesus Armando Lema 
0. Hanks who is Director of Aromatiss S.A. . His brother Rolando Enrique Lema Hanke was former Director General, of the Legal 
Advisory Office of the Ministry of Production in Peru Jan 2010 and ended his term in Nov 2010 and no longer is serving 
To the best of your knowledge, has the client ever been convicted of a criminal 
E 
Yes n No 
offense? 
To the best of your knowledge, has the customer ever been involved in any past 
litigation against Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries or is the customer 
F. threatening litigation against Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries? (If Yes, 
Yes 2 No 
provide details below and contact Quality Mgt. (LatAm/Int7) or the Regulatory 
Control Group and notify Compliance immediately) 
Does the client or related party have any financial or other association / interactions 
G. within countries or regimes sanctioned by the Office of Foreign Assets Control 
• Yes J No 
(OFAC)? 
Does the client or related party have any financial or other association/ Interactions 
K Yes 2 No 
H' within high risk countries? 
I. Corporate Documentation Attached (Legal Entities Only) 
Yes 0 No • Not Applicable 
J. Undisclosed Principal Form Complete (Intermediaries Only) 
K Yes •jiC No CI Not Applicable 
K. If Lexis/Nexis Search Results. Corporate Documents or Other Supporting Documentation is not in English. please provide an English 
summary of the nature/contents of the non-English Documentation: 
All documents have been translated from Spanish to English 
L. Special Risk Factors 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394889
--- PAGE 33 ---
KYC Print 
Page 33 of 35 
Does the account have Nexus to Special Risk Countries? 
El Yes RI No 
Is the account structure unusually complex? 
in Yes K No 
Is there any indication the client set up a non operating 
company expressly for the purpose of transferring shares to 
third parties? 
Yes RI No 
Is there any indication this could be a prohibited business 
relationship? 
Yes 
No 
Are the bearer shares identified subject to acceptable controls? 
Yes IRI No 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394890
--- PAGE 34 ---
KYC Print 
Page 34 of 35 
M. Case Comments 
Created By 
Date 
Comments 
Josie Alonso 
12/3/118 11:57 AM Aromatiss S.A.S is 100% owned by Cosmo International Fragrances, S.L. U. former name, 
Cosmos Enterprises SLU - The change took place on 7/26/2018. 
Dimitra Manley 
12/4/118 8:21 AM 
AFC has accepted the research attached for Juan Pablo Godoy Fajardo. The date format is 
listed as 03/12/2018. However, this research was conducted and attached to the KYC on 
12/3/2018. 
Dimitra Manley 
12/4/118 10:06 AM 
This Mt serves as an EDR for Aromatiss S.A.S (herein referred to as accountholder), an 
existing Wealth Management client since April 2018. 
This EDR included the following changes: 
(1) The addition of 3 UBOs, as beneficiaries of the Opus Futurus Foundation. 
(2) Update to loan signatories (per attached borrowing resolution). 
(3) Legal name change for an 18O: Cosmos Enterprises SLU changed its name to Cosmo 
International Fragrances, S.L.U. 
Risk Factors Include: 
• PEP Relationship: The UBOs are Relatives or Close Associates (RCAs) of a PEP due to their 
relationship with Gonzalo Aguirre Arriz. one of the founders of Coordinadora Nacional de 
Independientes. a political party established in Peru. Mr. Arriz is married to Janine Marion 
Belmont Dauelsberg. The PEP status was previously escalated (see attached escalation) 
• Source of Wealth (SOW )Industry: Juan Fernando Belmont Anderson (U8O) created 
Corporacion Yanbal International, a cosmetics company in Latin America. SOW Verification has 
been obtained. 
• Complex Structure: The ownership structure consists of multiple intervening layers. 
Below are the reasons why we are comfortable with approving this KYC: 
• Information and supporting documents required by our AML Policy were provided and 
reviewed: and as a result, we have an understanding of the structure of the accountholder, its 
purpose, the purpose of the account and expected activity. 
• The SOW was sufficiently detailed and appears plausible. Internet searches provided enough 
information to support the wealth for the prospective account holders and UBOs. 
Below are the risk factors associated with the accountholder-
• Our review did not identify any red flags and thus there was no need to escalate this case 
further. 
• Due diligence searches were performed on all key and the names searched were not on any 
sanctions lists 
• The UBOs and a legal rep/signatory appeared in the ICIJ Database as being linked to Paradise 
Papers. However, the appearance of the name in ICIJ database alone does not require 
escalation if there is no other negative information that presents significant or material 
reputational risk. There was no adverse media on the account holder, UBOs, or legal reps to 
warrant further escalation. 
Dimitra Manley 
12/4/118 8:25 AM 
The August 2018 Fircosoft alert generated for Jesus Armando Lema Hanke is the same alert 
generated in April 2018, when the account holder was on-boarded. B1.AFC-WM previously 
reviewed and cleared the alert. The prior clearance (from April 2018) is attached to the KYC and 
covers the current alert. 
ONSHORE APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): Josie Alonso 
(Signature) 
Josie Alonso 
12/1/2018 
Office Director/Business Head: 
Eva Paoe 
(Signature) 
Eva Pace 
12/3/2018 
Regional Office Director: 
(Signature) 
AML Business Risk: 
(Signature) 
AML Compliance: 
(Signature) 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Di&... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394891
--- PAGE 35 ---
KYC Print 
Page 35 of 35 
Dimitra Manley 
Dimitra Manley 
12/4/2018 
LATAM/INTERNATIONAL APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): 
(Signature) 
Account Manager: 
(Signature) 
Global Market Team Head 
(GMTH)/Sub•Market Team Head 
(SMTH): 
(Signature) 
AML Business Risk: 
(Signature) 
AML Compliance: 
(Signature) 
PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT POLICY STATEMENT: Deutsche Bank Private Wealth 
Management (PWM) worldwide is committed to professionally serve the interests of its clients. To do 
so, Client Facing Professionals1( ) (CFP's) should establish and maintain business relationships 
only with persons who satisfy our high standards of suitability, background and character. Due 
diligence obtained on the client must be appropriately documented by the CFP. It is the responsibility 
of CFP's to demonstrate that they know their client both at the inception of a relationship and on an 
ongoing basis. 
DECLARATION FOR ALL SIGNERS OF THIS FORM: To the best of my knowledge and belief 
the above information is correct and up to date. I confirm that I have no suspicions relating to the 
money laundering or unethical activities on the part of the client(s) and that I have followed all the 
procedures relating to account opening as described in the PWM Americas Procedures and the PWM 
Global KYC Policy 
(1 ) Client Facing Professionals (CFP's) include: Relationship Managers, Wealth Advisors, Product 
Officers, Brokers, Client Managers, etc. 
Deutsche Bank Americas New York 0 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.corniservlet/servlet.Integration?lid=01N30000000D9Diet... 12/19/2018 
EFTA01394892

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394893.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394893.pdf
----------------------------------------
RM Name 
Oti Roberts 
Business Line 
Wealth Management, Miami-FL 
GCIS # / KYC ft 
New or Existing 
Relationship? 
If yes, please include 
relationship since date, approx 
# of accounts, AUM, etc.) 
New relationship 
Legal name of Account 
Holder(s) 
Patronato Benefico Oriental of the United States 
Name of UBO(s) 
(Please include UBOs who own 
25% and more; If there are 
multiple layers, please include 
description of ownership 
structure) 
There are no UBOs as this is a non-profit organization 
Description of account type 
being opened, with detailed 
purpose of the account 
(Please include SOW 
information/ Geographic 
location) 
(For Entity Accounts: 
Description of the entity and 
background information on the 
UBO) 
DB AG and checking account. Accounts will be linked to facilitate 
transactions. 
This is a nonprofit in the Dominican Republic which purpose is to transform 
and empower vulnerable communities through self-sustainable projects in 
the areas of education and health, providing the necessary tools to 
contribute to their socio-economic development. For more information: 
http://www.hogardelnino.com/about-patronato-benefico-orientaU?langren 
Reason for High Risk 
This is considered a high risk because it is in the Dominican Republic and 
third parties can donate 
PEP (YIN) 
If yes, include details 
Not applicable as this is a non-profit 
Any negative media and/or 
court cases? 
(Include ALL negative media & 
court cases) 
No negative media on organization or board members 
If
Yes, 
Yes, please provide details Not applicable 
Business Justification for the 
relationship, despite High 
Risk Factors 
This is part of the Fanjul relationship; a significant relationship for DB and 
we have not found any reason this should prevent us from doing business 
with the Fanjul's. Other entities have already been open for this relationship. 
For internal use only 
EFTA01394893

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394894.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394894.pdf
----------------------------------------
Execution 
LONG TERM INSURED CREDIT FUND, LLC 
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
EFTA01394894
--- PAGE 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
sP
1. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1.1 
Continuation 
1.2 
Name 
1.3 
Purpose 
1.4 
Principal Place of Business and Registered Offices 
1.5 
Term 
2. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
3. 
INTERESTS, MEMBERS, CAPITAL COMMITMENTS AND CAPITAL 
CONTRIBUTIONS 
3.1 
Interests and Members. 
3.2 
Admission of Members; Capital Commitments 
3.3 
Capital Contributions 
3.4 
Default by Members 
3.5 
Capital Accounts 
3.6 
Return of Capital Contributions 
4. 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
4.1 
Distributions Generally 
4.2 
Distributions of Distributable Proceeds 
4.3 
Tax Distributions 
4.4 
Limitations on Distributions 
4.5 
Withholding Taxes 
4.6 
Liability for Certain Taxes 
5. 
ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 
5.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses 
5.2 
Regulatory Allocation Provisions 
6. 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
6.1 
Expenses 
7. 
MANAGEMENT 
7.1 
Management of Fund Business 
7.2 
Removal of Manager 
7.3 
Powers of the Manager.  
7.4 
Other Businesses 
7.5 
Exclusivity 
7.6 
Liability and Indemnification 
7.7 
Determination by the Manager of Certain Matters 
7.8 
Conflicts Derived by Dual Status of the Manager 
8. 
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE MEMBERS 
EFTA01394895
--- PAGE 3 ---
8.1 
Limitations on the Members 
8.2 
Liability of the Members 
8.3 
Consents 
9. 
BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS 
9.1 
Books and Records 
9.2 
Accounting Basis 
9.3 
Reports. 
9.4 
Tax Information 
10. 
TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
10.1 
Restrictions on Transfers of Interest. 
10.2 
Assignees. 
10.3 
Substituted Members. 
10.4 
Transfer of Interests by the Manager 
10.5 
Withdrawals 
II. 
WINDING UP, DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION OF THE FUND 
11.1 
Winding UP 
11.2 
Procedure for Dissolution. 
11.3 
Distributions at Liquidation 
11.4 
Termination 
12. 
AMENDMENTS 
12.1 
Amendments 
12.2 
Amendment of Registration Statement 
13. 
FURTHER INSTRUMENTS 
14. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND 
UNDERSTANDINGS OF THE MEMBERS 
15. 
BANK HOLDING COMPANY REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
15.1 
Non-Voting Interests 
15.2 
Withdrawals of Non-Permitted Interests 
16. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
16.1 
Confidentiality 
16.2 
Confidential Information 
16.3 
Disclosure of Confidential Information 
17. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
17.1 
Notice 
17.2 
Governing Law 
17.3 
Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. 
17.4 
Entire Agreement 
17.5 
Headings 
17.6 
Binding Effect 
EFTA01394896
--- PAGE 4 ---
17.7 
Legends 
17.8 
Third Party Rights 
17.9 
AEOI 
17.10 Counterparts 
17.11 Creditors 
17.12 Severability  
17.13 Context 
EFTA01394897
--- PAGE 5 ---
AMENDED AND RESTATED 
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
OF 
LONG TERM INSURED CREDIT FUND, LLC 
This Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement (as amended or restated from 
time to time, this "Agreement") is made on September 26, 2018 by and among ESM Management LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company, as the Manager (as defined below), and such other Person (as 
defined below) or Persons as may become parties to this Agreement by executing a counterpart hereof, as 
members (each a "Member" and, collectively, the "Members"). 
Recitals 
A. 
Long Term Insured Credit Fund, LLC (the "Fund") is a Cayman Islands limited liability 
company that was formed pursuant to the filing of the Registration Statement (as defined below) with the 
Registrar (as defined below) on September 10, 2018, and has been operating pursuant to that certain 
Initial Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of September 10, 2018 (the "Prior Agreement"). 
B. 
The Manager and the Members have determined to amend and restate the Prior 
Agreement to govern the management and operation of the Fund and the relationship of the parties from 
and after the date hereof in accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this 
Agreement. 
Agreement 
In consideration of the mutual covenants hereinafter contained and for other good and valuable 
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as 
follows: 
1. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1.1 
Continuation. The parties hereby ratify the execution, delivery and filing of the 
Registration Statement with the Registrar. The parties hereby agree to continue the Fund pursuant to the 
terms and conditions of this Agreement. The rights and liabilities of the Manager and the Members shall 
be as provided in this Agreement and, to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions contained herein, 
in the Limited Liability Companies Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, as amended from time to 
time (the "LLC Law"). The Manager shall cause to be executed and filed additional certificates, notices, 
statements or other instruments required by law for the operation of a limited liability company in all 
jurisdictions where the Fund is required to qualify or be authorized to do business as a foreign limited 
liability company, or as otherwise necessary to carry out the purpose of this Agreement and the business 
of the Fund. 
1.2 
Name. The name of the Fund shall be Long Term Insured Credit Fund, LLC. The 
Manager may, without the approval of, or prior notice to, the Members, change the name of the Fund or 
cause the Fund to transact business under another name. 
1.3 
Purpose. 
1.3.1 
The purposes of the Fund shall be to (i) invest in the Bonds (as defined below) 
and (ii) engage in any and all activities and transactions that the Manager reasonably determines 
to be necessary or incidental in connection with the foregoing. 
EFTA01394898
--- PAGE 6 ---
1.3.2 
All purchases and sales of the Bonds and/or other financial instruments shall be 
for the account and at the risk of the Fund. 
1.3.3 
In connection with the Fund's investments, the Manager shall have the right to 
effect any investment through, or to transfer all or a portion of such investment to, one or more 
investment vehicles owned by the Fund and other Person(s) ("Investment Vehicles") that are 
established solely for purposes of enabling the Fund to overcome or minimize legal and 
regulatory constraints, enhance tax efficiencies or address other tax considerations, or otherwise 
facilitate the Fund's participation in such investments; provided that the Manager shall not have 
the right to establish any parallel fund that would invest alongside the Fund. 
1.4 
Principal Place of Business and Registered Offices. The principal place of business of 
the Fund is 262 West 38th Street, Suite 507, New York, NY 10018, United States. The Fund may from 
time to time change its principal place of business and may establish additional places of business when 
and where required by the business of the Fund. The name and initial address of the Fund's registered 
agent shall be as set forth in the Registration Statement, until such time as it is changed in accordance 
with the LLC Law. The registered office of the Fund initially shall be located at do Walkers Corporate 
Limited, Cayman Corporate Centre, 27 Hospital Road, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9008, 
Cayman Islands. The Manager may change the location of the registered office of the Fund to such other 
location within the Cayman Islands as the Manager may determine at any time, upon written notice to the 
Members indicating the new location of such registered office. 
1.5 
Term. The term of the Fund commenced on September 10, 2018 and shall continue in 
existence in perpetuity until the Fund is wound up and subsequently dissolved pursuant to Section 11.1. 
2. 
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 
2.1 
"Adjusted Capital Account Deficit" means, with respect to any Member, the deficit 
balance, if any, in such Member's Capital Account as of the end of the relevant taxable year or other 
period, after giving effect to the following adjustments: 
(a) 
credit such Capital Account by any amounts that such Member is obligated to 
restore pursuant to this Agreement or is deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the 
penultimate sentence of each of Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(i)(5) and 1.704-2(g); and 
(b) 
debit such Capital Account by the items described in Treasury Regulations 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6). 
The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit is intended to comply with the 
provisions of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted consistently 
therewith. 
2.2 
"Adjusted Capital Contribution" means, with respect to any Member and as of any 
date of determination, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate amount of Capital Contributions made by such 
Member on or prior to such date, reduced (but not below zero) by (ii) the cumulative amount of (x) all 
distributions made to such Member on or prior to such date pursuant to Section 4.2.1, (y) all unused 
capital returned to such Member on or prior to such date pursuant to Section 3.3.3, and (z) any Capital 
Contribution by such Member that is held in Capital Reserves. 
2.3 
"AEOI" means one or more of the following, as the context requires: (a) FATCA, the 
Common Reporting Standard issued by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or 
EFTA01394899
--- PAGE 7 ---
similar legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction which seeks to implement 
equivalent tax reporting and/or withholding tax regimes; (b) any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or 
any other arrangement between the Cayman Islands and the US or any other jurisdiction (including 
between any government bodies in each relevant jurisdiction), entered into to facilitate, implement, 
comply with or supplement the legislation, regulations or guidance described in paragraph (a); and (c) any 
legislation, regulations or guidance implemented in the Cayman Islands to give effect to the matters 
outlined in the preceding paragraphs. 
2.4 
"Affiliate" of any Person means any other Person controlling, controlled by or under 
common control with the subject Person; and "control" (including, with correlative meanings, the terms 
"controlled by" and "under common control with"), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and 
policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
2.5 
"Affiliated Members" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.2. 
2.6 
"Agreement" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
2.7 
"Auction Rate Bonds" means various series of Class A3 notes issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Indenture. 
2.8 
"Bankruptcy" means, with respect to any Key Person, the happening of any of the 
following: (i) the filing of an application by such Key Person for, or a consent to, the appointment of a 
trustee of all or a portion of such Key Person's assets for the benefit of creditors generally, (ii) the filing 
by such Key Person of a voluntary petition in bankruptcy or the filing of a pleading in any court of record 
admitting in writing such Key Person's inability to pay its debts generally as they come due, (iii) the 
making by such Key Person of a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iv) the entry of an 
order, judgment or decree by any court of competent jurisdiction adjudicating such Key Person as 
bankrupt or appointing a trustee of all or a portion of such Key Person's assets for the benefit of creditors 
generally, and such order, judgment or decree continuing unstayed and in effect for a period of ninety 
(90) days. 
2.9 
"BBA Audit Rules" means Subchapter C of Chapter 63 of the Code (Sections 6221 et 
seq.), as enacted by the U.S. Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, as amended from time to time, any similar 
state and local provisions, and any Treasury Regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder. 
2.10 
"BHC Act" means the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. 
2.11 
"BHC Limit" has the meaning set forth in Section 15.2. 
2.12 
"BHC Member" has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1. 
2.13 
"Bonds" means the Auction Rate Bonds and the Related Bonds. 
2.14 
"Brokers" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.2.2(x). 
2.15 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks and 
relevant financial markets are open for business in in New York, New York and the Cayman Islands. 
2.16 
"Capital Account" means, with respect to each Member, the account established and 
maintained for such Member on the books of the Fund in compliance with Treasury Regulations Section 
EFTA01394900
--- PAGE 8 ---
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). For this purpose, the Manager may, in its reasonable discretion, upon the occurrence of 
any of the events specified in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), increase or decrease the 
Capital Accounts in accordance with rules of such regulation and Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-
1(b)(2)(iv)(g) to reflect a revaluation of Fund property. 
2.17 
"Capital Commitment" means, with respect to any Member, the amount of cash that 
such Member agreed to contribute to the Fund as set forth in such Member's Subscription Agreement, as 
it may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
2.18 
"Capital Contribution" means the total amount of cash contributed to the Fund by each 
Member, from time to time, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
2.19 
"Capital Reserve" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.3.3. 
2.20 
"Carried Interest" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2.1. 
2.21 
"Cause" means, with respect to the Manager, that the Manager is found by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to have committed gross negligence (as such term is construed under the laws of 
the State of Delaware), willful misconduct, fraud or material breach of this Agreement in the conduct of 
its duties to the Fund hereunder. 
2.22 
"Closing Date" means October 11, 2018, subject to extension by the Manager in its sole 
discretion, provided that in no event shall the Manager extend the Closing Date past December 31, 2018. 
2.23 
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
2.24 
"Complete Disposition Event" means the complete settlement, sale, redemption or other 
disposition of all of the Fund's investments as reasonably determined by the Manager, and receipt by the 
Fund of the proceeds in consideration thereof. 
2/5 
"Confidential Information" has the meaning set forth in Section 16.2. 
216 
"Confidential Offering Memorandum" means the document used to offer Interests in 
the Fund, as such document is amended and supplemented from time to time. 
2/7 
"Damages" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6.2. 
2/8 
"Disposition Event," "Disposition" or "Disposed" 
means, with respect to any 
investment of the Fund, a sale, settlement or other disposition of any portion such investment (including, 
with respect to any Bonds, a redemption of such Bonds) as reasonably determined by the Manager, and 
receipt by the Fund of the proceeds in consideration thereof. 
2/9 
"Distributable Proceeds" means, with respect to any period, (i) all proceeds (or, in the 
Manager's reasonable discretion, securities or other non-cash consideration) received by the Fund during 
such period in respect of any investment held by the Fund, including as the result of the Disposition of 
any such investment, together with settlement proceeds, dividends, interest income and other similar 
items received by the Fund on account of such investment, less (ii) all expenses, liabilities and Reserves 
of the Fund, as determined by the Manager in its reasonable discretion. 
2.30 
"ERISA" means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended. 
EFTA01394901
--- PAGE 9 ---
2.31 
"Fair Market Value" means the fair market value of an investment, asset, security or 
Interest as determined by the Manager in accordance with its valuation policy. 
2.32 
"FATCA" means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as amended from time to 
time, and any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, including any successor 
regulations or interpretations, and any intergovernmental agreement implementing the foregoing. 
2.33 
"Fiscal Year" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2. 
2.34 
"Fund" has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
2.35 
"Hurdle Amount" means, with respect to any Member and for any period, (x) the 
amount equal to an annual return of eight percent (8%) computed on the basis of the actual number of 
days in such period over a year, compounded annually, on the amount of such Member's Adjusted Capital 
Contribution outstanding from time to time during such period, less (y) the amount of such Member's 
Preferred Return determined for the same period. 
2.36 
"Indenture" means that certain Indenture dated as of May 2, 2006 by and among the 
Issuer, Ambac Assurance UK Limited and Assured Guaranty (UK) Ltd. as financial guarantors, The Bank 
of New York (acting through its London Branch) as trustee, The Bank of New York as auction agent and 
The Bank of New York as securities intermediary. 
2.37 
"Initial Member" means WNL Limited. 
2.38 
"Interest" means an interest in the Fund entitling a Member to a share of the profits, 
losses, distributions, capital and assets of Fund as provided herein. Interests need not be evidenced by 
certificates. There are no voting rights associated with any Interests issued by the Fund. 
2.39 
"Issuer" means Ballantyne Re, plc, a public limited company incorporated under the 
laws of Ireland. 
2.40 
"IRS" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
2.41 
"Key Person Event" means, with respect to Eric Meyer or William Van de Water (each, 
a "Key Person"): (i) such Key Person ceases to be actively involved in the management activities of the 
Fund for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days, (ii) the Manager becoming aware that it is reasonably 
likely that such Key Person will cease to be actively involved in the management activities of the Fund 
for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days, (iii) any resignation, termination of employment, death, or 
permanent disability which interferes with such Key Person's ability to perform its responsibilities related 
to the Fund, or (iv) the Bankruptcy of such Key Person. 
2.42 
"Majority-in-Interest of the Members" means, with respect to a particular amendment 
to this Agreement or other action that requires the consent or approval of the Members, Members whose 
aggregate Capital Commitment at such time exceeds 50% of the aggregate Capital Commitment of all 
Members (in each case not counting for purposes of this calculation any Defaulting Members or any 
Members who are Affiliated Members). 
2.43 
"Manager" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.1. 
2.44 
"Manager Parties" has the meaning set forth in Section 7.6.1. 
EFTA01394902
--- PAGE 10 ---
2.45 
"Member" has the meaning set forth in the Preamble to this Agreement 
2.46 
"Percentage Interest" means, with respect to any Member, the percentage calculated by 
dividing such Member's Capital Commitment by the aggregate Capital Commitments of all Members. 
2.47 
"Permitted Interests" has the meaning set forth in Section 15.2. 
2.48 
"Person" means any individual, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, 
corporation, trust, unincorporated organization, government (or any agency or political subdivision 
thereof) or other entity, whether or not having legal personality. 
2.49 
"Plan Asset Regulations" means the regulations concerning the definition of "Plan 
Assets" under ERISA adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
2.50 
"Preferred Return" means, with respect to any Member and for any period, the amount 
equal to an annual return of four percent (4%) computed on the basis of the actual number of days in such 
period over a year, compounded annually, on the amount of such Member's Adjusted Capital 
Contribution outstanding from time to time during such period. 
2.51 
"Representatives" has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1. 
2.52 
"Reserve" means an amount of funds deemed sufficient by the Manager in its reasonable 
discretion, as of the date of determination, for working capital, capital expenditures, other future uses of 
capital, and to pay taxes (specifically including the Manager's authority to retain reserves for purposes of 
paying tax obligations of the Fund), insurance and/or other costs and expenses incident to the operation of 
the Fund. 
2.53 
"Related Bonds" means Class A2 notes issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Indenture. 
2.54 
"Register" means the Register of Limited Liability Companies maintained by the 
Registrar, as required by the LLC Law. 
2.55 
"Registrar" means the Limited Liability Companies of the Cayman Islands. 
236 
"Registration Statement" means the registration statement referred to in section 5(2) of 
the LLC Law, and as amended pursuant to the LLC Law. 
2.57 
"Special Member" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1.2. 
2.58 
"Subscription Agreement" means a subscription agreement, in a form approved by the 
Manager, executed in connection with the acquisition of an Interest from the Fund. 
239 
"Substituted Member" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3.1. 
2.60 
"Tender Offer" means the tender offer process which the Fund intends to utilize to 
acquire the Bonds. 
2.61 
"Transfer" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.1. 
2.62 
"Transferee" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1. 
EFTA01394903
--- PAGE 11 ---
2.63 
"Transferor" has the meaning set forth in Section 10.2.1. 
2.64 
"Treasury Regulations" means the income tax regulations promulgated under the Code, 
as such regulations may be amended from time to time. 
2.65 
"Unpaid Preferred Return" means, with respect to any Member and as of any date of 
determination, (i) such Member's Preferred Return accrued for all periods prior to such date, reduced (but 
not below zero) by (ii) the cumulative amount of all distributions made to such Member on or prior to 
such date pursuant to Section 4.2.1(ii)(b). 
2.66 
"USD" or "$" means the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
3. 
INTERESTS, 
MEMBERS, 
CAPITAL 
COMMITMENTS 
AND 
CAPITAL 
CONTRIBUTIONS 
3.1 
Interests and Members. 
3.1.1 
The names, addresses, Capital Commitments and Capital Contributions of the 
Members and such other information as may be required by the LLC Law shall be maintained by 
the Manager on the books and records of the Fund. 
3.1.2 
The Manager shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to designate certain 
Members (including investors who are affiliated with the Manager ("Affiliated Members")) as 
Special Members and, when deemed appropriate by the Manager in its sole discretion, to enter 
into separate agreements and/or side letters with such Special Members setting forth the terms of 
their investment in the Fund. A "Special Member" shall have the same rights and obligations as 
a Member, except that the Interest held by a Special Member (i) may have preferential terms, 
including, but not limited to, more favorable reporting or information rights (i.e., greater 
transparency); and/or (ii) may not be (x) subject to the same Carried Interest; (y) subject to the 
same restrictions as to transfers as the Interests held by other Members; and/or (z) subject to such 
other provisions as the Manager may specify and/or as set forth in any applicable separate 
agreement or side letter. Each Special Member shall be designated as a Special Member in the 
books and records of the Fund. Except as otherwise agreed with a particular Special Member, 
any Special Member may lose its designation as a Special Member in the sole discretion of the 
Manager. Neither the Manager nor the Fund shall be required to obtain the consent or approval 
of, or give notice to, any other Member in connection with the designation of any Member as a 
Special Member. Except as otherwise agreed with a particular Member, the designation of one or 
more Special Members will not entitle any other Member to similar terms or designation, and 
neither the Manager nor the Fund will be required to obtain the consent or approval of, or provide 
notice to, any Member in connection therewith. 
3.2 
Admission of Members; Capital Commitments. 
3.2.1 
The Manager may, in its sole discretion, admit one or more Persons to the Fund 
as Members as of the Closing Date. A Person shall be admitted to the Fund as a Member (and 
shall be shown as such in the books and records of the Fund) upon execution and delivery by such 
Person of this Agreement (or a counterpart hereof) and a Subscription Agreement and the 
acceptance by the Manager of such subscription in accordance with the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement. It is understood and agreed that the Manager may execute this Agreement on 
behalf of the Members pursuant to the power-of-attorney granted by each of the Members in their 
respective Subscription Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 
EFTA01394904
--- PAGE 12 ---
the Manager may decline to accept a subscription by any Person, in whole or in part, and for any 
reason or no reason, in its sole discretion. Immediately following the admission of one or more 
Members on the Closing Date, the Initial Member, by its execution and delivery of a counterpart 
of this Agreement, shall resign from the Fund and shall have no further rights or claims against, 
or obligations as the Initial Member of, the Fund. 
3.2.2 
Each Member shall commit to contribute to the capital of the Fund an amount 
equal to its Capital Commitment. The minimum Capital Commitment for any Member shall be 
$1,000,000, subject to waiver, reduction or increase by the Manager in its sole discretion and any 
adjustment in accordance with Section 3.2.4 and/or Section 3.2.5. Subject to certain specific 
limitations contained in other provisions of this Agreement, such obligation to contribute capital 
to the Fund shall be irrevocable, unconditional and not subject to any defense, counterclaim or 
offset of any kind. 
3.2.3 
The Manager and/or its principals shall make aggregate Capital Commitments to 
the Fund of at least $2,000,000. In addition, ESM Fund I LP (the "ESM Fund"), a private 
investment fund managed by the Manager, shall make a Capital Commitment of $3,000,000 to 
the Fund. 
3.2.4 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Manager will 
allocate the Bonds to be acquired by the Fund first to the Affiliated Members and call capital 
from the Affiliated Members on a pro rata basis based on their respective Capital Commitments 
(as set forth in Section 3.2.3) to fund the acquisition cost until each Affiliated Member's 
unfunded Capital Commitment is reduced to zero, unless otherwise determined by the Manager, 
and then allocate the remaining portion of the Bonds to be acquired by the Fund to the other 
Members (the "Unaffiliated Members") and call capital from the Unaffiliated Members on a pro 
ram basis based on their respective Capital Commitments in accordance with the provisions of 
Section 3.3 to fund the remaining portion of the acquisition cost. In the event that any 
Unaffiliated Member's level of participation in the acquired Bonds is less than the level of 
participation that such Unaffiliated Member would have had in the acquired Bonds had the 
Manager allocated the investment opportunity to (and called capital from) all Members pro rata 
based on their respective Capital Commitments without giving any priority to the Affiliated 
Members, then such Unaffiliated Member's Capital Commitment and unfunded Capital 
Commitment shall be deemed to have been reduced by the same proportion as the reduction of its 
level of participation in the acquired Bonds resulting from the priority allocation of acquired 
Bonds to the Affiliated Members. 
3.2.5 
Unless otherwise agreed with a particular Member, after thirty (30) calendar days 
following the completion of the Tender Offer, each Member shall be released from further 
obligations with respect to its unfunded Capital Commitment except to the extent as reasonably 
determined by the Manager to be necessary to: (i) pay amounts owing or which may become due 
under any indebtedness or to satisfy obligations under existing guarantees, indemnities, covenants 
or other undertakings; (ii) pay Fund expenses when due; and (iii) establish Reserves for the 
purpose of funding the matters described in clauses (i) and (ii). Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the foregoing, if, within the thirty (30) calendar period following the completion of 
the Tender Offer, there remain unfunded Capital Commitments available for drawdown, and any 
holders of the Bonds who did not accept the Tender Offer contact the Manager, then the Manager 
may in its sole discretion acquire additional Bonds from these holders in one or more privately 
negotiated transactions on behalf of the Fund and call capital from the Members to fund such 
transaction(s), in which event the Members will not be released from their unfunded Capital 
Commitments until such transactions have been completed. 
EFTA01394905
--- PAGE 13 ---
3.3 
Capital Contributions. 
3.3.1 
Each Member shall make Capital Contributions when and as called by the 
Manager upon at least five (5) Business Days' prior written notice to the Members (a "Capital 
Call Notice"). The amount of cash required to be contributed by each Member shall be equal to 
the total amount of capital called for by the Manager, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of 
which shall be the amount of such Member's Capital Commitment and the denominator of which 
shall be the aggregate amount of all Members' Capital Commitments. 
3.3.2 
All Capital Contributions shall be made in immediately available funds in US 
dollars by 12:00 noon (Eastern Standard time) on the date specified in the applicable Capital Call 
Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the actual Capital Contribution amount of a Member 
changes after the delivery of a Capital Call Notice for any reason, the Manager shall issue a 
revised Capital Call Notice to the Members, and in such event the Capital Contributions required 
by such revised Capital Call Notice shall be made by 12:00 noon (Eastern Standard time) on the 
date specified in such revised Capital Call Notice. 
3.3.3 
Any capital called from the Members that is not used to acquire investments or 
pay Fund expenses shall be promptly returned to the Members, provided that the Manager may, 
in its sole discretion, hold back up to 5% of any such unused capital for up to ninety (90) days to 
fund investments, pay expenses of the Fund and/or for other use of capital incident to the 
operation of the Fund (any such amount held back, a "Capital Reserve"). 
3.3.4 
Except as otherwise specifically provided herein, nothing in this Agreement shall 
operate to increase any Member's Capital Commitment and no Member shall have any obligation 
to contribute any amounts in excess of such Member's Capital Commitment to the Fund. 
3.3.5 
The Manager shall not be personally liable for the return or repayment of all or 
any portion of the capital (or appreciation thereof) of any Member, it being expressly agreed that 
any such return of capital or appreciation made pursuant to this Agreement shall be made solely 
from the assets of the Fund, without any right of contribution from the Manager. 
3.4 
Default by Members. 
3.4.1 
Upon the failure of a Member (a "Defaulting Member") to make all or any 
portion of its required Capital Contribution in accordance with Section 3.3 (the "Default 
Amount"), which failure is not cured within five (5) Business Days following notice from the 
Manager to the Defaulting Member of such failure (such occurrence, a "Default"), the Manager 
may in its sole discretion take one or more of the following actions: 
(i) 
cause any non-defaulting Member (each, a "Non-Defaulting Member") 
to advance the Default Amount on behalf of the Defaulting Member (provided that in no 
event shall the Manager cause any Non-Defaulting Member to make any such advance to 
a Defaulting Member if such advance would cause such Non-Defaulting Member to 
contribute capital to the Fund in excess of such Non-Defaulting Member's Capital 
Commitment), in which event (x) the amount so advanced shall be treated as a loan from 
such Non-Defaulting Member to the Defaulting Member, payable on demand and bearing 
interest at a rate equal to the lesser of (A) 12% per annum and (B) the highest rate 
allowable under applicable law, from the date the Default Amount was due, plus 
expenses of collection (including attorneys' fees), (y) any such loan shall be secured by 
the Capital Commitment of the Defaulting Member and the Defaulting Member's 
EFTA01394906
--- PAGE 14 ---
Interest, and (z) the Fund shall withhold all distributions that would otherwise be made to 
the Defaulting Member under this Agreement and pay such withheld amounts to such 
Non-Defaulting Member to offset the amount owed by the Defaulting Member to such 
Non-Defaulting Member under this clause (i); 
(ii) 
withhold all distributions (or portions thereof) that would otherwise be 
made to the Defaulting Member under this Agreement and apply such withheld 
distributions to offset the Defaulted Amount or other amounts owed by the Defaulting 
Member to the Fund; 
(iii) 
offer all or any portion of the Defaulting Member's Interest to the Non-
Defaulting Members or any other Person (including the Manager and its Affiliates), at 
such price and on such terms as the Manager deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, in 
which event the proceeds of the sale shall first be applied to the payment of the expenses 
of the sale, next to the payment of the amounts owed by such Defaulting Member to the 
Fund and/or any Non-Defaulting Member (including, but not limited to, amounts owed to 
any Non-Defaulting Member pursuant to clause (i) above), and the balance, if any, shall 
be remitted to the Defaulting Member; provided, however that if a shortfall exists 
between (x) the amount of the proceeds from any such sale and (y) an amount equal to 
the difference between (A) such Defaulting Member's Capital Commitment and (B) such 
Defaulting Member's Adjusted Capital Contribution, the Defaulting Member shall 
remain liable for such shortfall; 
(iv) 
declare the Defaulting Member's entire unfunded Capital Commitment 
to be immediately due and payable; 
(v) 
suspend all investment participation and other rights of the Defaulting 
Member; 
(vi) 
cause a complete or partial forfeiture of the Defaulting Member's 
Interest; and/or 
(vii) 
pursue and enforce all other rights and remedies which the Fund may 
have against the Defaulting Member at law or in equity. 
3.4.2 
Any Non-Defaulting Member or other Person acquiring a portion of the 
Defaulting Member's Interest shall assume the portion of the Defaulting Member's obligation to 
make both defaulted and future Capital Contributions pursuant to such Defaulting Member's 
Capital Commitment applicable to that portion of the Defaulting Member's Interest being 
acquired. 
3.4.3 
No right, power or remedy available to the Manager in this Section 3.4 shall be 
exclusive, and each such right, power or remedy shall be cumulative and in addition to any other 
right, power or remedy available at law or in equity. No course of dealing between the Manager 
or the Fund and any Defaulting Member, and no delay in exercising any right, power or remedy, 
shall operate as a waiver or otherwise prejudice the exercise of such right, power or remedy. 
3.4.4 
Each Member hereby consents to the application of the remedies provided in this 
Section 3.4 in recognition, in addition to actual damages suffered by the Fund or the other 
Members as the result of a Default by such Member, that the Fund may have no adequate remedy 
EFTA01394907
--- PAGE 15 ---
at law for a Default by a Member and that damages resulting from such Default may be 
impossible to ascertain at the time of such Default. 
3.4.5 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Manager may, 
but shall not be obligated to, waive any Default, permit a Default to be cured by a Defaulting 
Member or advance funds on behalf of a Defaulting Member without interest, on such terms and 
conditions as the Manager deems appropriate in its sole discretion. 
3.5 
Capital Accounts. A separate Capital Account shall be maintained for each Member on 
the books of the Fund and shall be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
3.6 
Return of Capital Contributions. No Member shall be entitled to receive any interest 
on its Capital Contributions except as specifically provided herein. The Members shall not have the right 
to demand return of their Capital Contributions, nor shall the Members have the right to demand and 
receive property other than cash in return for their Capital Contributions. 
4. 
DISTRIBUTIONS 
4.1 
Distributions Generally. Subject to the other provisions of this Article IV, the Manager 
shall cause the Fund to distribute to the Members any Distributable Proceeds received by the Fund within 
five (5) Business Days after the Fund's receipt thereof. 
4.2 
Distributions of Distributable Proceeds. 
4.2.1 
Any distribution of Distributable Proceeds pursuant to Section 4.1 shall be made 
as follows: 
(i) 
first, Distributable Proceeds shall be divided among all Members pro rata 
based on their respective Percentage Interests; 
(ii) 
second, the Distributable Proceeds apportioned to the Affiliated 
Members pursuant to clause (i) above shall be distributed to such Persons, and the 
Distributable Proceeds apportioned to each Unaffiliated Member pursuant to clause (i) 
above (the "Reapportionable Proceeds") shall be distributed between such Unaffiliated 
Member and the Manager as follows: 
(a) 
first, 100% to such Unaffiliated Member, until such Unaffiliated 
Member's Adjusted Capital Contribution is reduced to zero (0) by distributions 
made to such Unaffiliated Member pursuant to this clause (a) on or prior to such 
distribution date and unused capital returned to such Unaffiliated Member 
pursuant to Section 3.3.3 on or prior to such distribution date; 
(b) 
second, 100% to such Unaffiliated Member, until such 
Unaffiliated Member's Unpaid Preferred Return is reduced to zero (0); 
(c) 
third: 
(I) 
until the sum of the remaining Reapportionable Proceeds 
and the cumulative amount of all distributions made to such Unaffiliated 
Member pursuant to this clause (c)(I) is equal to the Hurdle Amount 
EFTA01394908
--- PAGE 16 ---
applicable to such Member determined as of such distribution date, 
100% to the Unaffiliated Member; 
(II) 
next, 100% to the Manager until the Manager has been 
distributed pursuant to this clause (c)(II) an amount equal to 25% of the 
aggregate amounts distributed pursuant to clause (c)(I) above and this 
clause (c)(II); and 
(III) 
thereafter, 75% to such Unaffiliated Member and 25% to 
the Manager (the aggregate amount distributable to the Manager 
pursuant to clause c(Il) above and this clause (c)(III), the "Carried 
Interest"). 
4.2.2 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any distribution made by the Fund 
prior to the one (1) year anniversary of the Closing Date, the Carried Interest calculation shall be 
made (in accordance with Section 4.2.1) as a percentage of the total dollar amount of the portion 
of Reapportionable Proceeds for such period that represents net investment profits (and not as a 
percentage of annualized net investment return for such period). 
4.2.3 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Manager may, in 
its sole discretion, reduce, waive or rebate the Carried Interest with respect to any Member, 
including, without limitation, Affiliated Members, in each case without entitling any other 
Member to the same or similar reduction, waiver or rebate, and shall not be required to obtain the 
consent or approval of, or give notice to, any Member in connection therewith. 
4.3 
Tax Distributions. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.2.1, prior to any 
distribution being made pursuant to Section 4.2.1, the Manager may cause the Fund to distribute to the 
Manager an amount equal to the sum of any taxable income of the Fund allocable to the Manager with 
respect to the applicable Fiscal Year on account of its entitlement to the Carried Interest, after taking into 
account all tax losses allocable to the Manager with respect to any Fiscal Year (to the extent that such tax 
losses have not previously been applied against taxable income allocable to the Manager with respect to 
such Fiscal Year or any prior Fiscal Year), multiplied by an assumed tax rate equal to (i) the highest 
combined marginal federal, state and local tax rate applicable to individuals residing in New York, New 
York, and (ii) to the extent applicable, the highest rates of tax imposed in respect of any self-employment 
and Medicare contribution tax, taking into account (A) taxable income classified for tax purposes as 
ordinary income and (B) taxable income classified for tax purposes as net long term capital gains 
(calculated in accordance with the Code). Distributions to the Manager pursuant to this Section 4.3 shall 
only be made to the extent that the Manager would not receive, for the applicable Fiscal Year, 
distributions pursuant to Section 4.2.1(c) in an amount equal to the amount described in this Section 4.3. 
Any amount distributed to the Manager pursuant to this Section 4.3 shall be treated as an advance against 
future Carried Interest distributions. 
4.4 
Limitations on Distributions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
herein, no distribution pursuant to this Agreement shall be made if the Manager determines, based on the 
opinion of reputable outside legal counsel, that such distribution would violate the LLC Law or any 
applicable law. The Manager's good faith determination of the restrictions and limitations set forth in the 
preceding sentence shall be final and conclusive as to all Members. If a distribution is suspended or 
delayed pursuant to this Section 4.4, then all amounts so retained by the Fund shall continue to be subject 
to all the liabilities of the Fund and such distribution shall be made promptly after the Manager 
reasonably determines that such payment restrictions and limitations are no longer in effect. 
EFTA01394909
--- PAGE 17 ---
4.5 
Withholding Taxes. The Fund shall comply with withholding requirements under any 
applicable law (including under FATCA) and shall remit amounts withheld to and file required forms 
with the applicable jurisdictions. If requested by the Manager, each Member shall deliver to the Manager: 
(i) an affidavit in form satisfactory to the Manager that the applicable Member is not subject to 
withholding under the provisions of any U.S. federal (including under FATCA), state, local, foreign or 
other law; (ii) any certificate that the Manager may reasonably request with respect to any such laws; 
and/or (iii) any other form or instrument reasonably requested by the Manager relating to any Member's 
status under AEOI. In the event that a Member fails or is unable to deliver to the Manager an affidavit 
described in clause (i) of this Section 4.5, the Manager will withhold amounts from such Member in 
accordance with the remainder of this provision. To the extent the Fund is required to withhold and pay 
over any amounts (including under FATCA) to any authority with respect to distributions or allocations to 
any Member, the amount withheld shall be treated as a distribution in the amount of the withholding to 
that Member. In the event of any claimed over-withholding, Members shall be limited to an action against 
the applicable jurisdiction. If the amount withheld was not withheld from actual distributions, the Fund 
may, at its option, (A) require the Member to reimburse the Fund for such withholding or (B) reduce any 
subsequent distributions by the amount of such withholding. Each Member shall indemnify the Manager 
and the Fund against any losses and liabilities (including interest and penalties) related to any withholding 
obligations with respect to allocations or distributions made to it by the Fund (unless such loss or liability 
resulted from the bad faith of the Manager) and any taxes imposed on the Fund due to such Member's 
non-compliance with AEOI. The provisions contained in this Section 4.5 shall survive the dissolution of 
the Fund, the withdrawal of any Member or the transfer or assignment of any Member's Interest. 
4.6 
Liability for Certain Taxes. If the Fund is subject to any tax, interest and penalties 
under Section 6225 of the BBA Audit Rules ("Tax Liabilities"), the Manager shall allocate among the 
Members any such Tax Liability in a manner it determines to be fair and equitable by deducting amounts 
from Capital Accounts or reducing amounts otherwise distributable to the Members, taking into account 
any modifications attributable to a Member pursuant to Section 6225(c) of the BBA Audit Rules (if 
applicable). To the extent that the Manager cannot allocate such Tax Liabilities through adjustments to 
Capital Accounts or distributions to the Members and to the extent that a portion of the Tax Liabilities 
imposed under Section 6225 of the BBA Audit Rules for a prior year relates to a former Member, the 
Members and former Members shall indemnify and hold harmless the Fund for their respective share of 
such amounts as determined by the Manager in accordance with the foregoing. 
Each Member 
acknowledges that, notwithstanding the transfer or withdrawal of all or any portion of its Interest, it may 
remain liable for Tax Liabilities with respect to its allocable share of income and gain of the Fund for the 
taxable years (or portions thereof) prior to such transfer or withdrawal, as applicable, under Section 6225 
of the BBA Audit Rules. 
5. 
ALLOCATIONS OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 
5.1 
Allocation of Profits and Losses. After giving effect to the allocations set forth in 
Section 5.2, items of Fund income, gain, loss, expense or deduction for any Fiscal Year or other allocation 
period shall be allocated to the Capital Accounts of the Members in such a manner that, as of the end of 
such Fiscal Year or other allocation period, the sum of (a) the Capital Account of each Member, (b) such 
Member's share of minimum gain (as determined according to Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)) 
and (c) such Member's partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain (as defined in Treasury Regulations 
Section l.704-2(i)(3)) shall be equal to the respective net amount, positive or negative, which would be 
distributed to such Member or for which such Member would be liable to the Fund under this Agreement, 
determined as if the Fund were to (x) liquidate its assets for an amount equal to their book values 
determined according to the rules of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)) and (y) distribute 
the proceeds of liquidation pursuant to Section 11.3(iv) as of the end of such Fiscal Year or other 
allocation period. Any decision regarding allocations to the Capital Accounts of the Members shall be 
EFTA01394910
--- PAGE 18 ---
made by the Manager in its reasonable discretion, taking into account such facts and circumstances as the 
Manager deems relevant for such allocation. 
5.2 
Regulatory Allocation Provisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article 
V: 
5.2.1 
If there is a net decrease in "partnership minimum gain" or "partner no: recourse 
debt minimum gain" (determined in accordance with the principles of Treasury Regulations 
Sections 1.704-2(d) and 1.704-2(i)) during any Fiscal Year, each Member shall be specially 
allocated items of Fund income and gain for such Fiscal Year (and, if necessary, subsequent 
years) in an amount equal to its respective share of such net decrease during such year, 
determined pursuant to Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704- 2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5). The items 
to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-
2(0. This Section 5.2.1 is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement in 
such Treasury Regulations Section and shall be interpreted consistently therewith, including that 
no chargeback shall be required to the extent of the exceptions provided in Treasury Regulations 
Sections 1.704-2(0 and 1.704-2(i)(4). 
5.2.2 
If any Member has an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit at the end of any Fiscal 
Year, items of Fund income and gain shall be specially allocated to such Member in an amount 
and manner sufficient to eliminate, to the extent required by the Treasury Regulations, the 
Adjusted Capital Account deficit of such Member as promptly as possible; provided that an 
allocation pursuant to this Section 5.2.2 shall be made only if and to the extent that a Member 
would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit in excess of such sum after all other allocations 
provided for in this Article V have been tentatively made as if this Section 5.2.2 were not in this 
Agreement. This Section 5.2.2 is intended to comply with the "qualified income offset" 
requirement of Section 704(b) of the Code. 
5.2.3 
Nonrecourse deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be allocated to the applicable 
Member by the Manager in its reasonable discretion. 
5.2.4 
Any partner nonrecourse deductions for any Fiscal Year shall be specially 
allocated to the Member who bears the economic risk of loss with respect to the partner 
nonrecourse debt to which such partner nonrecourse deductions are attributable in accordance 
with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(1). 
5.2.5 
Any special allocations pursuant to this Section 5.2 shall be taken into account in 
computing subsequent allocations pursuant to Section 5.1 and this Section 5.2 so that the net 
amount of any items so allocated and all other items allocated to each Member shall, to the extent 
possible, be equal to the net amount that would have been allocated to each Member if such 
allocations had not occurred. 
5.2.6 
Except to the extent otherwise required by the Code and Treasury Regulations, if 
an Interest in the Fund or part thereof is transferred in any Fiscal Year, the items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction and credit allocable to such Interest for such Fiscal Year shall be allocated to the 
Person who held such Interest on the date such items were realized or incurred by the Fund, using 
any method selected by the Manager. The Manager may, in its reasonable discretion, make the 
election provided for in Section 754 of the Code upon the request of the transferor, provided that 
such transferor timely furnishes the Manager with all required information necessary to make 
and/or properly reflect said election. 
EFTA01394911
--- PAGE 19 ---
6. 
FEES AND EXPENSES 
6.1 
Expenses. 
6.1.1 
The Fund shall pay all expenses incurred in connection with the organization of 
the Fund (and any Investment Vehicle) and the offering of the Interests, up to an aggregate 
amount of $125,000, provided that such limit may be increased or waived with the consent of a 
Majority-in-Interest of the Members. Any organization and offering expenses in excess of such 
cap shall be borne by the Manager. These organizational and offering expenses include, without 
limitation, formation costs, offering expenses, expenses associated with preparation of this 
Agreement, the Confidential Offering Memorandum and other Fund-related documents (but 
excluding all expenses associated with the negotiation of any Fund-related documents or side 
letters with investors), legal, accounting, filing, printing, travel, capital raising, government filing, 
regulatory compliance and other organizational expenses ordinarily associated with the 
organization of an investment vehicle such as the Fund. 
6.1.2 
The Fund shall pay all of its (and any Investment Vehicle's) ordinary and 
extraordinary operating expenses, including (i) any interest, fees, and costs of Fund-related 
borrowings; (ii) operational costs ordinarily associated with the operation of an investment 
vehicle such as the Fund, such as legal, accounting, bookkeeping, auditing, consulting and other 
professional expenses, administration and tax preparation expenses, all taxes (if any), costs and 
expenses related to regulatory compliance matters, and fees payable to governments or agencies 
(including, without limitation, annual Cayman Islands registration and registered office fees); (iii) 
its pro rata portion of any insurance costs, including directors and officers insurance and errors 
and omissions insurance; (iv) expenses incurred in connection with the collection of monies owed 
to the Fund; (v) the costs of any reporting to investors and meetings with investors; (vi) the cost 
of maintaining the Fund's books and records; (vii) expenses incurred in connection with the 
dissolution, liquidation, and termination of the Fund; (viii) expenses of any administrative 
proceedings undertaken by the Manager in its capacity as the Fund's "partnership representative"; 
(ix) the Fund's pro rata portion of any regulatory and compliance costs incurred by the Manager 
related to the Fund, including, but not limited to, preparation and filing of the SEC Form ADV 
and the preparation and/or submission of other required regulatory filings; and (x) extraordinary 
expenses, such as litigation and indemnification expenses (including any judgments or 
settlements paid in connection therewith) involving the Fund or any of its investments, if any. 
6.1.3 
The Fund shall pay all of its (and any Investment Vehicle's) investment-related 
expenses, meaning all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the execution of the Fund's 
investment strategy and the acquisition, holding and Disposition of the Fund's investments, 
including, but not limited to, legal expenses (including costs associated with the preparation and 
conduct of litigation proceedings related to the implementation of the Fund's investment 
strategy), tender fees, custodian fees, and investment-related travel expenses (e.g., meeting with 
representatives of the financial guarantors of the Bonds in person to negotiate a settlement). 
6.1.4 
All expenses of the Fund noted above incurred by the Manager in connection 
with the exercise of its duties to the Fund shall be paid or reimbursed by the Fund, subject to the 
cap set forth in Section 6.1.1. Such expenses may be advanced by the Manager, in which event 
the Fund shall reimburse or otherwise compensate the Manager for these expenses over such 
period as the Manager shall determine in its sole discretion. 
EFTA01394912
--- PAGE 20 ---
7. 
MANAGEMENT 
7.1 
Management of Fund Business. The Fund shall be managed, and the conduct of the 
Fund's business shall be controlled and conducted solely by, a manager (the "Manager") appointed in 
accordance with this Agreement. The initial Manager shall be ESM Management LLC. The Manager 
may admit additional Managers of the Fund or successor Manager(s) of the Fund, which additional or 
successor Manager(s) may be Affiliates of ESM Management LLC or, with the consent of a Majority-in-
Interest of the Members, may be unaffiliated third parties. The Manager shall be required to devote to the 
conduct of the business of the Fund such time and attention as it determines in its reasonable discretion to 
be necessary to accomplish the purposes and to conduct the business of the Fund. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Manager shall not be precluded from engaging in other activities or business ventures of 
any kind. Except to the extent required by nonwaivable provisions of any applicable laws, the Members 
acknowledge and agree that (i) the Manager shall have no duties (including, but not limited to, any 
fiduciary duties) to the Fund and/or any Members other than those duties expressly described herein and 
the Manager's implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and (ii) so long as the Manager 
acts in a manner consistent with the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing and with 
the express provisions of this Agreement, the Manager shall not be in breach of any duties (including 
fiduciary duties) in respect of the Fund and/or any Member otherwise applicable at law or in equity. The 
provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they expand, restrict or eliminate the duties and liabilities 
of the Manager otherwise existing at law or in equity, are agreed by the Members to replace fully and 
completely such other duties and liabilities of the Manager. Subject to the foregoing but notwithstanding 
any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary or other applicable provision at law or in equity, 
whenever in this Agreement the Manager is permitted or required to make a decision or take an action (i) 
in its discretion or under a similar grant of authority or latitude, in making such decision or taking such 
action, the Manager shall be entitled to take into account its own interests and the interests of its 
Affiliates, as well as the interests of the Members as a whole, or (ii) in "good faith" or under another 
expressed standard, the Manager shall act under such express standard and shall not be subject to any 
other or different standard. 
7.2 
Removal of Manager. The Manager may only be removed from such position due to the 
Manager's withdrawal or resignation, or by a Majority-in-Interest of the Members in accordance with the 
provisions of this Section 7.2. The Manager shall have the authority to withdraw or otherwise resign 
from the Fund at any time upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to the Fund, and any such 
resignation by the Manager shall not result in the dissolution of the Fund. A Majority-in-Interest of the 
Members may remove the Manager as manager of the Fund and appoint a new manager to the Fund (the 
"Substitute Manager") (i) if the Manager engages in any conduct that constitutes Cause or (ii) if a Key 
Person Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to both Key Persons. In the event that the 
Manager is so removed, or withdraws or resigns, the Manager shall no longer be entitled to receive any 
Carried Interest. 
7.3 
Powers of the Manager. 
7.3.1 
The Manager shall have all rights and powers of a manager under the LLC Law 
and shall have and may exercise on behalf of the Fund all powers and rights necessary, proper, 
convenient or advisable to effectuate and carry out the purposes, business and objectives of the 
Fund and as permitted under the LLC Law• provided, however, that the Manager may, subject to 
Section 7.3.2, delegate its administrative, investment or other responsibilities, and the costs and 
expenses related thereto, to one or more appropriate designees. 
7.3.2 
Subject to any and all limitations expressly set forth in this Agreement, the 
Manager shall perform or cause to be performed all administrative, management and operational 
EFTA01394913
--- PAGE 21 ---
functions relating to the business of the Fund that are necessary or advisable to carry out the 
purposes of this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Manager or 
such other Person as the Manager may employ or retain, subject to such limitations, is expressly 
authorized on behalf of the Fund to: 
(i) 
expend the capital and revenues of the Fund in furtherance of the purpose 
of the Fund as set forth in Section 1.3; 
(ii) 
open, maintain, conduct and close, in the name of the Fund, investment 
and trading accounts, bank accounts, and to draw checks or other orders for the payment 
of money; 
(iii) 
make, execute, acknowledge and deliver such agreements, contracts and 
documents as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the investment program of the 
Fund; 
(iv) 
borrow money to acquire investments, and pledge assets of the Fund in 
support of any financing; 
(v) 
make, or designate and appoint other Persons to make, directly or 
indirectly, all or any portion of the trading and investment decisions of the Fund, 
including Affiliates of the Manager, for the purposes set forth in this Agreement; 
provided that any delegation of investment authority shall require the consent of a 
Majority-in-Interest of the Members; 
(vi) 
enter into agreements and contracts with third parties, terminate such 
agreements, and institute, defend and settle litigation arising therefrom, and give receipts, 
releases and discharges with respect to all of the foregoing and any matters incidental 
thereto; 
(vii) 
purchase and maintain insurance, at the cost and expense of the Fund, on 
behalf of any one or more Person(s) against any liability that may be asserted against or 
expenses that may be incurred by such Person(s) in connection with the activities of the 
Fund, regardless of whether the Fund would have the power to indemnify any such 
Person(s) against such liability under the provisions of this Agreement; 
(viii) 
maintain adequate records and accounts of all operations and 
expenditures and furnish the Members with the reports required hereunder; 
(ix) 
take and hold all property of the Fund, real, personal and mixed, in the 
name of the Fund, or in the name of a nominee authorized by the Manager; 
(x) 
enter into one or more customer agreements with one or more U.S. or 
non-U.S. dealers or brokers (including dealers or brokers that are Affiliates of the 
Manager) ("Brokers"); 
(xi) 
execute for and on behalf of the Fund any filing, notice, form or other 
document under any applicable securities law and take any additional action as it shall 
deem necessary or desirable to effectuate the offering of Interests; 
EFTA01394914
--- PAGE 22 ---
(xii) 
sell, lease, exchange or otherwise dispose all or any portion of the 
property of the Fund; 
(xiii) 
employ or engage advisors, consultants, experts, professionals, 
accountants, administrators, valuation agents, auditors, attorneys, Brokers, banks and 
other financial institutions, engineers, custodians, escrow agents, selling and placement 
agents and/or any other third parties, including Affiliates of the Manager, deemed 
necessary by the Manager, and terminate such employment or engagement; 
(xiv) 
pay, extend, renew, modify, adjust, submit to arbitration, prosecute, 
defend or compromise, upon such terms as it may determine and upon such evidence as it 
may deem sufficient, any obligation, suit, liability, cause of action or claim, including 
taxes, either in favor of or against the Fund; 
(xv) 
pay any and all fees and make any and all expenditures that it, in its 
reasonable discretion, deems necessary or appropriate in connection with the organization 
of the Fund, the offering and sale of the Interests, the management of the affairs of the 
Fund or, the investment and maintenance of the assets of the Fund and the carrying out of 
its obligations and responsibilities under this Agreement; 
(xvi) 
pay any and all reasonable fees and make any and all reasonable 
expenditures to an affiliated entity that it, in its reasonable discretion, deems necessary or 
appropriate in connection with the administration of the Fund; 
(xvii) admit a Transferee or other recipient of a Member's Interest to be a 
Substituted Member pursuant to and subject to the terms of Article X, without the 
consent of any Member; 
(xviii) determine the accounting methods and conventions to be used in the 
preparation of the Fund's tax returns, and make such elections under the tax laws of the 
United States, the several states and other relevant jurisdictions as to the treatment of 
items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the Fund, or any other method or 
procedure related to the preparation of such returns; 
(xix) 
be designated and act as the "tax matters partner" or "partnership 
representative," as applicable, of the Fund under the Code, to which designation each 
Member hereby consents as an express condition of being admitted to the Fund, and, in 
such capacity, participate in an audit of the Fund's return of income and consent to 
assessments by the auditing agent that may be adverse to the Members or the Fund, and, 
in connection therewith, negotiate, settle and make agreements and adjustments with 
respect to the tax returns of the Fund binding upon the Members; 
(xx) 
make (and if made, revoke) such elections as it may deem appropriate 
under any provision of the Code, including without limitation an election under Section 
6226 of the BBA Audit Rules. Each of the Members shall, upon request, supply the 
information necessary to properly give effect to such election or necessary for any other 
tax purpose; 
(xxi) 
subject to Section 7.5, prior to the termination of the Fund, form a new 
limited partnership, limited liability company or other entity the investment policies of 
which are substantially the same as those of the Fund; 
EFTA01394915
--- PAGE 23 ---
(xxii) pay or authorize the payment of distributions to the Members; 
(xxiii) prosecute, defend, settle or compromise actions or claims at law or in 
equity at the expense of the Fund as may be necessary or proper to enforce or protect the 
interests of the Fund, and satisfy any judgment, decree or decision of any court, board or 
authority having jurisdiction or any settlement of any suit or claim prior to judgment or 
final decision thereon, first, out of any insurance proceeds available therefor, and then, 
out of the Fund's; and 
(xxiv) make, execute, sign, acknowledge, swear to, record and file (i) this 
Agreement and any amendment to this Agreement, (ii) the Registration Statement and all 
amendments thereto required or permitted by law or the provisions of this Agreement, 
(iii) all certificates and other instruments deemed advisable by the Manager to carry out 
the provisions of this Agreement and applicable law or to permit the Fund to become or 
to continue as a limited liability company wherein the Members have limited liability in a 
jurisdiction where the Fund may be doing business, (iv) all instruments that the Manager 
deems appropriate to reflect a change or modification of this Agreement or the Fund in 
accordance with this Agreement, including, without limitation, the substitution of 
Transferees as Substituted Members pursuant to Section 10.3 and amendments to this 
Agreement, (v) all conveyances and other instruments or papers deemed advisable by the 
Manager to effect the winding up and dissolution of the Fund, (vi) all fictitious or 
assumed name certificates required or permitted to be filed on behalf of the Fund, and 
(vii) all other instruments or papers that may be required or permitted by law to be filed 
on behalf of the Fund. 
The fact that the Manager or one or more of the Members has a direct or indirect interest in or is 
connected, directly or indirectly, with any Person with which the Fund may have dealings, including, but 
not limited to, any Person that renders investment advisory, brokerage, custodial, share transfer or related 
services, shall not preclude such dealings or make them void or voidable, and neither the Fund nor any of 
the Members shall have any rights in or to such dealings or any profits derived therefrom. 
7.4 
Other Businesses. Subject to Section 7.5, the Manager and any Member, or any 
stockholder, officer, director, member, manager, partner, Affiliate or agent of the Manager or any 
Member, may engage in or possess any interest in other business ventures of any kind, nature or 
description, independently or with others, including but not limited to investments in, and financing, 
acquiring and disposing of, financial instruments, providing investment advisory or asset management 
services, investments and management counseling, brokerage services, or serving as officers, directors, 
advisors or agents of other companies, whether such ventures are competitive with the Fund or otherwise, 
and neither the Fund nor the Members shall have any rights or obligations by virtue of this Agreement or 
the relationship created hereby in or to such independent ventures or the income or profits or losses 
derived therefrom. The Manager and its Affiliates may also give advice or take action with respect to its 
own account or any other third party that may differ from or be opposite from advice given or the timing 
or nature of action taken with respect the Fund. 
7.5 
Exclusivity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, until such time 
when the Manager determines to dissolve the Fund, any investment opportunity to acquire the Bonds that 
is presented to or originated by the Manager and its Affiliates shall be offered solely to the Fund, except 
for any Bonds currently held by the ESM Fund and any follow-on investment related to such holdings 
(i.e., any additional investment by the ESM Fund in the same class and series of the Bonds currently held 
by the ESM Fund). 
EFTA01394916
--- PAGE 24 ---
7.6 
Liability and Indemnification. 
7.6.1 
Neither the Manager nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of its or their respective 
principals, managers, members, partners, officers, directors, employees, equity holders, agents or 
other applicable representatives (collectively, the "Manager Parties") shall be liable, responsible 
or accountable in damages or otherwise (including for any loss due to the action or inaction of 
any Person retained by the Fund) to the Fund or any Member, or any of their respective Affiliates, 
principals, managers, members, officers, directors, employees, equity holders, agents or other 
applicable representatives or any of their respective successors, assignees or transferees, or to 
third parties for any act or omission performed or omitted by them on behalf of the Fund and in a 
manner reasonably believed by them to be within the scope of the authority granted to them by 
this Agreement except when such action or failure to act is found by a court of competent 
jurisdiction to have been the result of such Manager Party's fraud, gross negligence (as such term 
is construed under the laws of the State of Delaware), willful misconduct or material breach of 
this Agreement in the performance or non-performance of its duties to the Fund. The Manager 
Parties may consult with counsel and accountants in respect of the Fund's affairs and be fully 
protected and justified in any action or inaction which is taken in good faith and in accordance 
with the information, reports, statements, advice or opinion provided by such Persons. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall in any way constitute a waiver or 
limitation of any rights which the Members may have under any applicable securities laws, 
ERISA or the LLC Law. 
7.6.2 
Subject to Section 7.6.3, the Fund shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless 
each Manager Party from and against any and all losses, damages, obligations, penalties, claims, 
actions, suits, judgments, settlements, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including, without 
limitation, reasonable attorneys' and accountants' fees, as well as other costs and expenses 
incurred in connection with the defense of any actual or threatened action or proceeding) and 
amounts paid in settlement of any claims (collectively, "Damages") suffered or sustained by such 
Manager Party as a result of or in connection with any act or omission by such Manager Party 
under this Agreement or otherwise on behalf of the Fund; provided however that such indemnity 
shall be payable only if such Manager Party in good faith acted or failed to act in a manner it 
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Fund (as determined by 
the Manager), and such Damages were not found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
been the result of such Manager Party's fraud, gross negligence (as such term is construed under 
the laws of the State of Delaware), willful misconduct or material breach of this Agreement in the 
performance or non-performance of its duties to the Fund, and in the case of criminal 
proceedings, that such Manager Party had no reasonable cause to believe was unlawful. The 
Manager may, in its sole discretion, cause the Fund to advance to any Person entitled to 
indemnification hereunder reasonable attorney's fees and other costs and expenses incurred in 
connection with the defense of any action or proceeding which arises out of such conduct, 
provided that all such advances will be promptly repaid if it is subsequently determined that the 
Person receiving such advance was not entitled to indemnification hereunder. Any indemnity 
under this Section 7.6.2 shall be paid from, and only to the extent of, the Fund's assets, and no 
Member shall have any personal liability on account thereof. 
7.6.3 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (i) no Manager Party 
shall be entitled to any indemnification or advance from the Fund in connection with any dispute 
between such Manager Party and another Manager Party, and (ii) if a Manager Party is insured by 
an insurer under any insurance policy obtained by the Fund pursuant to Section 7.3.2(vii) of this 
Agreement for any liabilities, expenses or other losses as to which such Manager Party also 
would be entitled to be indemnified by the Fund pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this 
EFTA01394917
--- PAGE 25 ---
Section 7.6, such Manager Party shall first use commercially reasonable efforts to pursue its 
rights or remedies with respect to indemnification, advancement or insurance provided by such 
insurer before the Fund is required to makes any indemnification payment or advance to such 
Manager Party, and the amount of any indemnification to which such Manager Party is entitled 
under Section 7.6.2 shall be reduced by the amount of any such insurance proceeds actually 
received and entitled to be retained by such Manager Party, to the extent that such proceeds or 
payment are on account of the same matter, transaction or state of affairs in respect of which such 
indemnification relates. 
7.6.4 
All rights to indemnification permitted in this Agreement and payment of 
associated expenses shall not be affected by the termination and dissolution of the Fund or the 
removal, resignation, withdrawal, insolvency, bankruptcy, termination, or dissolution of the 
Manager. 
7.7 
Determination by the Manager of Certain Matters. Notwithstanding any provisions 
to the contrary in this Agreement, all matters concerning the valuation of the Fund's investments, the 
allocation of profits and losses among the Members (including the taxes thereon) and accounting 
procedures shall be determined by the Manager or its designee, in its reasonable discretion, the 
determination of which shall be final and conclusive as to all the Members. In addition to the foregoing, 
the Manager shall be authorized, without the need to obtain the consent of the Members, to make such 
allocations of tax items of the Fund, and such adjustments to the Members' Capital Accounts, as the 
Manager deems necessary or desirable to enable the Fund's allocations and maintenance of capital 
accounts for the Members pursuant to this Agreement to comply with the provisions of Section 704(b) 
and Section 704(c) of the Code and any Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. The Manager 
shall be entitled to consult with, and rely upon the advice of, the Fund's accountants, administrators (if 
any), agents or attorneys with respect to the matters referred to in this Section 7.7 and shall incur no 
liability in connection with any such allocations or adjustments made in reliance thereon. In addition, no 
such allocations or adjustments shall give rise to any claim or cause of action by any Member. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Section 7.7 and any other provision hereof, the 
provisions of this Section 7.7 shall control. 
7.8 
Conflicts Derived by Dual Status of the Manager. In the event of any inconsistency or 
conflict between the rights and obligations of the Manager as a manager and as a Member under this 
Agreement, the rights and obligations of the Manager as a manager shall control. 
8. 
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE MEMBERS 
8.1 
Limitations on the Members. No Member shall: (i) be permitted to take part in the 
management or control of the business or affairs of the Fund, (ii) have any voice in the management or 
operation of any property, (iii) except as provided in Section 7.2, have the power to remove the Manager, 
(iv) except as provided in Section 11.1, have the power to influence the management of the Fund, whether 
by voting or approval rights or by changing or altering any Section of this Agreement, including this 
Section 8.1 or Section 12.1, by vote, consent or otherwise, or (v) have the authority or power in its 
capacity as a Member to act as agent for or on behalf of the Fund, or any other Member, to do any act 
which would be binding on the Fund, or any other Member, or to incur any expenditures on behalf of or 
with respect to the Fund. 
8.2 
Liability of the Members. The liability of each Member for the losses, debts and 
obligations of the Fund shall be limited to such Member's Capital Contributions to, any unfunded Capital 
Commitment with respect to, and share of any undistributed assets of, the Fund, except to the extent 
EFTA01394918
--- PAGE 26 ---
required by this Agreement or applicable law. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Members shall each be 
liable for the return to the Fund of any amounts that were distributed to such Member in error. 
8.3 
Consents. If the consent of any Member to any action of the Fund, the Manager or any 
Member, as contemplated by this Agreement (including, but not limited to, any consent contemplated by 
Section 12.1), is solicited by the Manager, the consent of each Member so solicited shall be deemed 
conclusively to have been cast or granted as requested in the notice of solicitation, unless such Member 
deliver to the Fund its express written objection to the consent within twenty (20) calendar days after such 
Member's receipt of the notice of solicitation. The Manager and all Persons dealing with the Fund shall 
be entitled to act in reliance on any consent which is deemed granted pursuant to this Section 8.3 and shall 
be fully indemnified by the Fund in so doing. 
9. 
BOOKS, RECORDS AND REPORTS 
9.1 
Books and Records. The Manager shall cause the Fund to keep complete and accurate 
books of the accounts with respect to the Fund's operations. The Manager shall permit each Member to 
inspect the books and records of the Fund for any purpose reasonably related to such Member's interest as 
a Member at any reasonable time during normal business hours and upon reasonable advanced written 
notice; provided, however that the Manager shall have the right to keep confidential from the Members 
any information that the Fund or the Manager is required by law or agreement with a third party to keep 
confidential. 
9.2 
Accounting Basis. The Fiscal Year of the Fund shall begin on the 1st day of January and 
end on the 31st day of December of each year (the "Fiscal Year")• provided, however, that the first Fiscal 
Year of the Fund shall commence on September 
2018 and shall end on December 31, 2018. The 
Fiscal Year in which the Fund shall dissolve shall begin on January 1 and end on the date of dissolution 
of the Fund. Fund books shall be kept in accordance with the accounting methods selected by the 
Manager. Financial reports shall be on an accrual basis and shall be prepared in accordance with U.S. 
generally accepted accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP") with such adjustments deemed necessary or 
advisable by the Manager. In the sole discretion of the Manager, the books of account and records of the 
Fund shall be audited as of the end of each Fiscal Year by an independent certified public accountant 
selected by the Manager. 
9.3 
Reports. 
9.3.1 
The Manager shall cause to be provided to each Member each year an annual 
report containing financial statements prepared by an independent certified public accountant 
selected by the Manager with respect to the prior Fiscal Year as soon as practicable following the 
end of the Fiscal Year to which it relates. 
9.3.2 
In addition, the Manager may cause the Fund to provide to the Members such 
other information and/or reports as determined by the Manager in its sole discretion. 
9.4 
Tax Information. As soon as practicable after the close of each Fiscal Year, the 
Manager shall cause to be delivered to each Member and each other Member who was a Member during 
such Fiscal Year such information as shall be necessary for preparation of the Member's income tax 
returns. Each Member agrees to provide the Manager with any information reasonably requested by the 
Manager in connection with the preparation of the Fund's tax returns. 
10. 
TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
EFTA01394919
--- PAGE 27 ---
10.1 
Restrictions on Transfers of Interest. 
10.1.1 No sale, transfer, pledge, charge, hypothecation, exchange, assignment or other 
disposal of, and no creation of a derivative or security interest with respect to, any portion of a 
Member's Interest, whether directly or indirectly (each, a "Transfer"), may be made without the 
prior written consent of the Manager, which consent may be granted or withheld in the sole 
discretion of the Manager; provided however that a Transfer between a Member and its 
Affiliates shall be permitted without requiring the prior consent of the Manager (but with notice 
to the Manager). Any act by a Member in violation of this Section 10.1 shall be void ab initio and 
not be binding upon or recognized by the Fund (regardless of whether the Manager has 
knowledge thereof), unless approved or consented to in writing by the Manager. 
10.1.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no Transfer of a 
Member's Interest shall be made unless the Manager has been satisfied that: 
(i) 
when added to the total of all other Transfers of Interests within the 
preceding twelve months, it would not result in the Fund being considered to have 
terminated for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) 
it would not violate any applicable securities laws including any investor 
suitability standards applicable to the Fund or the Interest that is the subject of the 
Transfer; 
(iii) 
it would not cause the Fund to lose its status as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes; and 
(iv) 
it would not otherwise adversely affect the status of the Fund under any 
applicable law. 
10.1.3 Each Member Transferring its Interest shall pay all reasonable expenses, 
including attorneys' fees, incurred by the Fund in connection with such Transfer, if approved as 
provided herein. 
10.1.4 The Transfer of a Member's Interest and the admission of a Substituted Member 
shall not be cause for dissolution of the Fund. 
10.2 
Assignees. 
10.2.1 The Fund shall not recognize for any purpose any purported Transfer of an 
Interest of a Member unless all the provisions of this Agreement shall have been complied with 
and there shall have been filed with the Fund a notification of such Transfer, in form satisfactory 
to the Manager, executed and acknowledged by both the Member requesting the Transfer (the 
"Transferor") and the other party to the proposed Transfer (the "Transferee"), and such 
notification (i) contains the acceptance by the Transferee of all of the terms and provisions of this 
Agreement and of the Fund's Subscription Agreement and related documents approved by the 
Manager, if applicable, and (ii) represents that such Transfer was made in accordance with all 
applicable laws and regulations. Any Transfer shall be recognized by the Fund as effective only 
as of such date as shall be designated by the Fund as reasonably convenient for it. 
10.2.2 The Transferee of a Member's Interest, unless and until admitted as a Substituted 
Member in such Member's stead in the sole discretion of the Manager, shall not have any 
EFTA01394920
--- PAGE 28 ---
statutory or other rights of the Transferor under any applicable law or this Agreement, other than 
the right to receive distributions with respect to the Interest that is the subject of the Transfer. 
Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, both the Fund and the Manager shall be entitled 
to treat the Transferor as the absolute owner of such Interest in all respects, and shall incur no 
liability for distributions made in good faith to it, until such time as the requirements of this 
Article X have been fulfilled. 
10.3 
Substituted Members. 
10.3.1 No Member shall have the right to substitute a Transferee, donee, heir, legatee, 
distributee or other recipient of such Member's Interest as a Member in its place. Any such 
Transferee, donee, heir, legatee, distributee or other recipient of an Interest (whether pursuant to a 
voluntary or involuntary transfer) shall be admitted to the Fund as a "Substituted Member" only 
(i) with the prior written consent of the Manager, which consent may be granted or withheld in 
the sole discretion of the Manager, (ii) by satisfying the other requirements of this Article X and 
(iii) upon an amendment to this Agreement recorded in the proper records of each jurisdiction in 
which such recordation is necessary to qualify the Fund to conduct business or to preserve the 
limited liability of the Members. Any such consent by the Manager may be evidenced by the 
execution by the Manager of an amendment to this Agreement evidencing the admission of such 
Person as a Substituted Member or such other document as may be determined by the Manager. 
The Members hereby consent and agree to such admission of a Substituted Member by the 
Manager, and agree that the Manager may, on behalf of each Member and on behalf of the Fund, 
cause the books and records of the Fund to be updated to appropriately reflect such admission, in 
the event of such admission. 
10.3.2 Each Substituted Member, as a condition to its admission as a Substituted 
Member, shall execute and acknowledge such instruments, in form and substance satisfactory to 
the Manager, as the Manager deems necessary or desirable to effectuate such admission and to 
confirm the agreement of the Substituted Member to be bound by all the terms and provisions of 
this Agreement. Further, each Member agrees, upon the request of the Manager, to execute such 
certificates or other documents and perform such acts as the Manager deems appropriate to 
preserve the limited liability status of the Fund under the laws of any jurisdiction in which the 
Fund is doing business after the completion of any Transfer of Interest. 
10.3.3 Each Member hereby agrees to indemnify the Fund and each other Member 
against any loss, damage, cost or expense (including, without limitation, tax liabilities or loss of 
tax benefits) arising directly or indirectly as a result of any Transfer or proposed Transfer by such 
Member in violation of this Article X. 
10.4 
Transfer of Interests by the Manager. To the extent permissible under applicable law, 
nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent the merger of the Manager with another 
corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership or other entity, the reorganization of the 
Manager into or with any other corporation, limited liability company, limited partnership or other entity, 
the transfer of all equity interests in, or all or substantially all of the assets of, the Manager, the transfer of 
the Manager's Interest or the assumption of the rights, duties (including status as the general partner of 
the Fund) and liabilities of the Manager by, in the case of a merger, reorganization or consolidation, the 
surviving entity by operation of law or, in the case of a transfer of equity interests in or assets of the 
Manager or the Manager's Interest, the transferee of such equity interests or assets or Interest. The 
Manager shall make all filings with the Registrar as may be required in order to effect any Transfer of its 
Interest in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. 
EFTA01394921
--- PAGE 29 ---
10.5 
Withdrawals. 
10.5.1 A Member does not have the right to voluntarily withdraw from the Fund, 
withdraw any portion of its Capital Account or terminate its Capital Commitment. 
10.5.2 At any time, the Manager may require any Member to terminate or reduce its 
Capital Commitment and withdraw all or a portion of its Interest from the Fund if (i) the Manager 
reasonably believes that such Member acquired an Interest as a result of a misrepresentation, (ii) 
such Member is a "benefit plan investor" (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations) and 
such withdrawal is necessary for the assets of the Fund not to be treated as "plan assets" under 
ERISA, or (iii) if the Manager reasonably believes that such Member's ownership of an Interest 
would cause the Fund, the Manager, such Member or any other Member to be in violation of any 
applicable laws or regulations. The Member thus designated shall withdraw from the Fund or 
withdraw that portion of such Member's Interest specified by the Manager, as the case may be, as 
of the close of business on such date as is determined by the Manager. 
10.5.3 In the event a Member withdraws all or a portion of its Interest from the Fund 
pursuant to Section 10.5.2, the Fund shall pay such withdrawing Member an amount equal to the 
Fair Market Value of such Member's Interest as of the date of such withdrawal with respect to the 
Interest (or portions thereof being withdrawn). Such amount shall be paid without interest within 
120 days after the Manager's determination to cause such Member to withdraw; provided,
however, such payment shall not be made during any time that such payment would cause 
hardship to the Fund. The Manager shall have sole discretion to make the distribution in respect 
of the Interest of a withdrawing Member in cash or in kind. The Manager may withhold or delay 
from distribution (but in no event for longer than one year) any assets the distribution of which 
would, in the Manager's reasonable discretion, cause hardship to the Fund or to the issuer of any 
securities to be distributed in kind. The Fund's books and records shall be revised to reflect such 
withdrawal and in the case of a complete withdrawal from the Fund the withdrawing Member 
shall no longer be considered a Member for purposes of this Agreement. 
10.5.4 The Manager may, in its sole discretion, waive or modify any of the requirements 
and restrictions regarding withdrawals contained in this Agreement with respect to any Member, 
including, without limitation, Affiliated Members, without having to give any other Member 
notice of, and without entitling any other Member to, such a waiver or modification. 
11. 
WINDING UP, DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION OF THE FUND 
11.1 
Winding UP. The Fund shall be wound up upon the happening of any of the following 
events: (i) the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Fund; (ii) an election by the Manager to terminate the Fund 
that has been approved by a Majority-in-Interest of the Members; (iii) a termination required by operation 
of law, (iv) an election by a Majority-in-Interest of the Members to wind up the Fund that is delivered in 
writing to the Manager within ninety (90) days following the two (2) year anniversary of the date on 
which the Tender Offer for the Bonds was completed, in the event a Complete Disposition Event has not 
occurred by such anniversary date; and (v) an election by a Majority-in-Interest of the Members to wind 
up the Fund that is delivered in writing to the Manager within ninety (90) days following the three month 
anniversary of the Closing Date, in the event the Fund fails to acquire Bonds with aggregate face value of 
at least $50,000,000 during the Tender Offer and in any event by such date. 
11.2 
Procedure for Dissolution. 
EFTA01394922
--- PAGE 30 ---
11.2.1 In the event of the winding up of the Fund for any reason, the Manager or a 
liquidator appointed by the Manager (the Manager or such liquidator hereinafter referred to as the 
"Liquidator") shall commence to wind up the affairs of the Fund and to liquidate the Fund's 
assets. The Members shall continue to share all income, losses and distributions of the Fund 
during the period of liquidation in accordance with Articles IV and V. The Liquidator shall have 
full right and unlimited discretion to determine the time, manner and terms of any sale or sales of 
Fund property pursuant to such liquidation, giving due regard to the activity and condition of the 
relevant market and general financial and economic conditions. 
11.2.2 The Liquidator shall have all of the rights and powers with respect to the assets 
and liabilities of the Fund in connection with the liquidation and termination of the Fund that the 
Manager would have with respect to the assets and liabilities of the Fund during the term of the 
Fund, and the Liquidator is hereby expressly authorized and empowered to execute any and all 
documents necessary or desirable to effectuate the liquidation and termination of the Fund and the 
transfer of any of the Fund's assets. 
11.2.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Liquidator which is not the Manager shall not 
be deemed a Member in this Fund and shall not have any of the economic interests in the Fund of 
a Member; and such Liquidator shall be compensated for its services to the Fund at normal, 
customary and competitive rates for its services to the Fund. 
11.3 
Distributions at Liquidation. The Liquidator shall, as soon as practicable following the 
event giving rise to the winding up, dissolution and termination of the Fund, wind up the affairs of the 
Fund and sell and/or distribute the assets of the Fund. The assets of the Fund shall be applied in the 
following order of priority: 
(i) 
first, to pay the costs and expenses of the winding up, liquidation and 
termination of the Fund; 
(ii) 
second, to creditors of the Fund in the order of priority provided by law; 
(iii) 
third, to establish Reserves adequate to meet any and all contingent or 
unforeseen liabilities or obligations of the Fund; provided that at the expiration of such 
period of time as the Liquidator may deem advisable, the balance of such Reserves 
remaining after the payment of such contingencies or liabilities shall be distributed as 
hereinafter provided; and 
(iv) 
fourth, to the Members and the Manager in the order of priority set forth 
in Section 4.2; provided, however that the Liquidator shall have the right to offset 
against any distribution due to a Member pursuant to this Section 11.3(iv) any 
outstanding advance distribution under Section 4.3 or Section 4.5. 
11.4 
Termination. The Fund shall terminate when all property owned by the Fund shall have 
been disposed of and the assets shall have been distributed as provided in Section 11.3. The Liquidator 
shall then execute and cause to be filed a notice of dissolution with the Registrar. 
EFTA01394923
--- PAGE 31 ---
12. 
AMENDMENTS 
12.1 
Amendments. 
12.1.1 Except as provided in Section 12.1.2, amendments to this Agreement may be 
made only if embodied in an instrument signed by the Manager and Majority-in-Interest of the 
Members; provided that no amendment to this Agreement that would increase any Member's 
Capital Commitment, or reduce any Member's share of the Fund's distributions, income, gains or 
losses, shall be adopted without the prior written consent of such Member. 
12.1.2 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, amendments to this 
Agreement may be made by the Manager without the consent of any Member if those 
amendments are (i) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein which 
may be inconsistent with any other provision herein or to make any other provisions with respect 
to matters or questions arising under this Agreement which is not inconsistent with the provisions 
of this Agreement, (ii) necessary to maintain the Fund's status as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes, (iii) to make a change that does not adversely affect the Members in any 
material respect, or (iv) as otherwise permitted under this Agreement. 
12.2 
Amendment of Registration Statement. Upon amendment of this Agreement, the 
Manager shall amend the Registration Statement to reflect such change if it deems such amendment of the 
Registration Statement to be necessary or appropriate. 
13. 
FURTHER INSTRUMENTS 
Each Member shall execute and deliver to the Manager within five (5) days after receipt of the 
Manager's request therefor such additional instruments as the Manager deems necessary or appropriate to 
carry out the terms of this Agreement. 
14. 
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, COVENANTS AND UNDERSTANDINGS OF 
THE MEMBERS 
The representations, warranties, covenants, and understandings of each Member, as set forth in a 
Subscription Agreement and related documents, if any, completed and signed by each Member prior to its 
admission to the Fund or the making of an additional Capital Contribution, if any, are incorporated herein 
by reference and made a part hereof as if originally contained herein. 
15. 
BANK HOLDING COMPANY REGULATORY COMPLIANCE 
15.1 
Non-Voting Interests. The Members acknowledge and agree that the Interests held by 
the Members do not have voting rights. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Interests 
held by the Members are deemed to be voting securities for purposes of the BHC Act, that portion of the 
Interest held by a Member that is, or is an Affiliate of, a bank holding company, as defined in the BHC 
Act, or is a non-bank subsidiary of such bank holding company, or is otherwise subject to the BHC Act 
(each, a "BHC Member"), or by a group of BHC Members whose Interests are aggregated for BHC Act 
purposes, in excess of 4.9% of the aggregate Interests held by all Members shall be disregarded for all 
such voting purposes. 
15.2 
Withdrawals of Non-Permitted Interests. To the extent that the Interests held by the 
Members are deemed to be voting securities for purposes of the BHC Act, in the event that a BHC 
Member (or a group of BHC Members whose Interests are aggregated for BHC Act purposes) acquires an 
EFTA01394924
--- PAGE 32 ---
Interest (or Interests) which would result in such BHC Member (or group of BHC Members) owning an 
Interest (or Interests) in excess of 24.9% (the "BHC Limit") of all Interests in the aggregate or of any 
individual class of Interests (those Interests up to the BHC Limit, the "Permitted Interests"), then, 
notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the portion of such BHC 
Member's (or group of BHC Members') Interest(s) in excess of the Permitted Interests will be deemed to 
have been compulsorily withdrawn, effective as of immediately prior to the time the Permitted Interests 
are exceeded. The Manager shall promptly notify each BHC Member upon becoming aware of any 
anticipated event which could cause such BHC Member to exceed the BHC Limit. 
16. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
16.1 
Confidentiality. Each Member shall, and shall cause its respective directors, officers. 
partners, members, employees, attorneys, accountants, trustees, consultants, Affiliates and advisors (the 
"Representatives") who have access to Confidential Information to, keep confidential and not disclose 
any Confidential Information without the express consent of the Manager unless: 
(i) 
such disclosure shall be required by applicable law, governmental rule or 
regulation, court order, administrative or arbitral proceeding or by any regulatory 
authority having jurisdiction; 
(ii) 
such disclosure is reasonably required in connection with any tax audit 
involving the Fund or any Member; or 
(iii) 
such disclosure is required under the limited liability company agreement 
or other organizational documents of a Member and the Member takes reasonable steps 
to cause recipients of the information to abide by the provisions hereof. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Members and/or Representatives may disclose to any and all 
Persons, without limitation of any kind, the structure and tax aspects of the transactions described herein 
and all materials of any kind that are provided to them relating to such structure and tax aspects. 
Confidential Information may be used by a Member and its Representatives only in connection with Fund 
matters and in connection with the maintenance of its Interest in the Fund. 
16.2 
Confidential Information. 
For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential 
Information" means this Agreement, any reports or other information sent or otherwise made available 
by the Fund or the Manager to the Members, and the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum, other 
than information that (i) is already available through publicly available sources of information (other than 
as a result of disclosure by such Member or its Representatives in violation of Section 16.1), (ii) was 
available to a Member on a non-confidential basis prior to its disclosure to such Member, or (iii) becomes 
available to a Member on a non-confidential basis from a third party, provided such third party is not 
known by such Member to be bound by this Agreement or another confidentiality agreement with the 
Fund. Nothing in this Article XVI shall be construed to prevent the disclosure of this Agreement, 
information contained in the books and records of the Fund, or other correspondence or materials by a 
Member on a confidential basis to professional advisors for the purpose of obtaining professional legal or 
accounting advice with respect thereto, provided that such Representatives have agreed to be bound by 
the confidentiality obligations set forth in this Article XVI. 
16.3 
Disclosure of Confidential Information. 
In the event that any Member or any 
Representative of such Member is required to disclose any of the Confidential Information for any of the 
reasons described in Section 16.1(i), (ii) or (iii), such Member will use commercially reasonable efforts to 
the extent practicable to provide, in the case of Confidential Information relating to the Fund, to the Fund 
EFTA01394925
--- PAGE 33 ---
or, in the case of Confidential Information relating to another Member, such other Member, with prompt 
written notice so that the Fund or Member, as the case may be, may seek a protective order or other 
appropriate remedy and/or waive compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, and such Member 
will use commercially reasonable efforts, at the request of the Fund and at the Fund's expense, to 
cooperate with the Fund or Member, as the case may be, in any effort any such Person undertakes to 
obtain a protective order or other remedy. In the event that such protective order or other remedy is not 
sought or obtained, or that the Fund or Member, as the case may be, waives compliance with the 
provisions of this Article XVI, such Member and its Representatives will furnish only that portion of the 
Confidential Information which is required and will exercise all reasonable efforts to obtain reasonably 
reliable assurance that the Confidential Information will be accorded confidential treatment. 
17. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
17.1 
Notice. Notice to any Member shall be sent to such Member at its address, as such 
Member shall designate in writing to the Manager. Any notice to the Fund or the Manager shall be sent 
to the address of the Fund's principal place of business as set forth in Section 1.4 hereto or to such other 
address as the Manager shall designate in writing to the Members. Each consent, notice, order and other 
communication required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing, shall be 
effective upon receipt (whether or not such receipt is acknowledged or confirmed by the Member) and 
shall be delivered personally, by recognized overnight delivery service, by registered or certified mail, 
return receipt requested, or by e-mail or facsimile transmission with electronic or other confirmation of 
receipt. 
17.2 
Governing Law. It is the intention of the Manager and the Members that the laws of the 
Cayman Islands (excluding the conflicts of law provisions thereof), as the same may be amended from 
time to time, shall govern the validity of this Agreement, the construction of its terms, interpretation of 
the rights and duties of the Manager and the Members, and all disputes arising from any of the foregoing. 
17.3 
Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial. 
17.3.1 Each Member and the Manager, on behalf of itself and/or the Fund, hereby (i) 
agrees that any and all litigation arising out of this Agreement shall be conducted only in courts 
located in New York, New York, (ii) agrees that such courts shall have the exclusive jurisdiction 
to hear and decide such matters, (iii) expressly waives any right to a trial by jury in any action or 
proceeding to enforce or defend any right, power or remedy under or in connection with this 
Agreement or arising from any relationship existing in connection with this Agreement, and (iv) 
agrees that any such action shall be tried before a court and not before a jury. 
17.3.2 Each Member hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction of such courts 
described in Sections 17.3.1 and waives any objection such Member may now or hereafter have 
to venue or that such courts are inconvenient forums. 
17.4 
Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with any other agreement referred to 
herein, shall constitute the entire agreement between the Members, the Manager and the Fund with 
respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall supersede any prior agreement or understanding, oral or 
written, relating to the Fund. 
17.5 
Headings. The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience of reference 
only and shall not be considered part of or affect the interpretation of this Agreement. 
EFTA01394926
--- PAGE 34 ---
17.6 
Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the 
heirs, executors, administrators and, subject to Article X, the successors and permitted Transferees of the 
Members hereto. For purposes of determining the rights of any Member or Transferee or other recipient 
of an Interest hereunder, the Fund and the Manager may rely on the Fund records as to the identity of the 
Members and the permitted Transferees and other recipients of Interests, and all Members, Transferees 
and other recipients of Interests agree that the Fund and the Manager, in determining such rights, shall 
rely on such records and that Members, Transferees and other recipients of Interests shall be bound by 
such determinations. 
17.7 
Legends. If certificates are issued evidencing a Member's Interest, each such certificate 
shall bear such legends as may be required by applicable laws, or as may be deemed necessary or 
appropriate by the Manager to reflect restrictions upon transfer contemplated herein. 
17.8 
Third Party Rights. Any Manager Parties specified in Section 7.6.1 that is not a party 
to this Agreement may enforce any rights granted to it pursuant to this Agreement in its own right as if it 
was a party to this Agreement. Except as expressly provided in the immediately preceding sentence, a 
Person who is not a party to this Agreement shall not have any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Law, 2014 (as amended) of the Cayman Islands to enforce any term of this Agreement. 
Notwithstanding any term of this Agreement, the consent of or notice to any person who is not a party to 
this Agreement shall not be required for any termination, rescission or agreement to any variation, waiver, 
assignment, novation, release or settlement under this Agreement at any time. 
17.9 
AEOI. Each Member agrees to provide to the Fund or its agents, upon request, any 
documentation or other information regarding the Member and its beneficial owners that the Fund or its 
agents may require from time to time in connection with the Fund's obligations under, and compliance 
with, applicable laws and regulations, including, but not limited to AEOI. By executing this Agreement, 
each Member waives any provision under the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction that would, in the 
absence of such waiver, prevent or inhibit the Fund's compliance with applicable law as described in this 
Section 17.9, including, but not limited to, preventing (i) the Member from providing any requested 
information or documentation, or (ii) the disclosure by the Fund or its agents of the provided information 
or documentation to applicable governmental or regulatory authorities. Each Member further 
acknowledges that the Fund and the Manager may take such action as each of them considers necessary in 
relation to such Member's holding and/or distribution proceeds to ensure that any withholding tax 
payable by the Fund, and any related costs, interest, penalties and other losses and liabilities suffered by 
the Fund or the Manager, any other investor, or any agent, delegate, employee, director, officer, member, 
manager or affiliate of any of the foregoing persons, arising from such Member's failure to provide any 
requested documentation or other information to the Fund or the Manager, is economically borne by such 
Member. 
17.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which 
shall be deemed an original but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 
17.11 Creditors. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of or 
enforceable by any creditors of the Fund. 
17.12 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be declared invalid 
or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the 
other provisions of this Agreement, it being hereby agreed that such provisions are severable and that this 
Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were omitted. 
EFTA01394927
--- PAGE 35 ---
17.13 Context. 
In this Agreement, unless there is something in the subject or context 
inconsistent with such construction, (i) words importing the singular only shall include the plural, words 
importing the masculine gender only shall include the feminine gender and the neuter, words importing 
individuals only shall include entities, whether companies or associations or bodies of persons, whether 
corporate or not, and words importing entities only shall include individuals, and (ii) all references to 
Sections are to Sections of this Agreement. 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank. 
Signature Page Follows.] 
EFTA01394928
--- PAGE 36 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Manager and the Members have executed this Amended and 
Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement on the date first written above. 
THE MANAGER: 
ESM MANAGEMENT 
By: 
Name: 
Eric Meyer 
Title: 
Managing Member 
INITIAL MEMBER (solely to reflect resignation 
from the Fund as set forth in Section 3.2) 
WNL LIMITED 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
MEMBERS: 
[Executed Pursuant to Separate Counterparts] 
EFTA01394929

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394930.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394930.pdf
----------------------------------------
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
IWP weekly onboarding tracker 
- Week ending 15th February'19 
EFTA01394930
--- PAGE 2 ---
IWP Onboarding Tracker 
Weekly Onboarding Tracking Update 
High 
Medium 
Low 
Onboarding Pipeline 
WM 
Total 
i 
i 
CIB 
S 
Successfully Onboarded 
WM 
1. Vellar 
2. Murray 
3. Map Investco 
4. Grupo Laboratorios Imperiales 
Pharma SA de CV (2 accounts) 
CIB 
1. Parkwood LLC 
2. Simon Charitable Private LLC 
3. Petrus Asset Management Company 
4. Penn Capital Management Company, 
INC. 
5. Alden Global Capital LLC 
6. Black Maple Capital Management LP 
7. Petrus Yield Opportunity Fund 
8. Simon Marketable L.P. 
r 
Onboarded 
Total 12 
NCA 
Extension 
Refresh 
i 
i Rernediation 
i 
i 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA01394931
--- PAGE 3 ---
IWP Onboarding Tracker 
Weekly Onboarding Tracking Update 
High Priority Cases 
CIB 
Inversiones Alabama Umitada 
1/12/2017 
2/15/2019 
764 Client;AFC 
Martin Zeman 
Deprince, Race &Zollo 
12/24/2018 
3/15/2019 
Client 
Martin Zeman 
Black Maple Capital Partners 
2/8/2019 
3/15/2019 
Client 
Alan Brody 
Lynrock Lake 
2/13/2019 
2/28/2019 
IWP 
Alan Brody 
DA Capital LLC 
2/13/2019 
3/15/2019 
Client;IWP 
Alan Brody 
Staple Street Global Opportunities (Master) L.P 
2/13/2019 
3/15/2019 
COB 
Alan Brody 
W De Argentina Inversiones S.A 
2/13/2019 
3/15/2019 
COB 
Billy Obregon 
WM 
Jon Gruber 
12/15/2018 
2/28/2019 
IWP;Banker;Client Alan Brody 
1.2 Capital 
1/1/2019 
2/28/2019 
IWP 
Joshua Shoshan 
Oasis Capital 
1/1/2019 
2/28/2019 
IWP 
Joshua Shoshan 
David Hamamoto 
2/14/2019 
2/22/2019 
Client 
Joshua Shoshan 
1. Awaiting updated W8from client. 
2. Provided name clarification to AFC, pending final approval from AFC. 
Pending with G.K as of 1.16.19 client has not responded 
List of NCA requirements have been sent to client 2.8.2019, awaiting client response 
COB sent list of requirements 2.15.2019. IWP reviewing prior to sending to client 
COB sent list of requirements 2.15.2019. IWP reviewing prior to sending with dient. 
Need list from COB. Sent ask 2.13.19. Need to specify extension product, but just refresh 
for now. DA Capital LLC=Investment Manager 
Need to remediate. Need list from COB. Sent ask 2.13.19 
WM KYC completed 02.13.2019. NAO Brokerage documents are with IWP. Incomplete 
documents have been sent to banking team 2.15.2019 
DB Documents and SOW narrative received from client 01/31/2019. Incomplete, will be 
reviewed and we will go back to dient. KYC completed 2.7.2019 NAO case has been 
submitted. Documents under review by BSO 2/15 
DB Documents and SOW narrative received from client 01.31.2019. Incomplete, will be 
reviewed and we will go back to dient. KYC completed 2.7.2019. NAO case has been 
submitted. Documents under review by BSO 2.15.2019 
Banking team reaching out to client to obtain KYC on-boarding 
information/documentation. 
Deutsche Bank 
EFTA01394932

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394933.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394933.pdf
----------------------------------------
For Key Client Partner Clients or U.S. Institutional Investors. Not for Retail Distribution 
Deutsche Bank 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
USDTRY FX Overview 
March 2018 
a 
EFTA01394933
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deutsche Bank sees 
potential for relief rally in 
TRY but the lack of 
current account 
adjustment, dependence 
on foreign portfolio inflows 
and FX borrowing, and 
high inflation cloud the 
longer-term narrative 
TRY remains one of the 
most undervalued 
currencies on 
fundamental models 
USDTRY YE Forecasts 
DB 
2018 
2018 
2019 
4.00 
4.26 
4.50 
USDTRY overview 
Market overview 
— Economic activity looks set to lose steam; yet it should 
remain competitive throughout 2018 due to fiscal support 
as well as buoyant external demand. CBT appears to be 
done with tightening 
— TRY can rally due to a supportive external environment, 
high carry, disinflation (and rising real rates), attractive 
valuation and light positioning. 
— Further, TRY has significantly lagged the recent rally in 
EM FX over the past six months, providing attractive 
opportunities for 'catch up' appreciation 
TRY remains one of world's cheapest currency 
Most 
expense. 
CNY 
CHF 
KRW 
ILS 
CZK 
SGD 
—
Deter 
— 
FEER 
—
PPP 
awereg e 
JPY 
TRYPEN 
coP 
MXN 
HUF 
SIX 
GBP 
TWD 
TH8 
EUR 
INA 
PLN 
AUD 
COA 
NOK 
USD 
NZD 
BR L 
2AR 
DR 
PHPCLP 
RUBRIYR 
world's 
cheapest 
ocorenCY 
Mare 
eopenslee 
fewer d4rance 
from centre 
equivalent to a 
cheaper currency 
USDTRY spot history and forecasts 
5.00 
4.50 
4.00 
3.50 
3.00 
2.50 - 
2.00 - 
Low 
—
DB 
—
Median 
—
Spot 8 Forward 
t50  
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 2018 2017 
2018 
2019 
Deutsche Bank 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
EFTA01394934
--- PAGE 3 ---
Due to high interest rate 
differentials, carry is 
historically elevated levels 
for USDTRY 
USDTRY implied volatility 
has sold off in recent 
months and levels are 
now trading close to their 
average for past few 
years 
USDTRY skew has 
become more favorable to 
a USD-based hedger but 
still remain expensive to 
USD puts 
Carry, volatility and skew dynamics 
— Although carry remains punitive and near all time highs, 
volatility and skew have all moved in favor of USD call 
buyers: 
— Carry levels are at multi-year highs 
— Implied volatilities have sold off, approaching to 
average levels over last 6 years 
— Implied volatility skew has decreased in favor of USD 
call buyers 
Carry at multi-year high levels 
9.0% 
7.0% 
5.0% - 
3.0% • 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Implied volatilities have sold-off to average levels 
iy4 
6% • 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
USD calls are becoming cheaper relative to puts 
8.0% 
2.0% • 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
Deutsche Bank 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Sources: Bloomberg Finance L.P., Deutsche Bank 
EFTA01394935
--- PAGE 4 ---
Supplemental Disclosure for 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Key Client Partners (KCP) 
THIS MATERIAL IS INTENDED FOR INSTITUTIONAL CUSTOMERS ONLY AS DEFINED BY FINRA 4512 (c). The trading and 
investment ideas discussed herein are general and do not take into account an institutional client's particular circumstances 
(including tax situation), investment guidelines, investment goals, restrictions or needs. Deutsche Bank ("DB") is not acting as a legal, 
financial, tax or accounting adviser or in any other fiduciary capacity with respect to any proposed transaction(s) mentioned herein. 
This document does not constitute the provision of investment advice and is not intended to do so, but is only intended to be general 
information. This material is for our clients' informational purposes and is a general solicitation of derivatives business for the 
purposes of, and to the extent it is subject to, §§ 1.71 and 23.605 of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act. This is not an offer, advice, 
recommendation or solicitation to buy or sell, nor is it an official confirmation of terms. Any offering or potential transaction that may 
be related to the subject matter of this communication will be made pursuant to separate and distinct documentation and in such 
case the information contained herein will be superseded in its entirety by such documentation in final form. 
Key Clients Partners ("KCP") services are offered to a select group of Deutsche Bank Wealth Management ("WM") clients who are 
able to meet certain criteria including, without limitation, financial and sophistication qualifications. On a non-advised basis, KCP 
introduces its institutional clients to unique investment opportunities which can be sourced from other divisions of Deutsche Bank 
AG, such as Global Markets and Asset Management. Most often, these opportunities are available to our clients who are on-boarded 
with KCP with KCP only. All Key Clients Partners opportunities may not be available in all WM locations. 
Please be advised that none of the Deutsche Bank affiliates or subsidiaries guarantees or is liable for the products or services offered 
by any other affiliate or subsidiary, unless specifically provided for in a writing signed by the affiliates or subsidiaries. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ from the opinions expressed by other departments, divisions or affiliates of Deutsche Bank 
"Deutsche Bank" means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies. Deutsche Bank Wealth Management represents the wealth 
management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or its subsidiaries. Brokerage services are offered through Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc., a broker-dealer and registered investment adviser, which conducts investment banking and securities activities in the 
United States. Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. is a member of FINRA, NYSE and SIPC. Banking and lending services are offered 
through Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, member FDIC, and other members of the Deutsche Bank Group. 
© 2018 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved. 027082 032018 
Deutsche Bank 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
EFTA01394936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394937.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: PRIME OFAC Case Escalation [C] 
From: Felix Jose 
Date: Thu, 16 Mar 2017 18:48:11 -0400 
To: Danya Friedman 
Cc: Saam Youssefi-R 
Louie Varga 
Wayne Salit 
Kripa Aryal-
Cherie Quigley 
Classification: Confidential 
Hi Danya, 
Thank you for escalation these transactions. We confirmed that the 
transactions are screened in Hotscan and Hotscan did not stop this 
transaction for NIKOLAY ALEKSANDROVICH GYROV. Though NIKOLAY and 
ALEKSANDROVICH are parts of OFAC SDNs, there is no evidence that NIKOLAY 
ALEKSANDROVICH GYROV is an OFAC SADN. 
Best Regards 
Felix 
From: Louie Vargas 
Sent: Thursday, March 16 2017 5:54 PM 
To: Felix Jose 
Cc: Saam Youssefi-Rad 
Subject: RE: PRIME OFAC Case Escalation [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Felix, 
Please see attached. Sorry for the delay. I was having issues with OnDemand. 
I had to uninstall/reinstall it. 
For 
it appears twice in OnDemand (CPS and FRB). Let me know if you 
need a pdf of the other instance (provided CPS). 
The others only appear once. 
EFTA01394937
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Felix Jose 
Sent: Thursday, March 16, 2017 2:14 PM 
To: Louie Vargas 
Cc: Saam Youssefi-Rad 
Subject: Fw: PRIME OFAC Case Escalation [C] 
Importance: High 
Hi Louie, 
Can you please try to identify the attached transactions in OnDemand as 
these transactions are expected to be screened in Hotscan. 
Best Regards 
Felix 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Danya Friedman 
Sent: Thursday, March 16, 2017 9:59 AM 
To: Felix Jose; 'Alexandra D-Acosta'; Saam Youssefi-Rad 
Cc: Wayne Salit; Kripa Aryal-Moore; Cherie Quigley 
Subject: PRIME OFAC Case Escalation [C] 
EFTA01394938
--- PAGE 3 ---
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning: 
I've got a PRIME OFAC Alert I need to escalate: 
It refers to an 
Outgoing Wire being sent to an account holder named NIKOLAY ALEKSANDROVICH 
GYROV, who has an account with SBERBANK OF RUSSIA 
which is an exact match. The account has sent a total of 3 
transactions to this person at SBERBANK (see attached). 
Please advise. Thanks! 
Kind regards, 
Danya Friedman 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Danya Friedman 
PWM AML Compliance Associate 
DB USA Core Corporation 
5201 Gate Parkwa , 32256 Jacksonville, USA 
Tel. 
Emai 
Visit us: http://www.db.com 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gifl 
EFTA01394939
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01394940

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394941.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394941.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: PRIME OFAC Case Escalation [C] 
From: Danya Friedman 
Date: Thu, 16 Mar 2017 09:59:19 -0400 
To: Felix Jose 
Alexandra D-Acost 
Saam Yousse 
Cc: Wayne Salit 
Kripa Aryal-Moore 
Cherie Quigley 
Classification: Confidential 
Good Morning: 
I've got a PRIME OFAC Alert I need to escalate: 
It refers to an 
Outgoing Wire being sent to an account holder named NIKOLAY ALEKSANDROVICH 
GYROV, who has an account with SBERBANK OF RUSSIA 
which is an exact match. The account has sent a total of 3 
transactions to this person at SBERBANK (see attached). 
Please advise. Thanks! 
Kind regards, 
Danya Friedman 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Danya Friedman 
PWM AML Compliance Associate 
DB USA Core Corporation 
5201 
sonville, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
Visit us: http://www.db.com 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gifl 
EFTA01394941
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01394942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394943.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: 
Dail De osit Report 20190118 
From: 
Date: Fri 
Jan 
: :00 -0500 
To: 
RM CODE 
ACCT # 
82289 
01/17/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
1,841,654.59 
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE, 
D 
.00 
ALI RASHID 
D 
.00 
RAHUL VAID 
D 
.00 
MARA WAGNER 
D 
.00 
LEAH KUBIS 
D 
.00 
THE JOCKEY CLUB 
1,373,287.51 
THE JOCKEY CLUB SAFETY NET FOUNDATION N 
106,684.35 
THE GRAYSON JOCKEY CLUB 
784,908.13 
EQUIBASE COMPANY 
D 
385,156.21 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS INC 
D 
242,682.07 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
8,921,667.56 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
D 
126,691.20 
PLAN D, LLC 
D 
568,364.42 
DARREN K. INDYKE PLLC 
D 
135,036.83 
HBRK ASSOCIATES, INC 
D 
477,198.95 
NES, LLC 
D 
136,046.42 
LSJE, LLC 
D 
188,829.71 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
2,232,836.20 
BLOOD-HORSE LLC 
D 
426,403.15 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
D 
215,194.21 
PRYTANEE, LLC 
D 
497,882.14 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
8,789,938.49 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR FOR D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 2015 GRAT TR 
D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE D 
.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
D 
.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME D 
.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
D 
.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA D 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
D 
.00 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
224,864.46 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
D 
.00 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK INC 
M 
385,874.18 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
M 
3,583,022.75 
BUTTERFLY TRUST 
M 
357,146.85 
GRATITUDE AMERICA, LTD 
M 
.00 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
M 
.00 
THE HAZE TRUST 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
D 
.00 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
D 
.00 
TODD R. WANEK AND KAREN A. WANEK 
D 
7,435,467.34 
SSW 2007 LLC 
D 
100,991.51 
KWF 2007 LLC 
D 
1,866,313.15 
CRW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,020,210.88 
GEW 2007 LLC 
D 
1,020,458.73 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
D 
923,985.20 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/17/19 
EFTA01394943
--- PAGE 2 ---
ACCT # 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
THE 2017 CATERPILLAR TRUST 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
CAMERON WANEK 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
RAHUL VAID 
ALI RASHID 
KEYHOLE PARTNERS, LLC 
THIRD LAKE PARTNERS, LLC 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
ADDISON AT MILLENIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
MARA WAGNER 
LEAH KUBIS 
CRW 2007 LLC 
CRW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
GEW 2007 LLC 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
TODD R. AND KAREN A. WANEK JTWROS 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
SHARI WAGNER 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KATI FORSYTHE 2014 GRAT 
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
KWF 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
SSW 2007 LLC 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
WANEK TRUST OF 2000 
CRW 2009 LLC 
CRW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
GEW 2009 LLC 
RM CODE 
82289 
LARGE, 
NAME 
ZERO AND 
.
NANCY AND MICHAEL DEVANE 
ALI RASHID 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
D 
651,902.57 
D 
6,540,877.18 
D 
2,082,807.07 
D 
2,134,871.04 
D 
13,630,824.62 
D 
2,349,825.59 
D 
307,125.58 
D 
153,512.31 
D 
153,512.31 
D 
153,512.31 
D 
534,302.61 
D 
103,524.42 
D 
534,302.61 
D 
153,512.31 
D 
407,207.62 
D 
534,302.61 
D 
1,220,488.24 
D 
1,754,744.37 
D 
.00 
D 
350,795.11 
D 
2,002,778.08 
D 
.00 
D 
.00 
D 
.00 
D 
.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
20,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
5,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
5,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
10,000,000.00 
C 
2,500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
C 
1,000,000.00 
C 
500,000.00 
01/17/19 
NEGATIVE BALANCES 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
C 
307,241.55 
C 
1,500,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
C 
100,000.00 
EFTA01394944
--- PAGE 3 ---
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
STEVEN D. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
CAITLIN A. FORSYTHE 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
C 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
2,500,000.00 
KATI WANEK-FORSYTHE 
C 
1,000,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
CAMERON WANEK 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
TRAVIS WAGNER 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
2,500,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT TRAVIS T. WAGN C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR LEAH M 
C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
250,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2015 GRAT FOR MARA WAGNE C 
100,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
SHARI WAGNER 2012 IRREVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
1,000,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
ROBERT S FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
LAURA A FORSYTHE REVOCABLE TRUST 
C 
100,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
KATI WANEK- FORSYTHE 2012 IRREVOCABLE C 
1,000,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
250,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR CAME C 
100,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
500,000.00 
TODD R WANEK 2015 GRAT TRUST FOR 
C 
100,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
2,500,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
RONALD & JOYCE WANEK IRREVOCABLE DYNA C 
1,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
50,000,000.00 
ASHLEY HOLDINGS INC 
C 
25,000,000.00 
RM CODE 
82289 
01/17/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
ACCT # 
NAME 
CAT 
BALANCE 
OD AMOUNT 
MARA WAGNER 
LEAH KUBIS 
If need help please contact 
Thank you 
C 
C 
.00 
.00 
EFTA01394945

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394946.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394946.pdf
----------------------------------------
' 
• RE: Message in format validation : 
T: 
A/C : 
[I] 
From: Naveen Bagaria 
Date: Mon, 17 Dec 2018 15:13:04 -0500 
To: PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Cc: 
Shanu Gujaria 
Rishabh Sharma 
Stewart Oldfiel 
Bradley Gillin 
Richard Iarossi 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Team, 
An approval was provided at 11:45 am and now it is 03:11 pm EST, which is 
close to 3 1/2 hours past with no action being taken on the below request, any 
reason why? 
Regards, 
Naveen Bagaria 
COO - Wealth Management Operations US 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 tower - Evolve, 2nd Floor, Mahindra World City-SEZ, Jaipur (RAJ) 302029, 
India 
Telephone: 
I Avaya/Voip: 
Fax: 
I Email 
Please send all Banking related queries to our new Group E-mail ID - 
From: Shanu Gujaria [mailto 
Sent: Monday, December 17, 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01394946
--- PAGE 2 ---
• Bradle Gillin 
Richard 
Iarossi 
PWMITUS ProductionSupport 
Cc: 
• 
: essage in orma va i a ion :: 
T: 
A/C : 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Approved!! 
Thanks and Regards, 
Shanu Gujaria 
fcid:image001.png@OlD1A587.747927401 
Shanu Gujaria 
Associate I Research and Control — WM 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, 
Insid 
d Cit - SEZ 302029 Jai ur India 
Tel.
nd 
Mobile 
Email 
From: Rishabh Sharma 
Sent: Monday, December 17, 2018 10:14 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
ProductionSu 
Cc: 
Shanu Gujaria 
Sub'ect: FW: Message in format validation :'I'll'''. T: 
[I] 
o rt 
• 
Richard Iarossi 
; Bradle Gitlin 
PWMITUS 
A/C : 
EFTA01394947
--- PAGE 3 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello, 
Please be informed below wire got rejected due to Format Validation Error. 
We have reversed the debit entry from client A/C. 
Kindly create the New wire. 
@ PWMIT Team, 
Please Killed the case. 
@ Shanu 
Please approve. 
Regards, 
Rishabh Sharma 
EFTA01394948
--- PAGE 4 ---
fcid:image003.png@OlD2OF46.0F9EFA101 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
Global Business Services 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
gtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessing@list.db.com 
From: Varun Goyal On Behalf Of swift fin 
Sent: Monday, December 17, 2018 11:32 AM 
To: swift f 
D•n D lcher 
Kathryn 
.7 Stanfield 
Divya Rajawat 
GTO-PWM-Bankini Exce•tion-Check-Processing 
emant-Kumar Rathore 
Naveen Ba aria 
Kathr n 
an ie 
ni 
ewani 
GTO-PWM-Ban ini xception- ec processing 
Ankit-Kumar Sharma 
aurav 
argava 
Rishabh Sharma 
Subject: Message in format validation 
Hi Team, 
EFTA01394949
--- PAGE 5 ---
The below message failed due to format validation error in field 
We have cancelled the messages with no risk and responsibility on our part. 
Kindly take necessary action at your end. 
E103181217V2PDT1 
CREATION IMPORT 
17/12/2018 16:28:52 
CREATED 
AMBKTPWM 
V 0 
UNIT ASSIGNMENT 
17/12/2018 16:29:10 
UNIT ASSIGNED 
AMBKTPWM 
V 0 
Unit assignment rule UNITASS-USPYMTO-300 
FORMAT CHECK 
17/12/2018 16:29:10 
UNIT ASSIGNED 
V 0 
EFTA01394950
--- PAGE 6 ---
Format validation error: 
Invalid buffer [Format error at line 20: bad character [ ] 
QUEUE FOR REJECT 
17/12/2018 16:29:10 
REJECTED 
REJECT-Q 
V 0 
FORMAT VALIDATION FAILED 
{cid:image002.png@OlD49654.30698160} 
:20:15050500 
:23B:CRED 
:32A:181217USD10010,30 
:50K:/0042953467 
42953467 - PLAN D, LLC 
c/o HBRK Associates, Inc 
575 Lexington Avenue,4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
:536:/99955009 
:57D://FW/026009593 
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., NY 
NEW YORK 
NY 
:59:/005484303195 
EFTA01394951
--- PAGE 7 ---
Global Jet Management, Inc 
DBA Helijet Solutions 
3700 Airport Road, Boca Raton FL 3 
:70:Account name: Global Jet Management 
Inc/DBA Helijet Solutions Reference 
: Invoice 1408 and 1413 
:71A:OUR 
Kind Regards, 
Global Messaging Operations (GMO) 
{cid:image001.gif@OlD413BC.29DDFB20} 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Global Messaging Operations 
Alfred-Herrhausen-Allee 16-24, 65760 Eschborn, Germany 
Ops Messaging Hotline 
Kindly post all your queries to common inbox and for any urgent escalations, 
please contact the below; 
First Level Escalation 
Rijosh KC: 
Sunil Varghese: 
Anupam-A Kala: 
Second Level Escalation 
Abhishek S Mohan: 
Visit GMO at myDB GMO @ MyDB 
Information about SWIFT at swift intranet at DB 
EFTA01394952
--- PAGE 8 ---
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-
mail is strictly forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our 
policies, procedures and compliance programs, we may review emails and 
instant messages passing through our IT systems (including any personal data 
and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls routed 
via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws 
and regulations. In some countries please refer to your local DB website for 
a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
EFTA01394953

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394954.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394954.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: ISDA Amendment [C] 
From: Stewart Oldfield <~.
> 
Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2018 14:28:06 -0500 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Classification: Confidential 
From: Martin Zeman 
Sent: Monday, October 23, 2017 2:51 PM 
To: Paul Barrett ( 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: ISDA Amendment 
Paul, 
~MIMMa> 
>; Xavier Avila 
Please see attached the 2013 ISDA document as well as the suggested 
amendment as discussed today. 
Martin 
{cid:image001.gif@OlD259D5.3E2DFOF0} 
Martin Zeman 
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
DB Securities Inc 
345 Park Avenue, 
Tel. 
Mobil 
Email 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
EFTA01394954
--- PAGE 2 ---
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who 
are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3), and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, 
characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment 
in evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and 
transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its 
affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea 
discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and 
related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, 
and strictly on a non-advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide 
investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and 
personal to you and is being presented for your information and for 
discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in 
whole or in part) or disclosure of its content without our written consent 
is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally 
binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its affiliates. 
EFTA01394955

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394956.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394956.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 42953432 [I] 
From: Ankit-Kumar Sharma <ankit-kumar.sharma@db.com> 
Date: Fri, 10 May 2019 11:32:20 -0400 
To: Brigid Macias 
Bhavesh Chandani 
Cc: Stewart OldfielcaM>, 
Natalie Barak 
Oversight Control 
Hi Brigid, 
Which account? 
Kind regards ? 
{cid:image001.png@01D1D7AA.4A648990} 
Ankit Kumar Sharma 
Analyst I PWM-US Ops — Banking 
COO - Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 Tower , Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel: 
Mobil 
Email 
Please send all Banking related queries to our new Group E-mail ID -
gtopwmbankingexceptioncheckprocessing@list.db.com 
From: Brigid Macias 
EFTA01394956
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent: Friday, May 10 2019 11:27 AM 
To: Bhavesh Chandani 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield .ca 
Natalie Barak 
Importance: High 
Oversight Control 
actions 05-09-2019 For AC aI] 
Can we post to this account? Will the account be overdrawn? 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
24th Floor 
New York NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Bhavesh Chandani 
Sent: Friday, May 10 2019 11:24 AM 
To: Brigid Macias 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Natalie Barak 
Oversight Contro 
EFTA01394957
--- PAGE 3 ---
• habh Shah 
Rishabh 
Sharma 
Subject: 
: on os 
ransac ions 05-09-2019 For AC 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Brigid, 
For the below account client submitted a wire yesterday. 
As yesterday you also submitted a case to close the account, so when the 
night batch ran it got account closed so the entry was bounced back to non-
post. 
Please let me know if I can call you regarding the same. 
Kind Regards? 
Bhavesh Chandani 
{cid:image002.png@01D1AB5D.AD617A90} 
Bhavesh Chandani 
Process Supervisor I PWM US Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
C00 Wealth Management Operations 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Mobile 
VOIP 
telephone: 
EFTA01394958
--- PAGE 4 ---
Email 
{cid:image003.png@OlD424E9.BC333740} 
Integrity I 
Sustainable Performance 
I 
Discipline 
I 
Partnership 
Client Centricity 
Innovation 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
From: Rishabh Shah [mailto 
Sent: Friday, May 10 2019 10:57 AM 
To: Rishabh Sharma 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Brigid Macias 
Oversight Control 
Subject: RE: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 
[I] 
Please advise Brigid on below. 
Regards, 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
RISHABH SHAH 
Wealth Management 
EFTA01394959
--- PAGE 5 ---
(PWM US OPS - BANKING) 
DBOI Global Services Pvt Ltd. 
Deutsche Bank Group 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, 
Inside Mahindra World City - SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
From: Brigid Macias 
Sent: Friday, May 10 2019 9:49 AM 
To: Rishabh Shah 
Cc: Oversight Control 
Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: FW: Non Post Transactions 05-09-2019 For AC 
Importance: High 
Natalie Barak 
Good Morning, 
[I] 
Can you please advise what this means? The client put up case 02087161 on 
5/9 so the funds should have been deducted yesterday from the account. 
Kind regards, 
Brigid Macias 
{cid:image004.png@OlD50722.B987E0B0} 
Brigid Macias 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue 
EFTA01394960
--- PAGE 6 ---
24th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Ema' 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Rishabh Sharma 
Sent: Friday, May 10, 2019 9:06 AM 
; Bradle Gillin 
Rachel 
Debra Jasper 
Oversight 
on ro 
Subject: 'on •os 
ransac ions 
-0•-2019 For AC 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Team, 
Please advise, if the below transaction(s) are okay to post or not:-
Please note A/C is closed : 05/09/2019 
42-953-432 HYPERION AIR, L 286 100,000.00 ACCOUNT CLOSED 
REF 
FROM 
FUNDS TRANSFER FRM DEP 
42-953-432 HYPERION AIR, L 822 100,000.00 ACCOUNT CLOSED 
TO MANUFACTURERS A ND TRADERS TRUST C 0 A/C 
EFTA01394961
--- PAGE 7 ---
NTERNATIONAL JET I NTERIORS, INC. 
If any of the transactions are deemed fraudulent, you must immediately 
notify your business manager and report the fraud to PBFraudReporting. 
Please follow the steps detailed in the fraud procedures. 
https://awm.wm.intranet.db.com/forms/private-bank-forms-account-agreements/-
fraud 
Regards, 
Rishabh Sharma 
fcid:image003.png@OlD2OF46.0F9EFA101 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
Global Business Services 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 
ndia 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email : 
Please send all the Banking related Queries to our new Group E-mail ID 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-
mail is strictly forbidden. 
EFTA01394962
--- PAGE 8 ---
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our 
policies, procedures and compliance programs, we may review emails and 
instant messages passing through our IT systems (including any personal data 
and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls routed 
via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws 
and regulations. In some countries please refer to your local DB website for 
a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you 
are not the intended recipient (or have received this e-mail in error) 
please notify the sender immediately and destroy this e-mail. Any 
unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the material in this e-
mail is strictly forbidden. 
Privacy of communications 
In order to monitor compliance with legal and regulatory obligations and our 
policies, procedures and compliance programs, we may review emails and 
instant messages passing through our IT systems (including any personal data 
and customer information they contain), and record telephone calls routed 
via our telephone systems. We will only do so in accordance with local laws 
and regulations. In some countries please refer to your local DB website for 
a copy of our Privacy Policy. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
EFTA01394963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394964.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: AW: Haze Tr t 
From: Lukic Mile 
Date: Tue, 09 Apr 2019 09:28:38 -0400 
To: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Dear Stewart, 
I hope this e-mail finds you well! 
Thank you for your message. Unfortunately this is not what our client 
expected and what we need for our DD. 
Please send us at our earliest convenience a SWIFT message 
with following information: 
For the attention of Mile Lukic 
Content of your letter attached incl. name of account holder 
Confirmation of account balance (at least EUR 30 Mio., free 
available) 
Alternatively, please send us a bank reference with above mentioned content, 
duly signed to the following address (prior a copy by email): 
LGT Bank Ltd. 
Mile Lukic 
Herrengasse 12 
FL-9490 Vaduz 
Liechtenstein 
If we receive a duly signed bank reference by mail, our compliance 
department will contact DB for verification. 
Thank you in advance for your assistance and feedback. 
Best regards 
Mile 
EFTA01394964
--- PAGE 2 ---
Mile Lukic 
Tel. 
finanzblog.lgt.com 
LGT Bank AG I External Wealth A vi r 
I Fax 
I 
I www.lgt.li
Von: Stewart Oldfield 
Gesendet: Monts , 8. April 2019 22:31 
An: Lukic Mile 
Betreff: Haze Trust 
Mile, 
Per my client's request, please see attached. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche 
Deutsche 
345 Park 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email ■ 
Bank Trust Company Americas 
Bank Wealth Management 
Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
EFTA01394965
--- PAGE 3 ---
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
LGT Bank Ltd. I Herrengasse 12 I P.O. Box 85 I FL-9490 Vaduz I Principality 
of Liechtenstein 
Phone +423 235 11 22 I Fax +423 235 15 22 I info@lgt.com I www.lgt.li 
This message may contain confidential information and is intended only for 
the named addressee. Any dissemination, disclosure, copying or use by 
persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you 
have received this in error, please notify the sender and delete the 
material from your system. 
For details regarding the processing of personal data please read our Data 
Privacy Notice available on www.lgt.li. 
EFTA01394966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394967.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Fw: RDC ALERT - Neptune, LLC [I] 
From: Amanda Kirby < 
Date: Wed, 02 Oct 2013 16:27:56 -0400 
To: PWMUS AMLKYC 
Cc: Michael Vila 
Andrea Klingenberg 
Paul Morris 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Attached is an RDC Alert associated with Neptune, LLC. This alert pertains to 
a boat registered in Tanzania with an alias of "Neptune". The Neptune, LLC we 
are dealing with is an LLC based in St. Thomas, USVI. The RDC Alert is not 
for our client. Please approve that it be cleared 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20839.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New 
154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic09303.gif) 
Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 10/02/2013 04:24 PM 
From: 
PWM BIS-Research/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
Cc: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAmericas 
Date: 
10/02/2013 04:20 PM 
Subject: 
RDC ALERT - Neptune, LLC [I] 
EFTA01394967
--- PAGE 2 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello 
Attached is an alert for the party mentioned above. Please note that 
clearance from compliance is required prior to KYC approval. 
Please follow the instructions below: 
Forward explanation of whether the alert pertains to your client directly to 
compliance. 
Receive confirmation from compliance that alert can be removed from the queue. 
Include copies of all responses along with your KYC. 
(See attached file: Neptune, LI,C_RDC Alert.pdf) 
Thanks, 
Ahsan Manzoor 
EFTA01394968

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394969.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Butterfly Trust - new brokerage account docs 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Date: Tue, 25 Sep 2018 12:38:58 -0400 
To: Richard Kahn ‹
> 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Liam Osullivan 
Bcc: 
Rich, 
Please see brokerage account docs attached and an outline of what needs to 
be done below. We've also included an options agreement for JE's personal 
account since the one we have expires at the end of next month. 
Please reach out with any questions. Thanks 
-Account Agreement 
o 
9th Page — Sign and Date 
o 
16th Page — This page only needs to be completed if the 
account will have margin. We will need the original account agreement for 
margin. 
-Trust Authorization — Sign, date 
-Electronic Delivery Consent — Enter email address, sign, date and print 
name & title -Free Credit Balances — Money Market Sweep — Check one of the 
boxes, sign, date and print name 
-W-9 — sign and date 
-Limited Trading Authorization - This will need to be completed by both the 
agent and the Trustee. The legal address of the agent must be listed in the 
form. 
-Options Agreement — we will need the original form. 
o 
Each section must be completed (Client's Financial 
Information, Investment Experience, Option Objectives, Strategy Requests) 
o 
2nd Page - sign, date and print name 
o 
4th Page - Initial 
Uncovered Call Writers — Sign and date - we will need the original 
form as well as margin (see Account Agreement) 
For informational purposes: 
CIP Notice 
Options Disclosure Document (ODD) 
2012 Nov ODD Supplement 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN - INDIVIDAUL ACCOUNT -Options Agreements Expire 10/31/2018. 
-Options Agreement — we will need the original form. 
o 
Each section must be reviewed / corrected (Client's 
Financial Information, Investment Experience, Option Objectives, Strategy 
Requests) 
EFTA01394969
--- PAGE 2 ---
o 
2nd Page - sign, date and print name 
o 
4th Page - Initial 
Uncovered Call Writers — Sign and date - we will need the original 
form as well as margin 
Thank you, 
Liam 
Liam O'Sullivan 
AVP I Key Client Partners - US 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who 
are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3), and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, 
characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment 
in evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and 
transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its 
affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea 
discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and 
related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, 
and strictly on a non-advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide 
investment advice. The information set forth herein is confidential and 
personal to you and is being presented for your information and for 
discussion purposes only. Any reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in 
whole or in part) or disclosure of its content without our written consent 
is strictly forbidden. This communication does not create any legally 
binding obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its affiliates. 
EFTA01394970

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394971.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394971.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name: 
pic20839.gif 
MIME Type: 
Compuserve Graphic Interchange Format 
Black is Zero: (true,true} 
Colour Depth: 
Colour Space Type: 
(RGB,RGB} 
Compression Lossless: 
(true,true} 
Compression Type: 
(lzw,lzw} 
Format Version: 89a 
Height: 46 
Horizontal Pixel Offset: 
Horizontal Screen Size: 46.0 
Image Orientation: 
(Normal, Normal) 
Mapi-Attach-Filename: 
pic20839.gif 
Mapi-Attach-Long-Filename: 
pic20839.gif 
Mapi-Attach-Method: 
Mapi-Attach-Mime-Sequence: 
Mapi-Attach-Mime-Tag: 
image/gif 
Mapi-Attach-Size: 
465 
Mapi-Rendering-Position: 
-1 
Name: 
pic20839.gif 
Number of Channels: 
Number of Progressive Scans: 
Page Count: 
Pixel Aspect Ratio: 
1.0 
Sample Format: (Index,Index} 
Vertical Pixel Offset: 0 
Vertical Screen Size: 
46.0 
Width: 46 
EFTA01394971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394972.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Balances [C] 
From: Richard Kahn <MIE
> 
Date: Thu, 07 Feb 2019 08:42:44 -0500 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Darren Indyke 
Jeanne Brennan 
Stewart Oldfield 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Feb 7, 2019, at 8:39 AM, Liam Osullivan 
wrote: 
Classification: Confidential 
Good morning Rich, 
The updated balances are: 
Foundation 
Jeepers 
Thank you, 
Liam 
$128,626.14 
$3,276,640.23 
<image001.gif> 
Liam O'Sullivan 
Investments & Trading I Institutional Wealth Partners 
DB Securities Inc 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154-0004, USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
EFTA01394972
--- PAGE 2 ---
Email 
Visit us: http://deutschewealth.com. 
<image002.gif> 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to 
sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as "institutional accounts" 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment 
benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and 
determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and 
financial transactions. Transactions are subject to relevant internal 
approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you 
are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group 
(IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is 
for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered through the 
IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage 
advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment advisory 
services, and private market opportunities and other products and services 
available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your 
information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material 
herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01394973

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394974.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394974.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sub'ect: 
ro 
Dat 
To: 
Daily De•osit Resort 20190426 
db.com 
Fri, 26 A•r 2019 01:54:35 -0400 
. COM 
04/25/19 
LARGE, ZERO AND NEGATIVE BALANCES 
EFFREY EPSTEIN 
NEPTUNE, LLC 
PLAN D, LLC 
LSJE LLC 
ZORRO MANAGEMENT, LLC 
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
EFTA01394974
--- PAGE 2 ---
SOUTHERN TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
EFTA01394975
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01394976
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01394977
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01394978

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394979.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394979.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Epstein ISDA/GMRA Docs [I] 
From: Martin Zeman 
Date: Thu, 21 Sep 2017 12:16:50 -0400 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Vahe Stepanian 
Stewart Oldfield 
Joshua Shoshan 
Xavier Avila 
Classification: For internal use only 
Keith, 
Please see the attached documents for Southern Financial as well as Southern 
Trust. 
As discussed today, we are now trying to revive the ISDA for Southern 
Financial LLC only at this point. I understand you also want to talk to Nick 
Haigh on Monday before giving your opinion, but in the meantime please see 
if you can take a look at these. I can also provide the termination 
agreements if necessary. 
Martin 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Sent: Wednesday, Se tember 20 2017 11:39 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
Cc: Daniel-E Kaiser 
Martin Zeman 
Subject: Epstein ISDA/GMRA Docs [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Xavi — please find attached docs per our conversation. 
Thank you, 
EFTA01394979
--- PAGE 2 ---
Vahe 
Vahe Stepanian 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Tel. 
Mobil 
Email 
KCP products and services are intended and available only for persons who 
are sophisticated institutional investors within the meaning of the FINRA 
Rule 4512(C)(3), and who are capable of evaluating the strategies, 
characteristics and investment risks of, and exercising independent judgment 
in evaluating, the ideas and products discussed herein. Trades and 
transactions are subject to relevant internal approvals of DBSI or its 
affiliates prior to execution, and the execution of any transaction or idea 
discussed herein is conditional on your becoming a client of Deutsche Bank. 
Key Client Partners (KCP) products, investment ideas and solutions and 
related matters discussed herein are provided for discussion purposes only, 
and strictly on a non-advisory basis. The KCP Americas desk does not provide 
investment advice. 
The information set forth herein is confidential and personal to you and is 
being presented for your information and for discussion purposes only. Any 
reproduction and/or redistribution thereof (in whole or in part) or 
disclosure of its content without our written consent is strictly 
forbidden. This communication does not create any legally binding 
obligation on the part of DBSI or any of its affiliates. 
EFTA01394980

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394981.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394981.pdf
----------------------------------------
Name: 
pic09303.gif 
MIME Type: 
Compuserve Graphic Interchange Format 
Black is Zero: (true,true} 
Colour Depth: 
Colour Space Type: 
(RGB,RGB} 
Compression Lossless: 
(true,true) 
Compression Type: 
(lzw,lzw} 
Format Version: 89a 
Height: 23 
Horizontal Pixel Offset: 
Horizontal Screen Size: 163.0 
Image Orientation: 
(Normal, Normal) 
Mapi-Attach-Filename: 
pic09303.gif 
Mapi-Attach-Long-Filename: 
pic09303.gif 
Mapi-Attach-Method: 
Mapi-Attach-Mime-Sequence: 
Mapi-Attach-Mime-Tag: 
image/gif 
Mapi-Attach-Size: 
1215 
Mapi-Rendering-Position: 
-1 
Name: 
pic09303.gif 
Number of Channels: 
Number of Progressive Scans: 
Page Count: 
Pixel Aspect Ratio: 
1.0 
Sample Format: (Index,Index) 
Vertical Pixel Offset: 0 
Vertical Screen Size: 
23.0 
Width: 163 
EFTA01394981

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394982.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394982.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Re uests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Date: Wed, 09 May 2018 10:15:40 -0400 
To: Andrew King 
Stewart Old 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
William-M Finn 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, Ma 09 2018 10:14 AM 
To: Andrew King 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
Stewart Oldfield 
William-M Finn 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, Ma 09, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Andrew Kino 
Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
William-M Finn 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, Ma 09 2018 10:11 AM 
To: Andrew King 
Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
William-M Finn 
EFTA01394982
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
Please see the attached documents and the approved email language below. I 
will send the other clients' zip files in a separate email or once they are 
approved. The entire zip file should be sent to clients but I tend to 
separate the factsheet and pitchbook from the broader zip file (see below) 
when sending the email to clients. Please copy someone from ISG on the 
email as this is required by our BAM. 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager 
(formerly affiliated with Deutsche Asset Management) that seeks to purchase 
mature, high quality private equity fund interests from investors seeking 
liquidity. Glendower currently consists of a 23 person-strong team with $3 
billion in total client assets and offices in London and New York. 
Glendower's mission is to deliver top-quartile, buyout-like returns while 
mitigating downside risk through its disciplined, bottom-up underwriting 
process, as well as the shorter duration of secondary investments, which 
leads to early cash distributions to investors. The Fund seeks to continue 
the successful secondary strategy the team has pursued since its inception 
at Deutsche Bank in 2006 - which has resulted in a negligible loss ratio -
by aiming to build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-
led transactions and co-investments on the secondary market. 
While past performance is not indicative of future results, Glendower 
Capital has a strong track record of success. As noted in the attached 
marketing materials, since its founding, the mature funds managed by 
Glendower have returned a 1.7x net multiple and a net IRR in excess of 20%. 
Including SOF III, which is a 2014 vintage fund, Glendower's overall program 
has returned a 1.5x net multiple and a 23% net IRR. Private equity 
investments such as the Fund are speculative and illiquid. Please see the 
offering memorandum for further information about the Fund and the risks 
associated with investing. 
{cid:image005.jpg@e1D3E5EB.D4596340} 
EFTA01394983
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Andrew King 
Sent: Friday, May 04, 2018 8:47 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Nathaniel Moran 
William-M Finn 
Subject: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
Frank DeBenedittis (copied) will be covering for me while I'm on MTA. If you 
need anything ISG related while I'm out please connect with him. 
We've requested Glendower materials for the clients listed below. The team 
will forward the materials once available. 
Banker 
Client 
Oldfield 
Aspen Grove 
Oldfield 
Bright 
Oldfield 
Dimensional 
Oldfield 
Dorrance 
EFTA01394984
--- PAGE 4 ---
Oldfield 
Epstein/Southern Financial 
Oldfield 
Everwatch 
Oldfield 
Forrestal 
Oldfield 
Georgetown 
Oldfield 
Gerschel 
Oldfield 
Highlander 
Oldfield 
Illig 
Oldfield 
Ironsides 
Oldfield 
Nicholas 
Oldfield 
Shamrock 
EFTA01394985
--- PAGE 5 ---
Oldfield 
Slome 
Oldfield 
Third Lake 
Oldfield 
Tisch 
Oldfield 
Warren 
Oldfield 
BBR 
Oldfield 
Ford 
Oldfield 
Pacific Life 
Oldfield 
Willett 
Oldfield 
Annandale 
Once the materials are received, Frank can send an intro email. If you'd 
EFTA01394986
--- PAGE 6 ---
prefer to send it yourself, the team can provide pre-approved intro language. 
Best regards, 
Andrew King 
fcid:image001.gif@OlD1AA1B.81C7AA001 
Andrew King, CFA 
Vice President I Investment Solutions Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobil 
Email 
fcid:image002.gif@OlD1AA1B.81C7AA001 
EFTA01394987

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01394988.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01394988.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd 
Street, 26th 
Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: (646) 214-7283 
www.icapitalnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business 
practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of 
this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at (646) 214 7283. 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the 
United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities 
authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the 
Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure 
should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement 
by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not 
imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, 
sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
EFTA01394988
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual 
updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to iCapital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. 
This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an 
update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to 
the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's 
business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition, in December 2017, 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent company of iCapital, acquired the U.S. private equity 
access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the 
investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material 
Changes  
Item 3: Table of 
Contents  
Item 4: Advisory 
Business  
Item 5: Fees and 
Compensation  
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side 
Management  
.. 7 
Item 7: Types of 
Clients  
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of 
Loss  
Item 9: Disciplinary 
Information  
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and 
Affiliations  
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
and Personal Trading  
Item 12: Brokerage 
Practices  
EFTA01394989
--- PAGE 3 ---
Item 13: Review of 
Accounts  
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other 
Compensation  
Item 15: 
Custody  
Item 16: Investment 
Discretion  
Item 17: Voting Client 
Securities  
Item 18: Financial 
Information  
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital", "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware 
limited liability 
company that has been in business since May, 2014. We are wholly-owned by 
Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of 
business in New 
York, NY. iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities"), 
is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the 
SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as 
the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by 
iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on 
iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle 
Property Investors 
Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-SV7, L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, L.P., 
BIAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private 
Equity Select Master 
EFTA01394990
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select Master Fund II, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select 
Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III 
(U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund 
IV (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate 
and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate and 
Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit Select Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), 
Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), 
L.P., BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), L.P., BIAS 
2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), L.P., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global 
Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-KVV Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-TEP Access Fund, 
L.P., 
iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, 
iCapital-Apollo 
EFTA01394991
--- PAGE 5 ---
L.P., 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-KV 
Seed C Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-SH Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., 
Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership, iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, L.P., and Horizon 
Opportunities Fund, a series 
of 
(each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
L.P., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
L.P. 
iCapital provides investment 
iCapital Global Access Partnership II, 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access 
Partnership II, L.P. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct 
Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services 
to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to 
the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner, and not 
individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the 
Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered 
under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the 
assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the 
Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's 
confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments 
of investors 
for the purpose of 
investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") 
that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying 
Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related 
risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other 
EFTA01394992
--- PAGE 6 ---
disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment 
Funds primarily 
EFTA01394993
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-
adviser (a "SubAdviser") 
selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective 
investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge 
funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000, as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives 
and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an 
"Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors, 
Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior 
to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment 
activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. 
Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As of December 31, 2017 total discretionary assets under management were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 
values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management 
for these Funds 
are as of September 30, 2017.1 
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets 
of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent of 
iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital, none of 
which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly 
in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The 
management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of 
which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates 
to the applicable SubAdviser 
for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor 
EFTA01394994
--- PAGE 8 ---
withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor 
prepaid the 
Funds with 9/30/2017 values are as follows: Private Equity Select Master 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity 
Global Select Master Fund IV, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, 
Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select Fund 
VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private Equity 
Asia Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Fund IV (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., 
Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) 
L.P., Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., 6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), L.P., BEP 
Private Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), 
L.P., BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), 
L.P., KKR Credit Select Access Fund II (U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select 
Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, S.C.A., Private 
Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, 
Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select, iCapital Vintage II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-SV7, 
L.P., Invesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund L.P., iCapital- KV Seed C Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital- TEP Non-US Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- TEP Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapitalKVV 
Access Fund, L.P., iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- 2015 
Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
EFTA01394995
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter, such Investor 
will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter, 
based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide 
otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion 
may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled 
to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage 
of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund 
is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to 
the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or 
received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds 
are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying 
Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on 
an annual basis, 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally 
ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the 
Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a 
preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. 
In addition, each Fund will 
fees, 
indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and 
expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will 
offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited 
partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, 
commitment 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, 
monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees 
EFTA01394996
--- PAGE 10 ---
received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such 
Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure 
relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in 
an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various 
service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as 
described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty 
Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider 
for 
certain Funds. Dynasty may 
provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may 
receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network 
of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. 
There is no form of legal 
partnership, agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and 
Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such 
organizational and 
offering expenses generally include, but are not limited to, legal expenses, 
travel, accounting, 
EFTA01394997
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the 
formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing 
and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the 
terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the 
Private Access Fund, 
including without limitation: the management fee; organizational expenses; 
liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or government 
charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's 
tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial 
statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental 
returns, reports and 
filings; any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund 
in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund; extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Private Access 
Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities; 
legal, administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator 
for the 
the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or 
otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners, whether individually or in a 
group; expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, 
appraisal, 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or 
EFTA01394998
--- PAGE 12 ---
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the 
issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access 
Fund, the General 
Partner and any of 
their respective partners, members, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will 
indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried 
interest, organizational 
expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the 
Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all 
the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including 
without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing 
and subscription 
materials; printing and mailing costs; filing and regulatory fees and 
expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to 
be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund, the applicable general partner or the Firm relating 
to such Direct 
Investment Fund), pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the 
costs and expenses of 
valuation agents); accounting, custodial, administrative, legal, audit, 
bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any 
administrator or custodian); 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses; investment 
research and 
research- related products and services; data processing costs; consultant 
fees; tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses, 
if any, including, without limitation, 
indemnification, dispute 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
EFTA01394999
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
resolution, litigations and related legal 
Form ADV Part 2A 
fees and expenses; investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., 
expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner, iCapital or any sub-
adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct 
Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions, spreads, mark-ups on securities, interest expenses, custodial 
and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management); 
insurance expenses, 
bank charges, currency hedging costs; and other investment and operating 
expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses, preparation of 
the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be 
subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the 
applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses, including its employees' salaries, 
rent, utilities, etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to 
its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may 
create an 
incentive for 
iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions 
regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of 
investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of 
management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an 
Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further 
details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from 
the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by 
"Qualified Purchasers" as 
EFTA01395000
--- PAGE 14 ---
defined in the Investment Company Act. 
iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate 
planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of 
institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit 
plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations 
or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds 
operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment 
objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment 
commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although 
iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount 
iCapital may from time to time enter 
into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of 
a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or 
different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the 
performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the 
third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or 
investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will 
not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written 
agreements or any of the 
EFTA01395001
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to 
offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or 
shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow 
investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums 
than would be 
required for a direct 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" 
diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, 
operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's 
platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative 
phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop 
market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts, growth capital, 
mezzanine, etc.) 
to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage, 
iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against 
benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months, 
iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase, 
iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed 
benchmarking analysis, and 
a thorough review of 
the competitive landscape. 
iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy, review 
the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before 
meeting with 
a manager, iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time 
evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough 
EFTA01395002
--- PAGE 16 ---
list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence, iCapital does a complete review of the 
fund's PPM, LPA, 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally, iCapital makes reference calls 
to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth, and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative 
components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which 
iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment, operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to 
cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, 
investment strategy 
and marketing positioning, competitive landscape, discussion of poor 
investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital 
leverages these meetings, the review of 
the list 
the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions, to evaluate the 
fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, 
diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off 
interest. 
reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies, peer firms, institutional LPs, former 
employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis 
is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
EFTA01395003
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation, iCapital looks at internal rate of return 
("IRR"), multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual 
value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance, 
the loss ratio, 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing, cumulative 
contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally, iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures 
that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion 
of the review, 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings 
with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report 
is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is 
required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform 
needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment. 
In particular, 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a 
unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective, 
iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund 
strategy buckets, 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process 
iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and 
strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify 
managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, 
leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, 
including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct 
initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a 
meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. 
EFTA01395004
--- PAGE 18 ---
In these meetings, 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment 
team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of 
the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage, iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital 
makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. 
("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent 
evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle 
Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage, if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due 
diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence 
report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the 
Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our 
network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to 
conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds 
as part of the 
EFTA01395005
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and 
investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected 
will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not 
consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly, 
there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect 
conflicts of 
interest, 
fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to 
substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or 
distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity, 
iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to 
facilitate 
such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due 
diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly, there is the risk that 
iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the 
Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be 
prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation 
of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of 
professional 
investors are urged to consult their 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding 
to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
any Fund, which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private 
Access Funds such 
EFTA01395006
--- PAGE 20 ---
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of 
interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's 
investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds, or any of 
the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future 
performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved 
or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and 
liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which 
will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. 
We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund 
offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. 
Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the 
high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks 
before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment 
due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally, 
Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
the Funds it manages. Prospective 
advisers and review the offering 
EFTA01395007
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through 
more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information 
regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a 
subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective 
investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and 
accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM 
with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment 
therein apply generally 
to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing, 
each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a 
limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that 
will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other 
laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on 
transfer, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial 
withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement 
(except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the 
performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing 
operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those 
expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried 
interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses, organizational expenses and other expenses 
and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the 
Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the 
EFTA01395008
--- PAGE 22 ---
Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' 
performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access 
Fund may invest a 
portion of 
its assets in short 
term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private 
Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General 
Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of 
their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of 
bad judgment, 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the 
Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which 
pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial 
losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its 
affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense 
thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund 
constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the 
extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise 
freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the 
risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the 
Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than 
reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering 
documents. 
EFTA01395009
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
iCapital cannot predict 
the timing and amounts of 
Form ADV Part 2A 
the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will 
require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the 
date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending 
acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice 
of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing 
of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a 
Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital), 
regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
in the 
to its investment 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution 
obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or 
otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, 
which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of 
its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their 
time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a 
Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
EFTA01395010
--- PAGE 24 ---
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Investors in a Private Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying 
Fund Manager, their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund, iCapital, and not the Investors in any 
Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable 
Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no 
opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend 
such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital 
will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing 
agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager, any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any 
liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or 
supplement 
the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable 
otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay 
to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, 
distributions previously 
EFTA01395011
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to 
an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all 
or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect 
of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly, Investors may be required to repay or 
pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to 
meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished 
information on a 
Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal 
income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to, among other things, the timely 
receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing 
differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an 
Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to 
the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from 
a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be 
significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private 
Access Funds' 
is 
limited, and the transferability of such investments 
is 
investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. 
Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An 
investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the 
market for the sale of 
such investments 
also generally 
EFTA01395012
--- PAGE 26 ---
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able 
to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it 
desires. 
Economic and Market Risk. Companies and securities in which a Fund will 
for example, 
including, 
exchange 
rate 
fluctuations, 
industry 
invest may be 
inflation rates, 
competition, 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their 
specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, 
currency devaluation, 
conditions, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and 
diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the 
control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. 
A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on 
some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, 
factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private 
equity funds' 
investment in such company. 
iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or SubAdviser's 
projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future 
performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to 
uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that 
invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the 
Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a 
portion of its interest in 
EFTA01395013
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"), iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors 
that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions), pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the 
aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the 
Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions, 
iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a 
forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest. Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available 
legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount, including attorneys' fees, 
to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest 
charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such 
Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have 
been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware 
Act provides 
that if certain requirements of 
the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, 
liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership 
are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited 
partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these 
provisions were 
enacted relatively recently, there is a dearth of case law interpreting 
those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to 
claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a 
Fund and other 
series of 
the Partnership. 
Finally, other 
contractual 
arrangements entered 
into by 
EFTA01395014
--- PAGE 28 ---
a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect 
of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act. Accordingly, the degree of 
separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a 
Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that 
Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that 
such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
Form ADV Part 2A 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not 
subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and 
operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore 
possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of 
such series and, consequently, that creditors of such series will seek 
recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-
advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in 
selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a 
great extent, on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to 
effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly, a Direct 
Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees 
of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to 
participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its 
portfolio could be 
impaired. 
In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any 
reason, 
sub-adviser engaged by the general 
partner will have equivalent 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner, 
there is no assurance 
that any replacement 
EFTA01395015
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in 
securities carries 
certain market risks. 
In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over 
which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or 
equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange 
rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and 
security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to 
particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's 
management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply, 
technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, 
the availability of additional 
capital and labor, general 
economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these 
factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of 
the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's 
profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, 
or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, 
in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs, 
interests in REITs, 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships, joint ventures, limited 
liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants, and stock purchase rights. The values of 
equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks, may decline due to general market 
conditions that are 
not related to a specific company, such as: real or perceived adverse 
economic conditions; 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings; and changes in 
interest or currency 
EFTA01395016
--- PAGE 30 ---
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity 
securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as 
workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity 
related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments 
that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that 
invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose 
performance is linked to the 
performance of 
foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present 
in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in 
emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: varying 
custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public 
information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the 
issuance and trading 
of securities; 
the unavailability of 
financial 
information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign 
accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility 
of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes; adverse 
political, social or 
diplomatic developments; 
limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process 
outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic 
trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other 
instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the 
conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher 
brokerage and custodian 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01395017
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
expenses than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities 
exchange or 
market. 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase 
American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary 
Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares 
of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. 
securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be 
subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These 
risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as 
in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs, 
EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without 
the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher 
expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less 
liquid. The performance 
of ADRs, EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary 
shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of 
companies based in, 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the 
governments of, 
emerging markets, 
including, but not 
limited to, certain Central and Eastern European 
countries, Asian countries and Latin American countries. These securities 
involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market swings, due to the 
inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, the lack of modern technology, the lack of a 
sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations, and the possibility of temporary or permanent 
termination of 
trading. Political and economic structures in many emerging markets may be 
undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid development, and emerging markets lack the 
social, political and 
economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. As a result, 
EFTA01395018
--- PAGE 32 ---
the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the 
possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation, may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may 
restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to 
national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities 
that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less 
efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a 
custodian or brokerdealer 
in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size 
of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack 
of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted 
or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined 
with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange 
rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and 
unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities 
and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may, but is not required to, hedge the currency 
exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value 
of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes 
of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase 
in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its 
investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the 
values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a 
decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-
denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short 
periods of time. 
EFTA01395019
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the 
foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, 
changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by 
intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by 
currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate 
between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has 
changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a 
Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or 
solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the 
financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political 
conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in 
economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer 
or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value 
and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of 
lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The 
values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the 
issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the 
issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer 
and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements 
for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over 
time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to 
downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. 
They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer 
or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the 
EFTA01395020
--- PAGE 34 ---
investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the 
investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are 
from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, 
regions, sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to 
this, together with 
its long-term approach 
portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio 
stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinan 
volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies 
concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money 
the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. 
Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways, the overall adverse impact 
on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the 
government or 
affairs of such countries or regions, could be considerably greater than if 
it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent. Although the investment guidelines of a 
Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio 
assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance 
markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. 
procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain 
delivery of 
securities) not 
typically 
associated with the settlement of U.S. 
investments. At 
times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries 
of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out 
transactions. If a 
value of the 
of its investment. 
expected to be concentrated 
one 
the effect of 
to investment, could result in large movements in the 
increases the importance of the selection of each 
t of investment performance and also increases the 
in an industry, country or region in which a Fund 
or underperform 
concentration, there is no 
effects. 
procedures in certain foreign 
Foreign settlement and clearance 
risks (such as delays in payment for or 
have not kept pace with the number 
another and 
EFTA01395021
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it 
may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no 
return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a 
sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or, if it has 
contracted to sell the 
security to another party, the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small 
or Medium-Sized Companies Investing in the securities of 
small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio 
price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established 
issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies 
have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for 
greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in 
the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited 
product lines, 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less 
experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on 
the over-thecounter 
markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or 
in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange 
or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities 
that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain 
small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are 
contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become 
illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's 
average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in 
substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these 
illiquid investments, 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately, 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) 
EFTA01395022
--- PAGE 36 ---
than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid 
securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further, companies whose securities 
are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection 
requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, 
notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of 
issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. 
Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for 
equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities, 
their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due 
to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible 
fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible 
securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant 
to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and 
conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at 
the option of the 
holder, a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying 
common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined 
substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price, performance, liquidity and 
value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that 
investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in 
the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to 
counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will 
not fulfill its contractual 
it may take a Fund 
EFTA01395023
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk. A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or 
cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash 
equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time 
to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise 
uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. 
Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, 
at the same time, 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate 
the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the 
Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, 
a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any 
decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors 
in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund, the effect of 
leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio 
investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a 
Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the 
investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a 
Fund will have 
to pay, 
the Fund's investment return will be greater than if 
Conversely, 
if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage, the investment return of a Fund 
will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid 
assets, marked-tomarket 
daily, to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's 
investment flexibility, 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings 
EFTA01395024
--- PAGE 38 ---
take the form 
of, or are embedded in, margined option premiums, repurchase agreements, 
bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There 
can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under 
all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, 
discretionary margin, 
the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
haircut, financing and valuation policies, or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions, whether due to market circumstances or 
government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, 
loss of financing, 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of 
swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such 
adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are 
imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such 
limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio 
at disadvantageous 
prices, perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk. A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends 
on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. 
These instruments include, 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps, currency 
forward contracts, 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A 
Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks 
associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can 
be highly complex 
leverage were not used. 
EFTA01395025
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an 
Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the 
underlying reference 
asset, a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to 
the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the 
terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be 
highly volatile, 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be 
difficult to value 
and highly illiquid, and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a 
derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights 
offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to 
subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified 
price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to 
expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase 
value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised 
prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves 
the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription 
price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such 
as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does 
not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or 
dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to 
assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative 
than other equitybased 
investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk 
than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through 
which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to 
risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even 
EFTA01395026
--- PAGE 40 ---
where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it 
may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to 
various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest 
rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund 
may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general 
the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a 
security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar 
security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and 
outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, 
or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund 
Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk 
bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies 
without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit 
strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk, may be less liquid and may be subject 
to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities ("Junk Bond") Risk. Fixed income instruments rated 
below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of 
comparable quality, are 
high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are 
predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records 
of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree 
EFTA01395027
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These 
securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate 
developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally, and less 
secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to 
accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after 
it is downgraded, the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior 
to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt 
increases in interest rates. 
instruments held by a Fund may fall 
in response to 
In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The 
value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates 
than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life 
of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in 
interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years 
generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage 
point. 
floaters, 
Inverse 
interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to 
interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the 
income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments 
also react 
to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser 
degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index 
chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current 
historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities, 
including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of 
EFTA01395028
--- PAGE 42 ---
those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e., extension risk). Securities that are 
subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates 
rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying 
debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens, all or a portion of the 
obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a 
relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates, a portion of 
a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be 
unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income 
received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and 
total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another 
party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of 
currency swaps, a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or 
receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If 
there is a default by the 
counterparty to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies 
pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of 
banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing 
standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in 
comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank 
market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets 
can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or 
closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency, interest rate, total return or other 
swaps that may be 
surrogates for other 
instruments such as currency forwards and interest 
rate options. 
EFTA01395029
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the 
underlying 
assets as well as counterparty risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs, 
which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or 
interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar 
to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
financing, default by borrowers, 
self-liquidation, and the 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills, are 
not diversified, and 
are subject to risks of project 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on 
distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on 
a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the 
extent that a portfolio 
company is subject 
to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems, such portfolio company may be subject to substantial 
losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and 
mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of 
civil 
litigation or 
regulatory or other 
action. Any 
such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to 
substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access 
is directed at 
iCapital or one of 
its service providers holding its financial or investor data, iCapital, 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further 
details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary 
events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management. 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. 
EFTA01395030
--- PAGE 44 ---
its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to 
prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-
dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and a member of the 
Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered 
as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services 
clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a 
broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional 
information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item 11 below for a description of how the 
Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital 
Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of 
Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund 
administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity, Gen II provides iCapital 
accounting and investor 
reporting, 
capital 
call 
and distribution processing and investor support 
services. This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in 
respect of the 
EFTA01395031
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital 
executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of 
iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select 
BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") 
and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored 
by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these 
relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying 
fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition, select 
financial services companies, 
including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made 
equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network, Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access 
Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create 
an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an 
iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity 
investors to provide 
services to the Funds, including administration or other services. iCapital 
will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and 
if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of 
the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of 
any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act 
EFTA01395032
--- PAGE 46 ---
Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act, 
iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in 
accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or 
accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of 
interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's 
Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into 
possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles 
that: 
- Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first; 
- Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are 
conducted 
EFTA01395033
--- PAGE 47 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
consistent with the Code of Ethics; and 
- Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) 
must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in 
other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his 
designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments; 
however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading 
authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of 
interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, 
iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of 
iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-
Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to 
discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in 
any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements 
without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is 
available upon request. 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, 
affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. 
iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the 
fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles 
thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for 
making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any 
discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, 
including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment 
funds, and providing 
transaction-related, 
investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
EFTA01395034
--- PAGE 48 ---
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may 
conflict with the 
interests of iCapital, other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain 
of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts 
of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may 
receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private 
Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments 
of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such 
placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest. The prospect of receiving 
such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place investors in the 
iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment 
vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition, iCapital may retain 
and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of 
marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not 
otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over 
another 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01395035
--- PAGE 49 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are 
also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and 
in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. 
Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts 
by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of 
the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, 
pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited 
partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited 
partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such 
additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or 
affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. 
The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or 
adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered 
investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the 
Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates 
provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund 
Manager or SubAdviser 
will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the 
applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any 
performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, 
as applicable) of each 
EFTA01395036
--- PAGE 50 ---
Fund may also benefit 
from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's 
investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and, under 
certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for 
financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. 
The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend 
iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who 
has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider 
such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and 
security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information 
necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such 
information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors 
to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an 
investor and 
required by law. 
iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the 
information. 
maintains security practices, physical, 
information about our 
iCapital 
electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
EFTA01395037
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will 
provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds, iCapital generally will not make 
investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited 
situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In 
such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the 
transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, 
including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread, reputation, financial 
strength and stability, 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of 
the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain 
the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any 
particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-
Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access 
Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the 
applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may 
take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with 
its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, 
including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and 
its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" 
credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay 
for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by 
Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional 
details regarding a SubAdviser's 
brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as 
applicable, and the 
EFTA01395038
--- PAGE 52 ---
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines 
are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive 
quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and 
ending equity, and the 
account's performance for that period. 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may 
provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as 
determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, 
each investor will 
statements for which they are invested, within 180 days of such Funds' 
fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities, LLC, an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-
dealer for private placement 
of 
interests of 
the Funds. 
iCapital Advisors does not 
receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an 
Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its 
affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private 
placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients 
with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer 
referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of 
the placement fee generated with respect 
to such 
Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
EFTA01395039
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be 
made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited 
Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such 
Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by 
such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to 
the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with 
Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to 
as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more 
iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of 
iCapital, is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital 
Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has 
committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital 
network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of 
such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential 
conflict of 
interest. 
Any 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item 15: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with 
"Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately 
offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" 
under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized 
as, comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an 
EFTA01395040
--- PAGE 54 ---
independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the 
accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial 
statements 
prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or 
beneficial owners) within 
180 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. 
fund-of-funds, iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end 
of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will 
distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the 
Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures, and each 
Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are 
specified under 
the limited partnership agreement, where investment 
limits 
investment risk and maximize return. 
are intended to minimize 
such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party 
registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests 
in the iCapital Private Access Funds 
to 
public company 
members or other 
For a Fund that is a 
EFTA01395041
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of 
the Private Access Funds, 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private 
Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under 
the Underlying Funds' 
constituent 
documents, iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and 
may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is 
asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds, iCapital has delegated the 
obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-
Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy 
voting procedures. 
However, iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it 
is required to vote 
a proxy for 
certain investments. 
iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a 
determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the 
conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon 
request, we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures 
and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with 
certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's 
financial condition. 
iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary 
commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. 
EFTA01395042
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
East 42nd 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Street, 26th 
New York, NY 10165 
646-214-7400 
Floor 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, 
Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, 
LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance 
Officer, at 1-646-214-7283 
or by email at mstanton@icapitalnetwork.com if you did not receive iCapital 
Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the 
SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
EFTA01395043
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. 
Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for 
sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private 
banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative 
Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution 
functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset 
classes. Previously, Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global 
marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA 
Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of 
iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales 
commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395044
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is 
Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of 
First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool 
was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked 
as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was 
an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with 
Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. 
degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of 
Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any 
conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of 
iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Pool for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395045
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Robertshaw is a CoFounder 
and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016, he served as a Vice 
Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group 
at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more 
than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset 
Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. 
Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000, when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin 
& Jenrette, where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DU 
in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. 
He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. 
Robertshaw received a B.A. in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or 
disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Robertshaw for 
compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 
2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395046
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is 
Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level 
platform integration with 
banks, asset managers, wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior 
to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a 
$12.5 billion AUM multistrategy 
investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he 
was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and 
distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator 
of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree 
in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA 
licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395047
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees 
origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private 
equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment 
opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead 
the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was 
previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began 
his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-
Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics 
from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395048

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395049.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395049.pdf
----------------------------------------
DB12000P - Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
10/02/2013 
Batch Date: 
Organization: Neptune, LLC 
Address: 
Tracking ID: 6851799 
Alert #: 1 
Entity Information 
Entity ID: 
Entity Name: SEAPRIDE 
Alias: Tuvalu• 
• NEPTUNE 
• ASTANEH 
• 
• IMO 9187643 
• Malta 
Address: TANZANIA, UNITED REPUBLIC OF 
Event: WLT - Watch List 
ASC - Associated with, Seen with 
Vessel appears on OFAC SDN list 
Identification: MMSI: -
• Vessel Registration Identification: 
• Former Vessel Flag: Malta 
• Former Vessel Flag: Tuvalu 
Source Information 
RDC URL: https://grid.rdc.com/wss/entity.html?-
entityld=6bb440f6579cfa585d3f3d53eb346cc4 
Source Name: Treasury Dept. OFAC Specially Designated Nationals List, 
09/26/2013 
Source URL: http:/Iwww.treasury gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/-
default.aspx 
Country:Virgin Islands, U.s. 
Reporting ID: 6851799 
Alert ID: 1715153.11527226.47497215 
Alert 
Alert Date: 
10/02/2013 
Consistent with the terms and conditions of your RDC Subscriber Agreement, 
the information contained in this document is for alert purposes only and is 
not to be used for purposes of determining an 
individuals eligibility for any credit or any other FCRA permissible 
purposes. User further agrees to hold such material and information in 
strictest confidence, not to make use thereof other than for authorized 
purposes, to relate it only to employees requiring such information, and not 
to release or disclose it to any other party. The Alert information 
contained in this document may or may not pertain to the individual 
or entity referenced in your inquiry. 
Page 1 of 1 
EFTA01395049

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395050.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395050.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (U.S.), L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. will invest 
substantially all of its investable assets into Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. (the 
"Underlying Fund"). 
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
STRUCTURE 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$250,000 
FUND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two 
additional one-year optional extension periods at the discretion of its 
General 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
REPORTING 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof2 
MANAGEMENT FEE3 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 Mil 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Mil+6 
During 
Investment 
period4 
1.00% 
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years 
Following 
EFTA01395050
--- PAGE 2 ---
Investment 
Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTEREST 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
*Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
The information contained herein is highly confidential, has been provided 
to you for informational purposes only, may not be shared with any party 
other than the intended recipient and may not be 
relied upon in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or investment 
products referred to herein. A private offering of interest 
in the securities described herein may only be made pursuant to a 
confidential private placement memorandum and the applicable subscription 
and governing documents, which will be furnished to 
certain qualified investors on a confidential basis at their request. Refer 
to "Important Information" beginning on page 2 for additional information. 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
Thereafter 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
STRUCTURE 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$5 Million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion 
of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
CAPITAL CALLS 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
EFTA01395051
--- PAGE 3 ---
business days' prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
REPORTING 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account 
statements 
MANAGEMENT FEE 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access 
fund only 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
1.10% of Commited Capital4 
TWO YEARS AFTER THE END OF THE INVESTMENT PERIOD 
0.85% of Invested Capitals 
THEREAFTER THROUGH THE END OF THE FUND TERM 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capitals 
CARRIED INTEREST 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
EFTA01395052
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 2 
END NOTES 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to the Access 
Fund Fee and Access 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing 
directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the fees and expenses 
associated with an investment in 
the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or indirectly 
from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
4. 
Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by 
the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion 
of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3. The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the Private 
Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5. Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in 
investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for 
such investments.) 
6. 
Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the 
option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any 
direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management 
fees from the Underlying Fund. 
subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Investors who invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Access Fund for 
further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, 
LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or 
investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
EFTA01395053
--- PAGE 5 ---
(the "Underlying Fund") or Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which 
will be furnished only to qualified prospective investors on a confidential 
basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Offering Memorandum, which 
contains more detailed information about the Access Fund's investment 
objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk 
disclosures that are important 
to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been 
authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund other than as 
set forth in the Offering 
Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may not 
be reproduced or 
redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of 
the Access Fund and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in the 
Access Fund. There 
are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund 
described in the Presentation. An investment in the Access Fund is not 
suitable for all investors. 
Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund 
involves a high degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the Access 
Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors 
must be prepared to bear capital losses that may result from investments. 
There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, 
investments may be leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum 
and pay particular 
attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses 
charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment 
alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, 
performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. 
Investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
risk characteristics of the Access 
Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the 
General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are 
described more fully in the 
Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
EFTA01395054
--- PAGE 6 ---
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve 
comparable results. Prospective investors should also bear in mind that past 
or targeted portfolio 
characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and 
there can be no assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio 
characteristics or that target 
portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments can go 
down as well as up. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be 
realized 
at the valuations shown as actual realized returns will depend on, among 
other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market 
conditions at the time of 
disposition, any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of 
sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the 
valuations contained herein are 
based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, 
carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by investors, which in 
the aggregate may be 
substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after 
deduction of such fees and expenses would be lower than the gross 
performance reflected in this 
EFTA01395055
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower 
returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a 
result of the additional fees and 
expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. Nothing contained 
herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance 
of the Underlying 
Fund or the Access Fund. 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access Fund, 
which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct 
investment, may be unmanaged, assume reinvestment of income, do not reflect 
the impact of any trading 
commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations 
when used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other 
reasons, may have 
different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are 
suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo 
liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period of time. They may 
be highly illiquid and can engage in 
leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility 
and risk of loss. Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than 
traditional investments. Investors 
should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. 
Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of information regarding 
valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
EFTA01395056
--- PAGE 8 ---
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest 
in the Underlying Fund, will 
have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse against the Underlying Fund or the General Partner or Manager of 
the Underlying Fund or their 
respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or 
employees, agents or affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, 
shareholder, employee or agent of any 
such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and should not be 
considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. 
Moreover, none of the Access Fund, 
the General Partner of the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates 
has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the 
Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting 
and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in the Access Fund will be lower 
than those from a direct 
investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an 
investment adviser registered with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The registrations and 
memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, 
products or services 
discussed herein. Additional Information is available upon request. 
East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165 I 212 994 7400 I 
info@icapitalnetwork.com I www.icapitalnetwork.com 
EFTA01395057
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global Private Equity Secondaries 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP1 ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management 
in August 2017 
• Fully owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and 
offices in London and New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows, and negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.5x 
TVPI and 23% Net IRR2 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led 
transactions and 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal 
structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
Strong and consistent track record2 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies4 # 
Net multiple (TVPI) 
Net distributed (DPI) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D3 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
2.3x 
EFTA01395058
--- PAGE 10 ---
lx 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 75 / 737 35 / 149 / 2,837 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance5,6,7 
Secondary funds: Net IRRto limited partners8 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
Upper Quartile 
Lower Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to limited partners5 
2.5x 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
Carried interest: 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
Hurdle rate: 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
2.Ox 
EFTA01395059
--- PAGE 11 ---
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.0x 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
Contacts: 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Partner & CEO 
+44-20-3947-7001 
carlo.pirzio-biroli@glendowercapital.com 
0.5x 
0.0x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
Index RVPI 
'09 
'10 
'11 
SOF funds DPI 
'12 
'13 
EFTA01395060
--- PAGE 12 ---
'14 
SOF funds RVPI 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner & CIO 
+44-20-3947-7002 
charles.smith@glendowercapital.com 
This document can only be offered to Accredited Investors and Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal 
to each offeree and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been 
handed out. Strictly not for 
redistribution. Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional 
information. Past performance is not an 
indication or guarantee offuture results 
Joshua C. Glaser 
Partner, Client Relations 
+1-212-653-8402 
josh.glaser@glendowercapital.com 
Total 
• 1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitalll in 
the following two years 
US$2,980m 
• Thereafter greater of 90% of 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Invested Capital 
2nd Quarter 2018 
Fund key terms10 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years from final closing 
Term: 
years + extensions (5xlyear) 
Structure: 
English L.P. 
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of commitments during 
Investment Period 
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01395061
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
Distinctive investment strategyl2 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, 
asset liquidations, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the 
time of the original acquisition, or later from an investor seeking early 
liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections (58% of transactions 
since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during 
normalized market conditions (42% of transactions since inception)10 
Identify less competitive deals 
■ US$40m average deal size 
■ Smaller US$5-100m fund portfolios 
■ Mid-size US$100-250m GP-led deals 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
■ Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
■ Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large levered 
beta play 
■ Value creation through in-depth fundamental 
analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
■ No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
portfolio level 
■ Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
■ Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl3 
Established Investment Team Active in the Secondary Market Since 200314 
• 23-strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 1H18 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant 
experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
EFTA01395062
--- PAGE 14 ---
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; 
KPMG 
Relevant Years of experience 
Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional information. There can be 
no assurance that efforts to reduce risk will be successful, nor that the 
strategy 
will be successful in the future or that losses will be avoided 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capital; CIBC Oppenheimer 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
■ Average 20% discount to FMV 
■ Average —80% funded at time of entry 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
EFTA01395063
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Endnotes 
(1) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital LLP ("Glendower"), an appointed 
representative of Mirabella Advisers LLP, which is authorised and regulated 
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
(2) Mature funds include SOF, SOF D and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. Performance figures have been calculated 
based 
on the unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
the "Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance 
Information" sections of this document. Gross returns are gross of fees, 
expenses 
and carried interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees 
and carried interest. Past performance is not a prediction of the future 
performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate 
the track record of the Glendower Team and there can be no assurance that 
SOF IV will achieve comparable results. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. Converted at the September 30, 2017 
EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(4) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies 
is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may 
include some double counting. 
(5) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, formed 
between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against their 
respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one benchmark only; 
quartiles 
may differ when compared to other benchmarking sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III data is not included in the data set used to calculate the 
benchmark data. 
(6) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to 
Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(7) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower team. 
(8) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
EFTA01395064
--- PAGE 16 ---
six years to 
settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this settling they 
typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance 
metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. Median is the 
middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs included in a vintage 
year (minimum 5 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the thresholds for the 
upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on the individual fund 
IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median 
to determine quartile placement (minimum8 funds). 
(9) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return 
aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a dollar-
weighted return. 
(10) Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund 
(the "Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, 
complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. For 
further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please 
refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such documents are in 
the process of being prepared and will be made available to prospective 
investors upon request. 
(11) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and 
the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
(12) As of September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance that the strategy 
will be successful in the future, or that losses will be avoided. 
(13) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfoliomanagement theory. 
(14) As of September 30, 2017. Period since 2003 includes time spent by 
members of the core senior management team at Deutsche Bank. 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and 
any follow-on investments in any such investment, but not including any GP-
led Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context 
requires. 
"Fund Secondary" means (a) an interest held directly or indirectly by the 
Fund in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including 
a fund of 
funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone 
transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired in a single 
transaction, in each 
case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, 
provided that any interest referred to in clause (a) shall be in a fund 
structure that 
either has an investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on 
investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its 
EFTA01395065
--- PAGE 17 ---
aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of interests referred to in 
clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the aggregate have drawn down 
or 
committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided 
further that the aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) 
shall be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund structure and 
provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be 
an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity 
assets through bespoke liquidity solutions (and any follow-on investments in 
any such investment interest, but not including any Co-Investment) as 
reasonably 
determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395066
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower 
Capital, LLP ("Glendower") (an appointed representative of Mirabella 
Advisers LLP, which is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct 
Authority) for the purpose of providing certain summary information about 
certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by 
Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential 
investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is 
being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may 
not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than any Recipient's affiliates 
or professional advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on 
a need to 
know basis Any past performance information herein is not necessarily 
indicative of future results and actual performance may differ materially 
from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and Recipients must not rely on 
this 
Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests 
in the Fund. This Presentation may not be used for and does not constitute an 
offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase 
any interests or to engage in any other transaction. The information in this 
Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not necessarily meaningful or 
complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the 
information contained herein and any future offering of SOF IV. Neither 
Glendower, Mirabella Advisers LLP nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any 
representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an 
investment in the Fund, the income or tax consequences, or the suitability 
of an 
investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities 
laws 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered 
into at the date that this Presentation is made available but that Glendower 
EFTA01395067
--- PAGE 19 ---
expects will occur or be entered into thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or 
solicitation. A private offering of interests in the Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, which contain additional 
information 
about the investment objective, terms and conditions of an investment in the 
Fund and also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to 
any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other than as set forth in the 
offering 
documents and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
offering documents will be furnished to qualified investors on a 
confidential basis at 
their request. The information contained in this Presentation will be 
superseded by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such 
offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary 
market for interests in the Fund and none is expected to develop. There will 
be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund, investments may be 
leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in connection with an investment in 
the Fund may 
be higher than the fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and 
may offset profits. Investors should have the financial ability and 
willingness to 
accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is 
acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit Suisse is not acting and will 
not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-
Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered 
Party") are provided on an arm's length basis and not as an advisor or 
fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered Parties should consult with their 
own internal and 
external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, 
material, or information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse 
also will not solicit 
EFTA01395068
--- PAGE 20 ---
a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of obtaining or retaining an 
engagement for 
that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory 
services to or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing 
contained herein shall constitute any representation or warranty and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower, its affiliates or 
Mirabella Advisers 
LLP as to the accuracy or completeness of any information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each investor and prospective investor 
(and each employee, representative, or other agent thereof) may disclose to 
any 
and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind 
(including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, 
provided, however, 
that such disclosure shall not include the name (or other identifying 
information not relevant to the tax structure or tax treatment) of any 
person and shall not 
include information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order 
to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns 
generated by the Fund will equal or exceed those presented herein or that 
the Fund will be able to implement its investment strategies or achieve its 
investment objectives. The Fund's investment strategy and applicable 
investment restrictions may differ from those historically employed and 
economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the possible future performance of 
the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of 
information 
available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is 
made or assurance given that such statements, views, projections or 
forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
EFTA01395069
--- PAGE 21 ---
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents 
for updating this Presentation (or any additional information), correcting 
any inaccuracies in it or providing any additional information to you. 
Accordingly, to 
the fullest extent possible subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or 
its affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, 
directors, officers, 
partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud) 
for any loss (whether direct, indirect or consequential), damage, cost or 
expense 
suffered or incurred by any person as a result of relying on any statement 
in, or omission from, this Presentation. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395070
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current 
assumptions, may be simplified and may depend upon events outside the 
control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other events that were not taken 
into account 
may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore, 
changes to any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or 
projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any 
forecast, opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors in the Fund 
should not 
rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in 
such Fund. The information contained in this Presentation has been obtained 
from 
sources outside of Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be 
reliable for the purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its 
affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any responsibility for the accuracy 
of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not 
treat this Presentation as tax, regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or 
any other advice in relation to the Recipient of this information and this 
information 
should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain 
jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are 
required to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk 
factors. An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated 
investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
high risks and lack 
of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the 
Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
Statements herein are made as of January 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Information on the Track Record 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
EFTA01395071
--- PAGE 23 ---
and its 
affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an independent private equity firm 
owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets. 
The 
performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in 
respect of the SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF 
Funds to 
date, including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team 
were employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the track record, each 
Recipient 
should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith have been 
permanent voting members of the SOF Funds investment committees since 
inception; (ii) 
Chi Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers 
the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during the SOF II investment period as 
voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members 
since January 2013; (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part 
of the SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved 
at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of the investments made by the 
SOF 
Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group 
within 
Deutsche Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely 
to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information provided herein has been 
prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited 
("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the SOF Funds and the 
related individual underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower 
SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or 
investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. Glendower takes 
responsibility for its use of this performance information and its 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, 
including, but not limited 
to, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 
204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such 
performance information by Glendower. 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net IRR" shall mean an aggregate, 
compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on 
investments, 
based on daily cash flows Calculations are presented based on actual cash 
flows to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" 
basis unless 
otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit share, 
carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection with the 
disposition of unrealized 
EFTA01395072
--- PAGE 24 ---
investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable 
funds, all of which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are expected 
to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than 
taxes borne or to be borne by investors, including as a result of an 
investor's domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted 
to calculate Net 
IRR in respect of the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. All performance numbers include recycled 
capital unless 
otherwise explicitly indicated. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") 
represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital 
("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held 
within the SOF 
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. Total 
Value to 
Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. MoM is defined as the amount of 
money returned divided by the amount invested for that particular investment. 
Gross multiple represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects 
amounts 
net of the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant 
investment fund. Any such valuation of unrealized investment will be based 
on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the 
circumstances, the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will 
depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the 
assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions on 
which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are 
based. Accordingly, the actual realized returns generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395073
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA. This Presentation shall not be distributed to any 
Recipient that is domiciled or resident in a European Economic Area member 
state 
where the distribution of the Presentation in such member state would 
constitute "marketing" (within the meaning of article 4(1)(x) of the 
Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU)). This Presentation is not 
an approved prospectus for purposes of section 85 of the UK Financial 
Services 
and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). In the United Kingdom, this Presentation may 
only be communicated (i) by a person other than an authorized person if 
directed only at (a) persons who have professional experience in matters 
relating to investments, falling within article 19(5) ("investment 
professionals") of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as 
amended) (the "Order"), (b) persons falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) 
("high 
net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Order, or (c) 
persons whom this Presentation may otherwise lawfully be communicated; and 
(ii) 
by an authorized person if directed only at (a) persons who have 
professional experience of participating in unregulated schemes, falling 
within article 14(5) 
("investment professionals") of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (as 
amended) (the "PCIS Order") and article 19(5) ("investment professionals") 
of the Order, (b) persons falling within article 22 (high net worth 
companies, 
unincorporated associations etc) of the PCIS Order and article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the 
Order. 
AIFMD Notice. In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member 
State") which has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for which transitional 
arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed in a 
Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD 
(as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); 
or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State 
(including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
Presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this Presentation may only be 
distributed and 
interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed to the extent that this 
EFTA01395074
--- PAGE 26 ---
Presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may 
lawfully 
be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of 
the investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, 
accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or 
strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances, or 
otherwise constitute a 
personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be 
profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of investment 
objectives or target returns or measurements. Any reference to past 
performance 
is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results. 
This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in 
Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by 
section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) (the "Act") 
and as 
sophisticated or professional investors as defined by sections 708(8) and 
(11) (respectively) of the Act, in respect of which an offer would not 
require disclosure 
under Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and should not 
be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial product 
recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure 
statement or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act. 
This 
Presentation is not required to, and does not, contain all the information 
which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any 
other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it required 
to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The 
funds referred to in these materials are not registered schemes as defined 
in the Act. In Australia, Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit 
Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch, are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the 
purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not 
represent deposits or 
other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect 
of the 
obligations of such Credit Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No 
offer to the 
public to purchase the Fund's interests will be made in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only 
and must not 
EFTA01395075
--- PAGE 27 ---
be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a 
prospectus, an advertisement, a public offering, an offer to sell the 
interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the 
interests described herein 
in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will 
be made only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities 
Commission is obtained. 
No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be 
deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means would be deemed public 
offering of 
securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained 
herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission 
has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered 
with the Registrar of Companies. This Presentation is for informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. 
As such, it 
must not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be relied upon or 
used by any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 
31-103 — Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. To the extent that the information contained herein references 
securities 
of an issuer incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities 
must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada. No 
securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed 
or in 
any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the 
merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the 
contrary 
is an offence. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law 
no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de Valores, and regulations thereunder. 
Securities not registered with the SVS may not be offered or sold publicly 
in Chile 
(unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the 
EFTA01395076
--- PAGE 28 ---
Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors pursuant 
to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado 
de Valores 
(an offer that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain 
sector or specific group of the public"). For additional information 
referred to each of the 
offered securities, please contact your RelationshipManager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China 
("PRC") or by any means that would be deemed public offering of securities 
under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to 
individuals 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained 
all the required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's 
responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or receive any 
investment advisory 
or investment management services. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395077
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the 
Management 
Company/Issuers have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian investor should make its 
own 
inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the 
Management Company/Issuers, including the merits and risks involved, and as 
to 
legal, tax and related matters concerning an investment in the products. 
This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian 
residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable rules and 
regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and/or securities 
related products 
or services in Colombia. Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to 
Colombian residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombianmarketing rules and general securities laws and 
regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial 
Code (CodeMonetaire et Financier) to professional clients and eligible 
counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey 
Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No 
public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved 
by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any 
interests or securities may not be offered or sold and have not been offered 
or 
sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to (i) "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong 
EFTA01395078
--- PAGE 30 ---
Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no person 
has 
issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not 
issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong 
Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any 
interest or securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
or are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any interests 
or 
securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the definition 
of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made 
under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that 
will not constitute "an offer to the public" under sections 15 and 15a of 
the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 ("the Securities Law") or section 25 of 
the Joint 
Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being 
offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any 
given 12 month period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the 
First 
Addendum ("the Addendum") to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") 
namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds, provident funds, 
insurance companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for 
themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio 
managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), 
investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for 
themselves), 
members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves 
or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing 
Products for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the 
capital market, an entity which is wholly-owned by Sophisticated Investors, 
corporations, (other than formed for the specific purpose of an acquisition 
pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 
million, and 
individuals in respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the 
Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect 
of which 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, 
deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice Law) and 
EFTA01395079
--- PAGE 31 ---
securities traded on a 
stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid Assets") 
exceeds NIS 8 million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), 
or the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 1.8 million 
(approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all their Liquid Assets 
exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or 
the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately 
£150,000); each as defined in the said Addendum, as amended from time to 
time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they 
qualify as 
Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the consequences of such 
designation and agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will 
fall 
within the private placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment 
Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements 
or 
rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is purchasing such Product for its 
own benefit and account and not with the aim or intention of distributing or 
offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an 
offeree which is a Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking 
corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product for another party 
which is 
a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be considered 
investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of 
Investment Counselling, Investment Marketing and PortfolioManagement Law, 
5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this Presentation a recipient shall 
be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated 
Investor 
purchasing Products for its own account or, where applicable, for other 
Sophisticated Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor 
does it constitute an offer to sell to or solicitation of an offer to buy 
from any person or persons in any state or other jurisdiction in which such 
offer or 
solicitation would be unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or 
solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it 
is unlawful 
EFTA01395080
--- PAGE 32 ---
to make such offer or solicitation. 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as 
amended) (the "FIEL") and, accordingly, any interest and/or investment in 
them 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines 
promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities 
and in effect at the relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local 
Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan Securities 
Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan 
Investment Advisers 
Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395081
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be 
construed as constituting, an offer or invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any securities (as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 
2007) in Malaysia 
or interests (as defined in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for 
subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside 
of Malaysia and no issue, offer or invitation under this document has any 
effect in 
Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico. This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera 
del Exterior) not subject to the supervision of the National Banking and 
Securities Commission (Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the 
"CNBV"). The 
securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation 
System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the Mexican 
Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores), therefore such securities, its 
issuance, 
offering, distribution and listing are not subject to the supervision of the 
CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject 
to public 
offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV or the 
SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco. This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional 
investor which has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters 
as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the 
Fund. Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly 
licensed by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed 
portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991 
and Law 1.338 
of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the "Commission de Controle des 
Activites Financier-es. Such regulated intermediaries may in turn communicate 
this 
document to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment 
business" or "government agency" within the meaning of clause 37(1) and 
EFTA01395082
--- PAGE 34 ---
clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 
2013 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or 
the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute 
an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive 
Regulations to the CapitalMarket Law (issued by Decision No.1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent 
investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests. The 
promotional documentation does not constitute an offer to the public and is 
for the 
use only of the named addressee and should not be given or shown to any 
other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with 
the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under any laws of the State of 
Qatar. No 
transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries 
regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the 
Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the 
"CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss 
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Presentation. 
Prospective purchasers of the interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. If 
you do not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of 
prospectuses 
would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as 
a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment 
referred to in 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is 
EFTA01395083
--- PAGE 35 ---
suitable for you. The product named in this Presentation is not authorized or 
recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and none of 
its interests / shares / units shall be allowed to be offered to retail 
public in 
Singapore. This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant 
products. The delivery of this Presentation to you should not be construed 
in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests 
described in this 
Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product, the fund will 
first be registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a 
locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
liability for losses that might arise from making use of the information. If 
nothing is indicated to the contrary, all figures are unaudited. The 
information 
provided herein is for the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is 
private equity capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly 
(i.e., are 
not listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private equity investments, 
including 
the investment opportunity described herein, may include the following 
additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial portion of the investor's 
investment, (ii) 
investment managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier 
or more speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of 
liquidity as there may be no secondary market, (iv) volatility of returns, 
(v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of diversification, (vii) 
high fees and 
expenses, (viii) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and 
(ix) complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax 
information to 
investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering documents, 
articles of association and audited financial statements can be obtained 
free of charge from the Representative. The place of performance for 
interests of the 
Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office 
of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in 
relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. 
Any dispute related to the distribution of interests of the Fund in and from 
Switzerland 
shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
EFTA01395084
--- PAGE 36 ---
distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will 
be charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions and money must be received by the 
paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395085
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by 
the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in 
St. Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has 
passed upon 
the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority 
in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal 
counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various legal, 
tax or economic 
matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved 
in investing, with the ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public 
offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates and accordingly should not 
be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited 
number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such 
interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in the Fund 
have not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central 
Bank, the 
Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing 
authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the 
use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's 
consideration thereof). No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any 
enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of 
the offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have 
not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Presentation. 
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor 
is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in 
EFTA01395086
--- PAGE 38 ---
the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private 
placement 
memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where the 
offering 
will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are 
subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold 
except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under 
the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that 
they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests 
for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors 
will 
not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be 
no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part 
of any 
person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395087
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," 
"our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or 
fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without 
notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING 
THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD 
ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche 
of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible 
invested. Further, the securities 
described in this presentation have not been registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve 
our solicitation agent activities, such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now 
or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize 
you (and any of your 
employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal 
governmental agency, are not 
Bank Securities Inc., or any 
loss of the principal amount 
EFTA01395088
--- PAGE 40 ---
and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential 
transaction, and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related 
to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This 
authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
EFTA01395089

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395090.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395090.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01395090
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund") with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the 
Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The 
Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel funds thereto, 
the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is 
inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this 
Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and 
nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information 
contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the 
Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This 
Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any 
other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access 
Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the 
tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other 
tax analyses) that are provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, 
however, that no Investor (and no 
EFTA01395091
--- PAGE 3 ---
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any 
party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could 
any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify 
information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent 
thereto. 
reasonably result in a violation of 
and update the Memorandum to provide 
and the compensation and fees related 
EFTA01395092
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of 
Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the 
last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have 
entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "DBSI Placement 
Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a 
Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that 
subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for 
Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement 
(including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing 
basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced 
Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(ii.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in 
respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the 
aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the 
EFTA01395093
--- PAGE 5 ---
product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon 
Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(iii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing 
Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of 
any 
Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as 
applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable 
share of Invested Capital. 
EFTA01395094
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee 
(the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital 
contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by 
Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion 
of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as 
follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
1.00% 
1.50% 
less than $3,000,000 2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart 
from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the 
relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with 
an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank 
and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will 
also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its 
clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall 
pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital 
commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the 
Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such 
direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the 
additional layer of fees and 
EFTA01395095
--- PAGE 7 ---
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients 
investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum 
capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB 
Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the 
Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following 
risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
EFTA01395096
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. 
Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription 
made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to 
Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to 
other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of 
any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person 
to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain 
servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each 
DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement 
(including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing 
basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced 
Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced 
Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such 
DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per 
annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or 
greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, 
through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB 
Introduced Person's allocable share 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied 
by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 
0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 
million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of 
EFTA01395097
--- PAGE 9 ---
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the 
Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable share of Invested 
Capital. 
Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an 
affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital 
commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of 
portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the 
Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar 
fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests 
in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored 
or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective 
affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in 
connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an 
investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or 
indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not 
receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt 
of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of 
other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons 
with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shares of other funds or investment products over sales of 
Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund 
Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's 
aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as 
determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential 
conflicts of interest, into account when 
EFTA01395098
--- PAGE 10 ---
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or 
indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
EFTA01395099
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS183 Dimension Capital Management 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" 
is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk 
factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
of Certain Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental 
and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement 
with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New 
York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research 
analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey 
Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the 
federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and 
auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among 
other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers 
who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. 
In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders 
against DBSI. 
EFTA01395100

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395101.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395101.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd 
Street, 26th 
Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: (646) 214-7283 
www.icapitalnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business 
practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of 
this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at (646) 214 7283. 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the 
United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities 
authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the 
Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure 
should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement 
by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not 
imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, 
sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
EFTA01395101
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual 
updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to iCapital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. 
This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an 
update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to 
the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's 
business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition, in December 2017, 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent company of iCapital, acquired the U.S. private equity 
access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the 
investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material 
Changes  
Item 3: Table of 
Contents  
Item 4: Advisory 
Business  
Item 5: Fees and 
Compensation  
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side 
Management  
.. 7 
Item 7: Types of 
Clients  
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of 
Loss  
Item 9: Disciplinary 
Information  
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and 
Affiliations  
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
and Personal Trading  
Item 12: Brokerage 
Practices  
EFTA01395102
--- PAGE 3 ---
Item 13: Review of 
Accounts  
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other 
Compensation  
Item 15: 
Custody  
Item 16: Investment 
Discretion  
Item 17: Voting Client 
Securities  
Item 18: Financial 
Information  
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital", "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware 
limited liability 
company that has been in business since May, 2014. We are wholly-owned by 
Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of 
business in New 
York, NY. iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities"), 
is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the 
SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as 
the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by 
iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on 
iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle 
Property Investors 
Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-SV7, L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, L.P., 
BIAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private 
Equity Select Master 
EFTA01395103
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select Master Fund II, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select 
Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III 
(U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund 
IV (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate 
and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate and 
Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit Select Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), 
Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), 
L.P., BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), L.P., BIAS 
2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), L.P., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global 
Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-KVV Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-TEP Access Fund, 
L.P., 
iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, 
iCapital-Apollo 
EFTA01395104
--- PAGE 5 ---
L.P., 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-KV 
Seed C Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-SH Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., 
Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership, iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, L.P., and Horizon 
Opportunities Fund, a series 
of 
(each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
L.P., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
L.P. 
iCapital provides investment 
iCapital Global Access Partnership II, 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access 
Partnership II, L.P. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct 
Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services 
to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to 
the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner, and not 
individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the 
Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered 
under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the 
assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the 
Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's 
confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments 
of investors 
for the purpose of 
investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") 
that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying 
Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related 
risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other 
EFTA01395105
--- PAGE 6 ---
disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment 
Funds primarily 
EFTA01395106
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-
adviser (a "SubAdviser") 
selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective 
investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge 
funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000, as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives 
and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an 
"Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors, 
Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior 
to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment 
activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. 
Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As of December 31, 2017 total discretionary assets under management were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 
values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management 
for these Funds 
are as of September 30, 2017.1 
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets 
of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent of 
iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital, none of 
which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly 
in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The 
management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of 
which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates 
to the applicable SubAdviser 
for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor 
EFTA01395107
--- PAGE 8 ---
withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor 
prepaid the 
Funds with 9/30/2017 values are as follows: Private Equity Select Master 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity 
Global Select Master Fund IV, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, 
Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select Fund 
VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private Equity 
Asia Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Fund IV (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., 
Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) 
L.P., Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., 6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), L.P., BEP 
Private Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), 
L.P., BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), 
L.P., KKR Credit Select Access Fund II (U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select 
Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, S.C.A., Private 
Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, 
Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select, iCapital Vintage II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-SV7, 
L.P., Invesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund L.P., iCapital- KV Seed C Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital- TEP Non-US Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- TEP Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapitalKVV 
Access Fund, L.P., iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- 2015 
Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
EFTA01395108
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter, such Investor 
will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter, 
based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide 
otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion 
may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled 
to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage 
of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund 
is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to 
the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or 
received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds 
are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying 
Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on 
an annual basis, 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally 
ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the 
Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a 
preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. 
In addition, each Fund will 
fees, 
indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and 
expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will 
offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited 
partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, 
commitment 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, 
monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees 
EFTA01395109
--- PAGE 10 ---
received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such 
Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure 
relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in 
an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various 
service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as 
described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty 
Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider 
for 
certain Funds. Dynasty may 
provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may 
receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network 
of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. 
There is no form of legal 
partnership, agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and 
Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such 
organizational and 
offering expenses generally include, but are not limited to, legal expenses, 
travel, accounting, 
EFTA01395110
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the 
formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing 
and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the 
terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the 
Private Access Fund, 
including without limitation: the management fee; organizational expenses; 
liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or government 
charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's 
tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial 
statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental 
returns, reports and 
filings; any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund 
in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund; extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Private Access 
Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities; 
legal, administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator 
for the 
the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or 
otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners, whether individually or in a 
group; expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, 
appraisal, 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or 
EFTA01395111
--- PAGE 12 ---
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the 
issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access 
Fund, the General 
Partner and any of 
their respective partners, members, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will 
indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried 
interest, organizational 
expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the 
Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all 
the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including 
without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing 
and subscription 
materials; printing and mailing costs; filing and regulatory fees and 
expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to 
be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund, the applicable general partner or the Firm relating 
to such Direct 
Investment Fund), pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the 
costs and expenses of 
valuation agents); accounting, custodial, administrative, legal, audit, 
bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any 
administrator or custodian); 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses; investment 
research and 
research- related products and services; data processing costs; consultant 
fees; tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses, 
if any, including, without limitation, 
indemnification, dispute 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
EFTA01395112
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
resolution, litigations and related legal 
Form ADV Part 2A 
fees and expenses; investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., 
expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner, iCapital or any sub-
adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct 
Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions, spreads, mark-ups on securities, interest expenses, custodial 
and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management); 
insurance expenses, 
bank charges, currency hedging costs; and other investment and operating 
expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses, preparation of 
the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be 
subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the 
applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses, including its employees' salaries, 
rent, utilities, etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to 
its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may 
create an 
incentive for 
iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions 
regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of 
investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of 
management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an 
Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further 
details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from 
the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by 
"Qualified Purchasers" as 
EFTA01395113
--- PAGE 14 ---
defined in the Investment Company Act. 
iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate 
planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of 
institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit 
plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations 
or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds 
operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment 
objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment 
commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although 
iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount 
iCapital may from time to time enter 
into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of 
a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or 
different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the 
performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the 
third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or 
investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will 
not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written 
agreements or any of the 
EFTA01395114
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to 
offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or 
shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow 
investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums 
than would be 
required for a direct 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" 
diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, 
operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's 
platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative 
phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop 
market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts, growth capital, 
mezzanine, etc.) 
to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage, 
iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against 
benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months, 
iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase, 
iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed 
benchmarking analysis, and 
a thorough review of 
the competitive landscape. 
iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy, review 
the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before 
meeting with 
a manager, iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time 
evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough 
EFTA01395115
--- PAGE 16 ---
list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence, iCapital does a complete review of the 
fund's PPM, LPA, 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally, iCapital makes reference calls 
to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth, and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative 
components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which 
iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment, operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to 
cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, 
investment strategy 
and marketing positioning, competitive landscape, discussion of poor 
investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital 
leverages these meetings, the review of 
the list 
the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions, to evaluate the 
fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, 
diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off 
interest. 
reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies, peer firms, institutional LPs, former 
employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis 
is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
EFTA01395116
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation, iCapital looks at internal rate of return 
("IRR"), multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual 
value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance, 
the loss ratio, 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing, cumulative 
contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally, iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures 
that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion 
of the review, 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings 
with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report 
is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is 
required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform 
needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment. 
In particular, 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a 
unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective, 
iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund 
strategy buckets, 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process 
iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and 
strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify 
managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, 
leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, 
including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct 
initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a 
meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. 
EFTA01395117
--- PAGE 18 ---
In these meetings, 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment 
team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of 
the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage, iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital 
makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. 
("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent 
evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle 
Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage, if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due 
diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence 
report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the 
Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our 
network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to 
conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds 
as part of the 
EFTA01395118
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and 
investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected 
will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not 
consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly, 
there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect 
conflicts of 
interest, 
fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to 
substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or 
distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity, 
iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to 
facilitate 
such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due 
diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly, there is the risk that 
iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the 
Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be 
prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation 
of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of 
professional 
investors are urged to consult their 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding 
to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
any Fund, which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private 
Access Funds such 
EFTA01395119
--- PAGE 20 ---
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of 
interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's 
investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds, or any of 
the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future 
performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved 
or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and 
liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which 
will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. 
We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund 
offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. 
Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the 
high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks 
before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment 
due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally, 
Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
the Funds it manages. Prospective 
advisers and review the offering 
EFTA01395120
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through 
more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information 
regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a 
subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective 
investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and 
accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM 
with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment 
therein apply generally 
to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing, 
each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a 
limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that 
will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other 
laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on 
transfer, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial 
withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement 
(except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the 
performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing 
operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those 
expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried 
interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses, organizational expenses and other expenses 
and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the 
Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the 
EFTA01395121
--- PAGE 22 ---
Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' 
performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access 
Fund may invest a 
portion of 
its assets in short 
term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private 
Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General 
Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of 
their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of 
bad judgment, 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the 
Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which 
pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial 
losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its 
affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense 
thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund 
constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the 
extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise 
freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the 
risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the 
Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than 
reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering 
documents. 
EFTA01395122
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
iCapital cannot predict 
the timing and amounts of 
Form ADV Part 2A 
the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will 
require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the 
date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending 
acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice 
of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing 
of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a 
Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital), 
regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
in the 
to its investment 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution 
obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or 
otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, 
which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of 
its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their 
time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a 
Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
EFTA01395123
--- PAGE 24 ---
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Investors in a Private Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying 
Fund Manager, their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund, iCapital, and not the Investors in any 
Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable 
Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no 
opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend 
such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital 
will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing 
agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager, any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any 
liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or 
supplement 
the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable 
otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay 
to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, 
distributions previously 
EFTA01395124
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to 
an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all 
or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect 
of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly, Investors may be required to repay or 
pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to 
meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished 
information on a 
Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal 
income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to, among other things, the timely 
receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing 
differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an 
Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to 
the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from 
a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be 
significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private 
Access Funds' 
is 
limited, and the transferability of such investments 
is 
investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. 
Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An 
investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the 
market for the sale of 
such investments 
also generally 
EFTA01395125
--- PAGE 26 ---
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able 
to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it 
desires. 
Economic and Market Risk. Companies and securities in which a Fund will 
for example, 
including, 
exchange 
rate 
fluctuations, 
industry 
invest may be 
inflation rates, 
competition, 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their 
specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, 
currency devaluation, 
conditions, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and 
diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the 
control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. 
A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on 
some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, 
factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private 
equity funds' 
investment in such company. 
iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or SubAdviser's 
projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future 
performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to 
uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that 
invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the 
Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a 
portion of its interest in 
EFTA01395126
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"), iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors 
that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions), pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the 
aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the 
Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions, 
iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a 
forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest. Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available 
legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount, including attorneys' fees, 
to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest 
charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such 
Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have 
been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware 
Act provides 
that if certain requirements of 
the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, 
liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership 
are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited 
partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these 
provisions were 
enacted relatively recently, there is a dearth of case law interpreting 
those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to 
claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a 
Fund and other 
series of 
the Partnership. 
Finally, other 
contractual 
arrangements entered 
into by 
EFTA01395127
--- PAGE 28 ---
a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect 
of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act. Accordingly, the degree of 
separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a 
Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that 
Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that 
such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
Form ADV Part 2A 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not 
subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and 
operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore 
possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of 
such series and, consequently, that creditors of such series will seek 
recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-
advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in 
selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a 
great extent, on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to 
effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly, a Direct 
Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees 
of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to 
participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its 
portfolio could be 
impaired. 
In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any 
reason, 
sub-adviser engaged by the general 
partner will have equivalent 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner, 
there is no assurance 
that any replacement 
EFTA01395128
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in 
securities carries 
certain market risks. 
In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over 
which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or 
equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange 
rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and 
security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to 
particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's 
management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply, 
technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, 
the availability of additional 
capital and labor, general 
economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these 
factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of 
the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's 
profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, 
or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, 
in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs, 
interests in REITs, 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships, joint ventures, limited 
liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants, and stock purchase rights. The values of 
equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks, may decline due to general market 
conditions that are 
not related to a specific company, such as: real or perceived adverse 
economic conditions; 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings; and changes in 
interest or currency 
EFTA01395129
--- PAGE 30 ---
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity 
securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as 
workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity 
related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments 
that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that 
invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose 
performance is linked to the 
performance of 
foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present 
in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in 
emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: varying 
custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public 
information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the 
issuance and trading 
of securities; 
the unavailability of 
financial 
information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign 
accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility 
of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes; adverse 
political, social or 
diplomatic developments; 
limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process 
outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic 
trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other 
instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the 
conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher 
brokerage and custodian 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01395130
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS143 
iCapital 
Form ADV 
expenses 
exchange 
market. 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase 
American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary 
Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares 
of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. 
securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be 
subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These 
risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as 
in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs, 
EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without 
the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher 
expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less 
liquid. The performance 
of ADRs, EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary 
shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of 
companies based in, 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the 
governments of, 
emerging markets, 
including, but not 
limited to, certain Central and Eastern European 
countries, Asian countries and Latin American countries. 
involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market 
inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, 
sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations, and 
termination of 
trading. Political and economic 
undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid 
social, political and 
economic stability characteristics 
Henry Nicholas 
Advisors, LLC 
Part 2A 
than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities 
or 
the lack of 
These securities 
swings, due to the 
modern technology, the lack of a 
the possibility of temporary or permanent 
structures in many emerging markets may be 
development, and emerging markets lack the 
of more developed countries. As a result, 
EFTA01395131
--- PAGE 32 ---
the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the 
possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation, may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may 
restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to 
national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities 
that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less 
efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a 
custodian or brokerdealer 
in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size 
of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack 
of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted 
or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined 
with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange 
rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and 
unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities 
and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may, but is not required to, hedge the currency 
exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value 
of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes 
of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase 
in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its 
investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the 
values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a 
decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-
denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short 
periods of time. 
EFTA01395132
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the 
foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, 
changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by 
intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by 
currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate 
between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has 
changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a 
Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or 
solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the 
financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political 
conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in 
economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer 
or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value 
and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of 
lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The 
values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the 
issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the 
issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer 
and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements 
for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over 
time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to 
downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. 
They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer 
or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the 
EFTA01395133
--- PAGE 34 ---
investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the 
investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are 
from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, 
regions, sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to 
this, together with 
its long-term approach 
portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio 
stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinan 
volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies 
concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money 
the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. 
Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways, the overall adverse impact 
on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the 
government or 
affairs of such countries or regions, could be considerably greater than if 
it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent. Although the investment guidelines of a 
Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio 
assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance 
markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. 
procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain 
delivery of 
securities) not 
typically 
associated with the settlement of U.S. 
investments. At 
times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries 
of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out 
transactions. If a 
value of the 
of its investment. 
expected to be concentrated 
one 
the effect of 
to investment, could result in large movements in the 
increases the importance of the selection of each 
t of investment performance and also increases the 
in an industry, country or region in which a Fund 
or underperform 
concentration, there is no 
effects. 
procedures in certain foreign 
Foreign settlement and clearance 
risks (such as delays in payment for or 
have not kept pace with the number 
another and 
EFTA01395134
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it 
may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no 
return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a 
sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or, if it has 
contracted to sell the 
security to another party, the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small 
or Medium-Sized Companies Investing in the securities of 
small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio 
price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established 
issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies 
have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for 
greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in 
the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited 
product lines, 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less 
experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on 
the over-thecounter 
markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or 
in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange 
or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities 
that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain 
small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are 
contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become 
illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's 
average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in 
substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these 
illiquid investments, 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately, 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) 
EFTA01395135
--- PAGE 36 ---
than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid 
securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further, companies whose securities 
are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection 
requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, 
notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of 
issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. 
Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for 
equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities, 
their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due 
to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible 
fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible 
securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant 
to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and 
conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at 
the option of the 
holder, a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying 
common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined 
substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price, performance, liquidity and 
value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that 
investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in 
the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to 
counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will 
not fulfill its contractual 
it may take a Fund 
EFTA01395136
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk. A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or 
cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash 
equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time 
to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise 
uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. 
Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, 
at the same time, 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate 
the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the 
Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, 
a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any 
decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors 
in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund, the effect of 
leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio 
investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a 
Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the 
investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a 
Fund will have 
to pay, 
the Fund's investment return will be greater than if 
Conversely, 
if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage, the investment return of a Fund 
will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid 
assets, marked-tomarket 
daily, to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's 
investment flexibility, 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings 
EFTA01395137
--- PAGE 38 ---
take the form 
of, or are embedded in, margined option premiums, repurchase agreements, 
bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There 
can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under 
all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, 
discretionary margin, 
the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
haircut, financing and valuation policies, or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions, whether due to market circumstances or 
government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, 
loss of financing, 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of 
swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such 
adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are 
imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such 
limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio 
at disadvantageous 
prices, perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk. A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends 
on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. 
These instruments include, 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps, currency 
forward contracts, 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A 
Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks 
associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can 
be highly complex 
leverage were not used. 
EFTA01395138
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an 
Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the 
underlying reference 
asset, a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to 
the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the 
terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be 
highly volatile, 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be 
difficult to value 
and highly illiquid, and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a 
derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights 
offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to 
subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified 
price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to 
expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase 
value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised 
prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves 
the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription 
price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such 
as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does 
not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or 
dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to 
assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative 
than other equitybased 
investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk 
than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through 
which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to 
risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even 
EFTA01395139
--- PAGE 40 ---
where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it 
may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to 
various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest 
rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund 
may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general 
the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a 
security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar 
security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and 
outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, 
or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund 
Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk 
bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies 
without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit 
strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk, may be less liquid and may be subject 
to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities ("Junk Bond") Risk. Fixed income instruments rated 
below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of 
comparable quality, are 
high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are 
predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records 
of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree 
EFTA01395140
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These 
securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate 
developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally, and less 
secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to 
accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after 
it is downgraded, the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior 
to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt 
increases in interest rates. 
instruments held by a Fund may fall 
in response to 
In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The 
value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates 
than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life 
of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in 
interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years 
generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage 
point. 
floaters, 
Inverse 
interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to 
interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the 
income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments 
also react 
to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser 
degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index 
chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current 
historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities, 
including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of 
EFTA01395141
--- PAGE 42 ---
those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e., extension risk). Securities that are 
subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates 
rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying 
debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens, all or a portion of the 
obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a 
relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates, a portion of 
a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be 
unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income 
received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and 
total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another 
party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of 
currency swaps, a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or 
receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If 
there is a default by the 
counterparty to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies 
pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of 
banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing 
standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in 
comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank 
market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets 
can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or 
closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency, interest rate, total return or other 
swaps that may be 
surrogates for other 
instruments such as currency forwards and interest 
rate options. 
EFTA01395142
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the 
underlying 
assets as well as counterparty risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs, 
which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or 
interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar 
to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
financing, default by borrowers, 
self-liquidation, and the 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills, are 
not diversified, and 
are subject to risks of project 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on 
distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on 
a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the 
extent that a portfolio 
company is subject 
to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems, such portfolio company may be subject to substantial 
losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and 
mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of 
civil 
litigation or 
regulatory or other 
action. Any 
such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to 
substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access 
is directed at 
iCapital or one of 
its service providers holding its financial or investor data, iCapital, 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further 
details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary 
events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management. 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. 
EFTA01395143
--- PAGE 44 ---
its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to 
prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-
dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and a member of the 
Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered 
as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services 
clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a 
broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional 
information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item 11 below for a description of how the 
Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital 
Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of 
Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund 
administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity, Gen II provides iCapital 
accounting and investor 
reporting, 
capital 
call 
and distribution processing and investor support 
services. This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in 
respect of the 
EFTA01395144
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital 
executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of 
iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select 
BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") 
and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored 
by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these 
relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying 
fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition, select 
financial services companies, 
including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made 
equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network, Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access 
Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create 
an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an 
iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity 
investors to provide 
services to the Funds, including administration or other services. iCapital 
will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and 
if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of 
the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of 
any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act 
EFTA01395145
--- PAGE 46 ---
Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act, 
iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in 
accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or 
accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of 
interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's 
Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into 
possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles 
that: 
- Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first; 
- Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are 
conducted 
EFTA01395146
--- PAGE 47 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
consistent with the Code of Ethics; and 
- Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) 
must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in 
other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his 
designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments; 
however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading 
authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of 
interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, 
iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of 
iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-
Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to 
discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in 
any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements 
without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is 
available upon request. 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, 
affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. 
iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the 
fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles 
thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for 
making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any 
discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, 
including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment 
funds, and providing 
transaction-related, 
investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
EFTA01395147
--- PAGE 48 ---
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may 
conflict with the 
interests of iCapital, other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain 
of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts 
of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may 
receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private 
Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments 
of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such 
placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest. The prospect of receiving 
such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place investors in the 
iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment 
vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition, iCapital may retain 
and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of 
marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not 
otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over 
another 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01395148
--- PAGE 49 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are 
also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and 
in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. 
Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts 
by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of 
the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, 
pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited 
partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited 
partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such 
additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or 
affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. 
The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or 
adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered 
investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the 
Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates 
provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund 
Manager or SubAdviser 
will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the 
applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any 
performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, 
as applicable) of each 
EFTA01395149
--- PAGE 50 ---
Fund may also benefit 
from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's 
investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and, under 
certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for 
financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. 
The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend 
iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who 
has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider 
such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and 
security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information 
necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such 
information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors 
to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an 
investor and 
required by law. 
iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the 
information. 
maintains security practices, physical, 
information about our 
iCapital 
electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
EFTA01395150
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will 
provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds, iCapital generally will not make 
investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited 
situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In 
such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the 
transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, 
including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread, reputation, financial 
strength and stability, 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of 
the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain 
the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any 
particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-
Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access 
Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the 
applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may 
take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with 
its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, 
including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and 
its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" 
credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay 
for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by 
Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional 
details regarding a SubAdviser's 
brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as 
applicable, and the 
EFTA01395151
--- PAGE 52 ---
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines 
are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive 
quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and 
ending equity, and the 
account's performance for that period. 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may 
provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as 
determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, 
each investor will 
statements for which they are invested, within 180 days of such Funds' 
fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities, LLC, an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-
dealer for private placement 
of 
interests of 
the Funds. 
iCapital Advisors does not 
receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an 
Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its 
affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private 
placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients 
with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer 
referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of 
the placement fee generated with respect 
to such 
Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
EFTA01395152
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be 
made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited 
Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such 
Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by 
such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to 
the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with 
Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to 
as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more 
iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of 
iCapital, is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital 
Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has 
committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital 
network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of 
such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential 
conflict of 
interest. 
Any 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item 15: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with 
"Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately 
offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" 
under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized 
as, comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an 
EFTA01395153
--- PAGE 54 ---
independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the 
accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial 
statements 
prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or 
beneficial owners) within 
180 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. 
fund-of-funds, iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end 
of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will 
distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the 
Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures, and each 
Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are 
specified under 
the limited partnership agreement, where investment 
limits 
investment risk and maximize return. 
are intended to minimize 
such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party 
registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests 
in the iCapital Private Access Funds 
to 
public company 
members or other 
For a Fund that is a 
EFTA01395154
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of 
the Private Access Funds, 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private 
Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under 
the Underlying Funds' 
constituent 
documents, iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and 
may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is 
asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds, iCapital has delegated the 
obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-
Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy 
voting procedures. 
However, iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it 
is required to vote 
a proxy for 
certain investments. 
iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a 
determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the 
conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon 
request, we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures 
and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with 
certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's 
financial condition. 
iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary 
commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding 
EFTA01395155
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
East 42nd 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Street, 26th 
New York, NY 10165 
646-214-7400 
Floor 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, 
Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, 
LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance 
Officer, at 1-646-214-7283 
or by email at mstanton@icapitalnetwork.com if you did not receive iCapital 
Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the 
SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
EFTA01395156
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. 
Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for 
sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private 
banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative 
Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution 
functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset 
classes. Previously, Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global 
marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA 
Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of 
iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales 
commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395157
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is 
Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of 
First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool 
was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked 
as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was 
an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with 
Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. 
degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of 
Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any 
conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of 
iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Pool for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395158
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Robertshaw is a CoFounder 
and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016, he served as a Vice 
Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group 
at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more 
than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset 
Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. 
Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000, when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin 
& Jenrette, where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DU 
in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. 
He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. 
Robertshaw received a B.A. in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or 
disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Robertshaw for 
compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 
2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395159
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is 
Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level 
platform integration with 
banks, asset managers, wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior 
to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a 
$12.5 billion AUM multistrategy 
investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he 
was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and 
distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator 
of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree 
in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA 
licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395160
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees 
origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private 
equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment 
opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead 
the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was 
previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began 
his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-
Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics 
from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01395161

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395162.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395162.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Execution Version 
Proprietary and Confidential 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of April 11, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER ACCESS 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. (THE "PARTNERSHIP") REPRESENTED BY 
THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, IN 
RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER'S 
INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 
HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
EFTA01395162
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 1 -
DEFINITIONS  
Definitions.  
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; 
POWERS  
2.1 
2.2 
2.3 
3.2 
3.3 
3.4 
3.5 
3.6 
4.2 
4.3 
5.2 
Continuation of Limited 
Partnership.  
Name; 
Offices 
Purpose; 
Powers.  
ARTICLE 3 -
PARTNERS  
3.1 
Names, Addresses and 
Subscriptions.  
Status of Limited 
Partners.  
3.2.1 Limited 
Liability 
3.2.2 Effect of Death, Dissolution or 
Bankruptcy.  
3.2.3 No Control of 
Partnership.  
EFTA01395163
--- PAGE 3 ---
Additional Limited 
Partners.  
3.3.1 Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing 
Date.  
3.3.2 Accession to 
Agreement.  
3.3.3 Anti-Money Laundering 
Provisions.  
Management and Control of 
Partnership.  
3.4.1 Management by General 
Partner.  
3.4.2 Powers of General 
Partner.  
3.4.3 Outside 
Business.  
Alternative Investment 
Vehicles.  
Parallel Access Funds or Feeder 
Funds.  
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND 
ACTIVITIES  
4.1 
Investment 
Guidelines  
Borrowings  
ERISA 
Compliance.  
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND 
EXPENSES  
5.1 
Organizational 
Expenses.  
Partnership Expenses and Management 
EFTA01395164
--- PAGE 4 ---
Fee 
5.2.1 Payment of 
Expenses.  
5.2.2 Management 
Fee.  
ARTICLE 6 - CAPITAL OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP  
6.1 
Obligation to 
Contribute.  
6.2 
6.3 
6.1.1 In 
General.  
6.1.2 Initial Capital 
Contributions.  
6.1.3 Additional Contributions; Deficiency 
Drawdowns.  
6.1.4 Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or 
Postponement.  
6.1.5 Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or 
Withdrawals.  
6.1.6 General Partner's Authority to Reduce 
Subscriptions.  
6.1.7 Subscription of the General 
Partner.  
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent 
Drawdown 
6.2.1 Unused 
Contributions.  
6.2.2 Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional 
Partner.  
6.2.3 Effect of Return of 
Contributions.  
Failure to Make Required 
Payment.  
6.3.1 
EFTA01395165
--- PAGE 5 ---
Interest.  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
i 
EFTA01395166
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default.  
6.3.3 Bifurcated 
Default.  
6.3.4 Assignment of Partner 
Contributions.  
ARTICLE 7 -
DISTRIBUTIONS  
7.1 
Amount, Timing and 
Form.  
7.1.1 
General.  
7.1.2 Distribution of Proceeds of 
Investments 
7.2 
7.3 
7.4 
7.5 
Discretionary 
Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General.  
7.2.2 Operational 
Rules.  
Special 
Distributions.  
Payment of 
Taxes.  
7.4.1 
General.  
7.4.2 Tax 
Liability.  
7.4.3 Partnership 
EFTA01395167
--- PAGE 7 ---
Obligation.  
Certain Distributions 
Prohibited.  
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; 
ALLOCATIONS  
8.1 
8.2 
8.3 
8.4 
9.2 
9.3 
10.2 
10.3 
10.4 
10.5 
Allocations of Net Gain or 
Loss.  
8.2.1 Net Gain and Net Loss, 
Generally.  
8.2.2 Special Allocations of Items of Loss or 
Deduction.  
8.2.3 Allocations Following a 
Default 
Other Specially Allocated 
Items.  
Admission of Additional 
Partners.  
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP  
9.1 
Term of 
Partnership.  
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General 
Partner.  
Dissolution by the General 
Partner.  
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON 
DISSOLUTION  
EFTA01395168
--- PAGE 8 ---
10.1 
General.  
Liquidating 
Distributions 
Expenses of 
Liquidator.  
Duration of 
Liquidation.  
Liability for 
Returns.  
10.5.1 
General.  
10.5.2 Limited Partner 
Obligations.  
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND 
WITHDRAWALS  
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership 
Interests.  
11.1.1 
General.  
11.1.2 Consent of General 
Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership 
Interests.  
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain 
Transfers.  
11.1.5 Required Representations by 
Parties.  
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal 
Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of 
Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer 
Expenses.  
EFTA01395169
--- PAGE 9 ---
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited 
Partners.  
11.2.1 
General.  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
ii 
Capital 
Accounts.  
8.1.1 Creation and 
Maintenance.  
8.1.2 Timing of 
Allocations.  
8.1.3 Compliance with Treasury 
Regulations 
EFTA01395170
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.3 
11.4 
11.5 
11.6 
11.7 
11.2.2 Effect of 
Admission.  
Non-Compliant 
Transfer.  
Multiple 
Ownership 
No Withdrawal 
Rights.  
Removal of a Limited 
Partner.  
Look-Through 
Treatment.  
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND 
INDEMNIFICATION  
12.1 
Exculpation.  
12.1.1 
General.  
-
12.1.2 Activities of 
Others.  
12.1.3 
Liquidator.  
12.1.4 Advice of 
Experts.  
12.2 
Indemnification 
12.3 
12.4 
12.2.1 
General.  
EFTA01395171
--- PAGE 11 ---
12.2.2 Limitation on 
Indemnification.  
12.2.3 Advance Payment of 
Expenses 
12.2.4 
Insurance 
12.2.5 
Successors.  
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other 
Sources.  
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General 
Partner.  
Limitation by 
Law.  
Return of Certain 
Distributions.  
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND 
CONSENTS  
13.1 
Amendments.  
13.2 
13.1.1 Consent of 
Partners.  
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic 
Rights.  
13.1 3 Consent to Amend ERISA 
Provisions.  
13.1.4 Notice of 
Amendments.  
13.1.5 Negative 
Consent.  
Voting and 
Consents.  
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE 
PROVISIONS  
EFTA01395172
--- PAGE 12 ---
14.1 
14.2 
Financial 
Reports.  
14.2.1 Annual Financial 
Statements.  
14.2.2 Annual Tax 
Information.  
14.2.3 Quarterly 
Reports.  
14.2.4 Information 
Rights.  
14.3 
Valuation 
14.3.1 Valuation by General 
Partner.  
14.3.2 Freely Tradable 
Securities.  
14.3.3 Other 
Assets.  
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible 
Assets.  
14.4 
14.5 
14.6 
Notices.  
Accounting 
Provisions 
14.5.1 Fiscal 
Year.  
14.5.2 Independent 
Accountants.  
Tax 
Provisions.  
EFTA01395173
--- PAGE 13 ---
14.6.1 Classification as 
Partnership.  
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; 
FATCA.  
14.6.3 Section 1045 
Rollovers 
14.6.4 Electing Investment 
Partnership.  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
iii 
Keeping of Accounts and Records; Certificate of Limited 
Partnership.  
14.1.1 Accounts and 
Records.  
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited 
Partnership.  
EFTA01395174
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting 
Consistency.  
General 
Provisions.  
14.7.1 Power of 
Attorney.  
14.7.2 Execution of Additional 
Documents.  
14.7.3 Limited Partner 
Information.  
14.7.4 Binding on 
Successors.  
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for 
Breach 
14.7.6 Waiver of 
Partition.  
14.7.7 Securities Law 
Matters.  
14.7.8 
Confidentiality.  
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; 
Counterparts.  
14.7.10 
Arbitration.  
14.7.11 Side 
Letters.  
14.7.12 Entire 
Agreement.  
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification 
Information.  
Appendix I Definitions 
Appendix II Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
EFTA01395175
--- PAGE 15 ---
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
iv 
EFTA01395176
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 
2018 (this 
"Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC, as the sole 
general partner (the "General Partner"), and those firms, corporations and 
other Persons listed on the List 
of Partners as limited partners who execute a counterpart of this Agreement 
(the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein 
collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, by an agreement dated January 8th, 2018 and made by and between the 
General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial Agreement"), the 
General Partner and the Initial 
Limited Partner formed Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Partnership") 
by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of 
the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware on January 8th, 2018. 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the General Partner desires to admit additional 
persons to the 
Partnership as Limited Partners and the Initial Limited Partner desires to 
withdraw from the Partnership; 
and 
WHEREAS, in connection with such admissions and withdrawal, the parties 
desire to amend and 
restate the Initial Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend and restate the Initial 
Agreement to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS 
DEFINITIONS. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings 
assigned to them in 
Appendix I hereto. As used herein, the term "Partner" shall also include, as 
applicable in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, any Persons for whom an Approved Agent is 
recorded on the books and records 
of the Partnership as nominee or agent, notwithstanding that such Partner is 
not recorded on the books 
and records. 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 CONTINUATION OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
The Partners agree to continue the Partnership subject to the terms of this 
EFTA01395177
--- PAGE 17 ---
Agreement in accordance with 
the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time 
to time (the "Delaware 
Act"), and the Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its 
entirety by its deletion and 
replacement by this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws 
from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, 
and none of the Partners shall 
have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395178
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
2.2 NAME; OFFICES. 
The name of the Partnership is " Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P." The 
Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use such name as long as the 
Partnership continues. The 
name of the Partnership may be changed at any time by the General Partner 
without the consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners. The principal office of the Partnership 
shall be located initially at c/o 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., 60 East 42nd Street, New York, NY 
10165. The initial address of the 
Partnership's registered office in Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 
1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
County of New Castle, and its initial registered agent at such address for 
service of process is The 
Corporation Trust Company. The General Partner may change the locations of 
the principal office and 
registered office of the Partnership to such other locations, and may change 
the registered agent of the 
Partnership in Delaware to such other Person, as the General Partner may 
specify from time to time. The 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to open 
additional offices. 
2.3 
PURPOSE; POWERS. 
The principal purpose of the Partnership is to make, hold and dispose of an 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund and to engage in any activities incidental thereto, including holding 
funds in cash or investment 
funds in short term investments pending utilization. Subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement, the 
Partnership may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or 
incidental to the accomplishment 
of the foregoing and any other activity that is lawful for, and shall have 
all of the powers available to, a 
limited partnership organized under the Delaware Act. 
The General Partner, in its discretion, may, choose not to commit up to 10% 
of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. 
Such reserved commitment 
amounts may be used in accordance with 6.1.3. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund resulting in an over-commitment of the of the Partnership (i.e., the 
Partnership's commitment 
amount to the Underlying Fund, together with any expenses of the Partnership 
would be greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscription to the Partnership). 
EFTA01395179
--- PAGE 19 ---
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 NAMES, ADDRESSES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS. 
The name, address, facsimile number, electronic mail address and 
Subscription of each Partner are set 
forth in the List of Partners. The General Partner shall cause the List of 
Partners to be revised, without 
the necessity of obtaining the consent of any other Partner, to reflect any 
changes in the information 
contained thereon occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each 
Partner shall promptly 
provide the Partnership with the information required to be set forth for 
such Partner on the List of 
Partners and shall thereafter promptly notify the Partnership of any change 
to such information. 
3.2 
STATUS OF LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.2.1 Limited Liability. 
No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall be liable for the debts 
and obligations of the Partnership 
so long as such Limited Partner does not take part in the control of the 
business of the Partnership; 
provided, however, that each Limited Partner shall be required to pay to the 
Partnership (a) any unpaid 
capital contributions that such Limited Partner has agreed to make to the 
Partnership pursuant to 
Article 6, to the extent provided in Section 17-502(a) and (b) of the 
Delaware Act; (b) the amount of any 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395180
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the 
Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited 
Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the death, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or 
dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement 
shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal 
representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest 
for purposes of Article 11 until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right 
or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the 
dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital 
contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs 
of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or 
otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date 
on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") 
through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying 
Fund may hold 
a closing (the "Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but 
not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, 
an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing 
Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its 
Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in 
subscriptions by existing 
EFTA01395181
--- PAGE 21 ---
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional 
Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such 
Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including 
through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund 
shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the 
acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole 
discretion: 
(1) 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to 
such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in 
connection with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395182
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested in 
the 
Underlying Fund; 
(3) 
(4) 
the amount of the Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of 
such Additional Limited Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner 
subscribed for such interest at the Initial Closing; and 
at the General Partner's option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution made pursuant to (2) and (3), computed at a rate per annum equal 
to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period from the due 
date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their earlier 
contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(b) Any Additional Limited Partners admitted after the final closing date of 
the Underlying 
Fund shall contribute, on or after the day of its admission or acceptance of 
its additional 
Subscription, (i) its proportionate share of funded Subscriptions of Limited 
Partners 
(other than Defaulting Partners) admitted in prior closings (including in 
respect of 
Partnership Expenses other than Management Fees) and (ii) the amount of the 
Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of such Additional 
Limited 
Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner subscribed for such Interest at 
the Initial 
Closing) plus, at the General Partners option, an interest-equivalent amount 
equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution, 
computed at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for 
the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were 
required to make 
their earlier contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(a) Any amounts contributed pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(3) or 3.3.1(b)(ii), 
including any interest 
thereon shall be paid to the Investment Manager. Other amounts shall be 
subject to 
adjustment as provided in 6.2.2 and shall be invested in the Underlying Fund 
or paid to 
existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund), which may result in 
the dilution 
of existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund and indirectly, 
limited partners 
of any such Feeder Fund), provided that any amounts which constitute 
interest paid to 
existing Limited Partners shall not increase such Limited Partners' unpaid 
EFTA01395183
--- PAGE 23 ---
Subscriptions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investments of the Underlying Fund made and 
disposed of 
prior to a particular subsequent closing will not be allocated to any 
Limited Partners 
admitted at such subsequent closing and the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, 
make any allocations or adjustments necessary to give effect to this 
provision. 
(b) 
The General Partner may apply this 3.3.1 to the limited partners of a Feeder 
Fund on a 
look-through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the 
Partnership or 
were subscribing for a direct interest in the Partnership (or to increase 
its Subscription to 
the Partnership), and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
adjust the Capital 
Accounts, Contributions, payments and distributions of and to the Limited 
Partners 
(including a Feeder Fund) in order to give effect to the foregoing and to 
the provisions of 
any limited partnership agreement of a Feeder Fund. 
3.3.2 Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner or 
substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing 
(either directly or by power of 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395184
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
attorney), together with the General Partner, a counterpart signature page 
to this Agreement providing for 
such admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an 
amendment to this Agreement 
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval 
of any other Partner. The 
General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate 
governmental authorities and take 
such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such 
admission. 
3.3.3 Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
The Limited Partners acknowledge that the Partnership, the General Partner, 
the Underlying Fund and 
their respective Affiliates may be subject to certain anti-money laundering 
laws and related 
pronouncements and may otherwise be prohibited from engaging in transactions 
with, or providing 
services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and 
individuals, including without limitation, 
specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers 
and other parties subject to 
United States government sanctions and embargo programs. In furtherance of 
the foregoing: 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will contribute to the 
Partnership 
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal 
under 
United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took 
place; and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the Partnership, to the 
extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such 
distribution 
is made in accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by 
such Limited Partner) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International Money 
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting 
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to 
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money 
laundering laws or regulations, in each case as amended and any successor 
statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(b) 
EFTA01395185
--- PAGE 25 ---
Each Limited Partner: (1) shall promptly notify the General Partner if, to 
the knowledge 
of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of 3.3.3(a); (2) shall 
provide the 
General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written 
request therefor, 
with any additional information regarding such Limited Partner or its 
beneficial owner(s) 
that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure 
compliance with 
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or all applicable laws, regulations and 
administrative 
pronouncements concerning other criminal activities; and (3) understands and 
agrees that 
if, at any time, the requirements of 3.3.3(a) or (b) are not satisfied, or 
if otherwise 
required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or 
regulation related 
to other criminal activities, the General Partner may take any actions as it 
determines to 
be necessary or advisable to comply with all such applicable laws, 
regulations and 
pronouncements, including "freezing" such Limited Partner's Interest or 
causing the 
compulsory redemption or Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest to 
another person 
or entity at no value. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395186
--- PAGE 26 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Partnership or the 
General 
Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited Partner 
and, if 
applicable, any of its beneficial owners, or provide such confidential 
information to the 
Underlying Fund such that they may release such confidential information, in 
each case 
to governmental authorities if the General Partner or the general partner of 
the 
Underlying Fund, as applicable, in their sole discretion, determine that 
releasing such 
information is in the best interest of the Partnership and/or the Underlying 
Fund in light 
of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under the 
laws referred 
to in 3.3.3(b)(2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any 
provision of 
this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this 3.3.3. 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any Limited 
Partner's 
subscription agreement, the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf 
of the 
Partnership, may, in its sole discretion and without the approval of any 
Limited Partner or 
any other Person, agree in writing with any Limited Partner to alternate 
representations 
and covenants of such Limited Partner reasonably designed to ensure 
compliance with 
applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and other criminal laws, regulations 
and 
administrative pronouncements and government sanctions, and thereby 
expressly waive 
compliance with all or any part of this 3.3.3 with respect to such Limited 
Partner. The 
Partners agree that any terms contained in such writing to or with a Limited 
Partner shall 
govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding the provisions 
of this 
Agreement or of any subscription agreement. 
(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, 
the General 
Partner in its own name and on behalf of the Partnership, acting alone, 
shall be authorized 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, to take such action as it 
determines to be 
EFTA01395187
--- PAGE 27 ---
necessary or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-
terrorist laws, 
rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions 
contemplated by 
the subscription agreements and in connection with actions contemplated by 
the 
governing documents of the Underlying Fund. 
3.4 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP. 
3.4.1 Management by General Partner. 
The management, policies and control of the Partnership shall be vested 
exclusively in the General 
Partner, who shall have the rights, powers and obligations required to be 
vested in or assumed by a 
general partner of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and 
otherwise as provided by law. Except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, the General 
Partner is hereby vested with 
the full, exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, 
manage and control the affairs of 
the Partnership (and to delegate the management and operation of the 
Partnership to the Investment 
Manager on the terms set forth in the Management Agreement) and to make all 
decisions affecting 
Partnership affairs, as deemed proper, convenient or advisable by the 
General Partner to carry on the 
business of the Partnership as described in 2.3. 
3.4.2 Powers of General Partner. 
(a) No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to 
determine the 
General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any 
undertaking on 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395188
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing 
upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this 
Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to 
implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to 
Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, 
Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership 
laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), 
determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell 
Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person 
authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, 
Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is 
subscription 
agreement with 
agreement with 
Administrator, 
(iv) any 
document in 
the 
Partnership, (v) 
appropriate in 
connection with the 
any agreement 
with a custodian to 
related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the 
Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership 
Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of 
(i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any 
amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General 
Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding 
being 
and the 
exercise any rights and powers the 
(i) the power to cause the 
under applicable tax or other 
and (ii) the power to 
any securities, including 
Agreement, 
required, the Partnership 
General Partner 
hereby authorized to execute and 
without the 
is hereby 
on behalf of the 
deliver (i) a 
each Limited Partner, (ii) an administration services 
the 
(iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, 
connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of 
subscription documents and other instruments necessary or 
Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) 
hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents 
EFTA01395189
--- PAGE 29 ---
sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a 
restriction on the 
power of the General 
the 
Partnership. 
(d) Notwithstanding 
consent of any 
Limited Partner or other 
hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of 
Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, 
administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its 
otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, 
3.4.3 Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement 
Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, 
employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide 
business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with 
the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, 
Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership 
in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, 
investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the 
rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons 
therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of 
General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of 
any other provision of this Agreement, without the 
Person being required, the General 
attorneys 
a Limited 
Partner is 
Partner to the Underlying 
and other service providers to effect, 
Partners' 
rule or 
rights and obligations, or as 
regulation. 
shall limit the rights of the General 
including any director, officer or 
advice to other investments, 
others, 
including 
similar or dissimilar to 
business ventures or 
or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging 
engage in or 
Limited 
provide advice to such 
Partners will have any 
or the income or profits derived 
Interests, and neither the 
L. P. 
EFTA01395190
--- PAGE 30 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Manager, nor any of their respective Affiliates shall have any obligation to 
disclose to the Partnership or 
the Limited Partners such investment activities. It is specifically 
acknowledged in this regard that the 
Investment Manager and its Affiliates perform similar administrative and 
management services for 
various clients. 
3.5 ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT VEHICLES. 
(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the 
General Partner 
determines in good faith that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting or 
other similar 
reasons, it is desirable that an investment be made utilizing an alternative 
investment 
structure, the General Partner shall be permitted to structure the making of 
all or any 
portion of such investment outside the Partnership, by requiring any Partner 
or Partners 
to, and such Partner or Partners shall, make such investment either directly 
or indirectly 
in, and become a limited partner, member, stockholder or other equity owner 
of, one or 
more partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other 
vehicles (other than 
the Partnership) (each, an "Alternative Investment Vehicle") (i) of which 
the General 
Partner, an Affiliate of the General Partner or one or more of their 
respective partners, 
members, managers, directors or officers shall serve as general partner, 
manager or in a 
similar capacity and (ii) which shall invest on a parallel basis with, or in 
lieu of, the 
Partnership, as the case may be Additionally, the General Partner shall be 
permitted to 
form more than one Alternative Investment Vehicle for the making of a single 
investment 
and may require that different Partners invest in different Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicles as the General Partner determines to be necessary or advisable for 
legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar reasons. 
(b) 
The Limited Partners and the General Partner (or its Affiliate), to the 
extent of their 
investment participation in an Alternative Investment Vehicle, may be 
required to make 
capital contributions directly to such Alternative Investment Vehicle to the 
same extent, 
for the same purposes and on substantially the same terms and conditions as 
EFTA01395191
--- PAGE 31 ---
Partners are 
required to make capital contributions to the Partnership, and such capital 
contributions 
shall reduce the unpaid Subscription of each Partner to the same extent that 
it would be 
reduced if made to the Partnership (i.e., capital contributions will be 
treated as if they 
were paid directly to the Partnership). The organizational documents of any 
such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle may be executed on behalf of Limited Partners 
investing 
therein by the General Partner pursuant to 14.7.1. 
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, 
the economic 
provisions of this Agreement and the partnership or similar agreement or 
instrument 
governing each such Alternative Investment Vehicle are intended to be, and 
hereby shall 
be, construed in all material respects and effected in such a manner as to 
cause each 
Limited Partner individually, and the General Partner and its affiliated 
entities that may 
be utilized to effectuate this 3.5 collectively, to receive the same 
aggregate allocations 
and distributions, at substantially the same times, from the Partnership and 
the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle as they would have been entitled to receive 
if (i) all 
capital contributions to the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made to, 
and all 
distributions from the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made by, the 
Partnership, 
(ii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle investments in the Underlying Fund 
and 
Alternative Investment Vehicle short-term investments were initially 
acquired by, and 
were at all times held by, the Partnership, and (iii) all Alternative 
Investment Vehicle 
expenses (including management fees incurred or paid by any Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicle) were incurred and paid solely by the Partnership; provided, 
however, that the 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395192
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
allocations and distributions may differ as a result of taxes and other 
expenses paid or 
payable by the Alternative Investment Vehicle (or any entity included in 
such vehicle), 
and, to the extent practicable, such taxes and other expenses shall be borne 
by the 
Limited Partners for whose benefit the Alternative Investment Vehicle was 
established. 
Without limiting the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of management 
fees or other 
fees among the Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the 
event that a 
Limited Partner Transfers any portion of its interest hereunder in the 
absence of a 
corresponding Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest of such 
Limited Partner in 
each other Alternative Investment Vehicle in which it is a limited partner 
or similar 
investor, or if any limited partner or similar investor in any Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicle Transfers any portion of its interest in any such entity without a 
corresponding 
Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest hereunder, such 
corresponding 
transferred and retained interest shall continue to be subject to the 
provisions of this 3.5, 
unless otherwise determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
Except as 
otherwise determined by the General Partner on or about the time of 
formation of the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, any issue regarding the interpretation of 
how the 
Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicle interact shall be 
governed by the laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
(d) Any Limited Partner that defaults on its obligations to any Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicle in which it invests and becomes a "defaulting partner," "defaulting 
member" or 
similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicle (after giving effect to any applicable cure periods 
thereunder) shall 
also be a Defaulting Partner hereunder and any Limited Partner that becomes a 
Defaulting Partner of the Partnership shall also be a "defaulting partner," 
"defaulting 
member" or similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument 
governing such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
EFTA01395193
--- PAGE 33 ---
(e) 
The economic terms of each Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be 
substantially the 
same in all material respects as those of the Partnership subject to any 
legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar considerations. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it 
is the intention of the Partners that each of the Partnership and each 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicle be treated as a separate entity (and not in partnership 
with one 
another) for United States federal and other income tax purposes. 
Accordingly, under no 
circumstances shall the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle: 
(i) guaranty or 
otherwise assume responsibility for the debts and obligations of the other; 
(ii) enter into 
any partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement with the other; or 
(iii) share 
investment profits or losses with the other (with the result that the 
amounts distributed to 
any Partner from any such entity shall reflect solely the contributions by 
and the 
allocations of profit and loss to such Partner with respect to such entity). 
(f) 
If the General Partner determines in good faith that for legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting 
or other similar reasons, or to facilitate the acquisition or management of 
an underlying 
investment, it is desirable that an investment be made by the Partnership 
through one or 
more partnerships, corporations, trusts or other entities all or 
substantially all of the 
beneficial interests in which are held directly or indirectly by the 
Partnership (an 
"Investment Subsidiary"), the General Partner shall be authorized to 
establish such 
Investment Subsidiary and cause the Partnership to utilize it for purposes 
of making one 
or more investments. 
In connection with such use of an Investment Subsidiary, the 
General Partner shall also be authorized, but not required, to adjust in 
good faith the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to (i) the allocation of Net Gain, Net 
Loss, 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395194
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partnership Expenses and other similar items and (ii) distributions, to 
minimize the tax 
and other costs associated with the use of the Investment Subsidiary and to 
cause such 
costs to be borne directly or indirectly by the Limited Partner(s) for whose 
benefit the 
Investment Subsidiary was established. 
3.6 
PARALLEL ACCESS FUNDS OR FEEDER FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner may form one or more 
limited partnerships or other investment vehicles to invest in parallel with 
the Partnership (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or Feeder Funds in order to comply with 
securities laws or to address tax, 
legal, regulatory or other issues of investors in such entity (including 
with respect to the structure of the 
Underlying Fund). In the event that a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund is 
established, the General 
Partner may (i) require one or more Limited Partners to withdraw from the 
Partnership and to be admitted 
as a limited partner of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and transfer a 
proportionate share of the 
Partnership's assets and liabilities to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund, (ii) admit one or more 
limited partners of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and acquire a 
proportionate share of such 
Parallel Access Fund's or Feeder Fund's assets and liabilities to the 
Partnership and (iii) admit any Feeder 
Fund as a limited partner of the Partnership; provided that no Limited 
Partner shall be required to 
participate in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund if such participation 
would result in material 
adverse consequences for such Limited Partner which would not have resulted 
from such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, 
the General Partner may apply 6.3 of this Agreement to the limited partners 
of a Feeder Fund on a lookthrough 
basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
1 
INVESTMENT GUIDELINES 
Except as set forth in the following sentence, the Partnership shall only 
make investments in the 
Underlying Fund. In addition, at such time any funds of the Partnership are 
not invested in the 
Underlying Fund, distributed to the Partners or applied towards expenses of 
the Partnership, the 
EFTA01395195
--- PAGE 35 ---
Partnership may invest such funds in Temporary Investments. 
4.2 
BORROWINGS 
The Partnership may enter into a credit facility with a third party (a 
"Credit Facility"), which may be 
secured by the Subscriptions of the Limited Partners pursuant to 6.3.4. 
Repayment of the principal 
amount and any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any Credit 
Facility will be made from 
Subscriptions. 
4.3 ERISA COMPLIANCE. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value 
of each class of equity interests in the Partnership is held by "benefit 
plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, and 
therefore (b) the assets of 
the Partnership do not constitute plan assets subject to the fiduciary 
standards of Part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA. In the event that the General Partner were to be deemed a "fiduciary" 
of any ERISA Partner 
under Section 3(21) of ERISA, then, in addition to whatever action it may 
take or be required to take 
because it was such a fiduciary, the General Partner will use commercially 
reasonable efforts to avoid the 
occurrence of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395196
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as 
it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the 
assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of 
Title I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for 
all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating 
expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms 
and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following 
expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and 
the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and 
telephone. 
5.2.1.3 Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without 
limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of 
the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General 
Partner; any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund 
(including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any, 
with the Underlying Fund and 
EFTA01395197
--- PAGE 37 ---
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary 
one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to 
normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and 
recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or 
Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services 
provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case 
services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not 
reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form 
documentation in respect of 
Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395198
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all 
or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses 
related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Partnership in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Partnership (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of 
hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding meetings or 
conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement 
Agents; any expenses incurred 
in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory obligation; and 
premiums for liability or other 
insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager and any of their 
respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, 
agents or Affiliates in 
connection with the activities of the Partnership, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. 
Partnership Expenses also include any costs and expenses associated with the 
ongoing operations of any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and 
expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other thirdparty 
service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges 
levied against such Alternative Investment Vehicles, including tax 
preparation expenses; expenses 
relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public 
relations undertaking and litigation, 
insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Partnership 
Expenses include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, 
all of the operating expenses of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, expenses of or relating 
to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the 
Partnership to the extent that they would 
be considered expenses of the Partnership pursuant to this 5.2.1.3 if they 
were incurred by the Partnership 
(and indirectly borne by the Limited Partners of the Feeder Fund through the 
Feeder Fund's interest as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership); provided, however, that operating 
expenses that are uniquely related 
to a specific Feeder Fund shall be determined with respect to, and paid 
separately by, such Feeder Fund, 
in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
EFTA01395199
--- PAGE 39 ---
Subject to 5.2.1.5 the Partnership Expenses shall be borne pro rata by all 
Limited Partners (including the 
Offshore Access Fund and other Feeder Funds, if any). Any contributions by 
Limited Partners to the 
Partnership to fund their share of Partnership Expenses (other than required 
payments pursuant to 3.3.1 
and 11.1.8) shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's 
Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Partnership 
Expenses). The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner or its 
Affiliates for any Partnership 
Expenses paid by them on behalf of the Partnership. 
5.2.1.4 Sharing of Partnership Expenses with Parallel Access Funds. 
The Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund shall share common fees and 
expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
entity in the Underlying Fund, to 
the extent practicable. If, upon subsequent closings of the Partnership and 
any Parallel Access Fund, 
there is a change in the ratios of the aggregate capital commitments made to 
each such fund to the 
aggregate capital commitments made to all such funds, then the General 
Partner may adjust the relative 
amounts paid by such funds in respect of expenses, to reflect as nearly as 
practicable the situation that 
would have existed if the respective aggregate capital commitments made to 
each fund had always been 
in the same relative proportions as those in effect after the change in the 
ratio of capital commitments. 
The General Partner is authorized to take such actions as it determines are 
reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order to effect the intention of this 5.2.1.4 and the other 
provisions of this Agreement 
relating to Parallel Access Funds in connection with the operation of the 
Partnership and any Parallel 
Access Fund. 
5.2.1.5 Certain Expenses. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395200
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by 
the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or 
the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any 
other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any 
specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General 
Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash 
distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 
5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall 
be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 Amount. 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or 
a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited 
Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated 
Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fees assessed with respect to the Limited 
Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first 
date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee 
of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to 
such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the 
first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through 
the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter 
shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in 
the limited partnership agreement 
EFTA01395201
--- PAGE 41 ---
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last 
day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner 
(A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per 
quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals 
or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% 
per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals 
or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); 
and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee 
for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such 
Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in 
accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each 
Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's 
Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the 
aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an 
additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395202
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effective as of the Initial Closing Date, and, unless waived by the 
Investment Manager, shall include 
interest accrued at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 
2% and (B) 8% on unpaid 
Management Fee amounts due for the period between the Initial Drawdown Date 
and the date of such 
increase or admission, which interest component shall be in addition to, and 
not a part of, a Limited 
Partner's Subscription or reduce the unpaid portion of a Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The 
Management Fee payable for any period of less than a full fiscal quarter 
shall be proportionately adjusted 
based upon the ratio the number of days in such period bears to ninety (90). 
Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole discretion may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the 
Management Fee attributable to any Limited Partner at any time (including in 
connection with the transfer 
of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership), and no such waiver or 
reduction shall be applicable to 
any other Partner absent the approval of the Investment Manager. 
The applicable Management Fee for a limited partner in any Feeder Fund shall 
be calculated based on the 
limited partner's subscription to such Feeder Fund. 
5.2.2.2 Timing of Payments. 
Payments of Management Fees shall be calculated and made quarterly in 
advance on the first Business 
Day of each fiscal quarter of the Partnership. The first payment shall be 
due upon the Initial Drawdown 
Date or such later date as determined by the General Partner. If the Initial 
Drawdown Date is not the first 
day of a fiscal quarter of the Partnership however, the Partnership's first 
payment shall include the pro 
rata amount due until the beginning of the first succeeding fiscal quarter 
of the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 6- CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 OBLIGATION TO CONTRIBUTE. 
6.1.1 
In General. 
Each Partner shall make capital contributions to the Partnership, in 
accordance with and subject to the 
terms of this Agreement, in an aggregate amount equal to such Partner's 
Subscription plus any additional 
amounts pursuant to 3.3.1, 5.2.1.5, 11.1 8, and any unused contribution 
returned pursuant to 6.2.1. 
Except as provided in 6.3.2, the amount of capital required to be 
contributed by each Partner on the 
occasion of a drawdown shall be determined by the General Partner based on 
the ratio of such Partner's 
EFTA01395203
--- PAGE 43 ---
Percentage Interest to the aggregate Percentage Interests of all Partners; 
provided that, any contributions 
to fund unpaid Management Fees will be made by the Partners pro rata in 
accordance with their shares of 
such unpaid Management Fees. All capital contributions shall be made to the 
Partnership by wire transfer 
or other transfer of federal or other immediately available U.S. funds on 
the relevant due date to the 
account designated for such purpose. Subject to 6.3.2, each Partner shall be 
obligated to make payment in 
full of each required capital contribution together with any interest or 
other amounts due thereon, and no 
Partner shall make (nor shall the General Partner or the Partnership be 
obligated to accept) less than the 
full amount of any such required capital contribution. Unless otherwise 
approved by the General Partner, 
all Limited Partner capital contributions made pursuant to this Agreement 
must be made through or from 
a United States bank. 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions. 
Each Partner's initial capital contribution shall be due upon written notice 
from the General Partner on 
either the date such Partner is admitted to the Partnership or, if a later 
date, upon not less than seven (7) 
Business Days' prior written notice (the first date on which initial capital 
contributions are due to the 
Partnership is referred to herein as the "Initial Drawdown Date"). The 
General Partner may require each 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395204
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Partnership on their 
Initial Drawdown Date equal to 
a portion of their Subscription. 
6.1.3 Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
The General Partner is authorized to draw down additional capital 
contributions from time to time for any 
purposes contemplated under this Agreement generally upon not less than 
seven (7) Business Days' prior 
written notice, except in certain limited circumstances where the General 
Partner deems it prudent to 
require capital contributions to be made on shorter notice. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if any Limited 
Partner has failed to make a capital contribution when due (including such 
Partner's initial capital 
contribution), the General Partner in its sole discretion may call for a 
deficiency drawdown of 
contributions from the other Partners to replace the unpaid contribution 
upon seven (7) Business Days' 
prior written notice (or such shorter amount of time as was required for the 
initial capital contributions 
that required the deficiency drawdown). For purposes of 6.3, the amount of a 
Limited Partner's 
contribution that is not paid when due shall be deemed to include such 
Limited Partner's ratable share, 
determined on a grossed-up basis, of any deficiency drawdown with respect to 
such Limited Partner's 
unpaid contribution. 
6.1.4 Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement. 
The General Partner shall send written notice of a call for capital 
contributions, or a rescission or 
postponement of such a call, to each Limited Partner by electronic mail. A 
notice calling for capital 
contributions may be rescinded or postponed by the General Partner by prompt 
written notice. 
6.1.5 Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals. 
In connection with any call for capital contributions under this Agreement, 
the General Partner is 
authorized to apply cash that would otherwise be distributed to a Partner in 
satisfaction of such Partner's 
obligation to make a capital contribution pursuant to such call, to the 
extent thereof. The amount applied 
shall be deemed distributed to the Partner by the Partnership and then 
contributed by the Partner to the 
Partnership in satisfaction of such Partner's obligation to contribute 
capital hereunder and such Partner's 
Contribution shall be adjusted accordingly. No interest shall accrue on any 
Partner's Contribution. No 
Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid its Contribution 
except as specifically provided in 
EFTA01395205
--- PAGE 45 ---
this Agreement. 
6.1.6 General Partner's Authority to Reduce Subscriptions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may reduce the Subscriptions of 
all Partners on a pro rata basis. 
The General Partner shall give each Partner written notice of the reduction, 
which notice shall include the 
amount of such Partner's reduced Subscription. 
6.1.7 Subscription of the General Partner. 
The General Partner shall not have a Subscription. 
6.2 RETURN OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS SUBJECT TO SUBSEQUENT DRAWDOWN. 
6.2.1 Unused Contributions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to 
return to the Partners all or any 
portion of capital contributions that have not been (a) contributed to the 
Underlying Fund, (b) reserved for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395206
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or applied to the payment or reimbursement of expenses or liabilities of the 
Partnership or (c) used for 
other purposes, together with any interest or other income or gains 
("Partner Interest") earned by the 
Partnership with such capital contributions prior to their return. Such 
contributions and Partner Interest 
shall be distributed to the Partners pro rata in proportion to the 
respective amounts of contributions made 
by them that are being returned and shall increase the Partners' unpaid 
Subscriptions. 
6.2.2 Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an 
Additional Limited Partner, 
and provided that the Partnership does not make a corresponding increase in 
its capital contribution to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner shall return to each of the non-
contributing Partners, in proportion 
to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to 
the Partnership in an aggregate 
amount not in excess of the new contribution (less any Management Fee and 
interest due in accordance 
with 5.2.2.1, which shall be paid to the Investment Manager in accordance 
with (a)); provided that the 
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the 
contribution required to be made by 
the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to 3.3.1(b) so that, on a net basis 
after the return of contributions, 
all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their 
Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its 
sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as "guaranteed payments" (as 
defined in Section 707(c) of 
the Code), other than the Additional Limited Partner, in proportion to their 
Contributions, all or a portion 
of the interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant 
to 3.3.1. 
6.2.3 Effect of Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall make all appropriate adjustments, including to the 
amount of the Partners' 
respective Contributions, unpaid Subscriptions, distributions, Capital 
Accounts and any other items that 
are adjusted for capital drawdowns, so that the amounts of all such items 
are, to the maximum extent 
possible, the same as they would have been had the capital drawdown that 
gave rise to any contribution 
that is returned pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 never occurred and to otherwise 
give effect to the intended 
economic arrangement set forth in 3.3.1and 6.2.2. No such adjustments shall 
be made, however, to reflect 
any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to (a) 
EFTA01395207
--- PAGE 47 ---
Partner Interest or (b) the payment 
to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the 
Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
A return of a Partner's capital contributions pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 
shall reduce such Partner's Capital 
Account, but shall not otherwise be treated as a distribution for purposes 
of this Agreement, unless the 
context so requires. 
3 
FAILURE TO MAKE REQUIRED PAYMENT. 
6.3.1 Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any failure by a 
Limited Partner to pay a capital 
contribution in full when due or any other payment required pursuant to this 
Agreement, interest will 
accrue at the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital 
contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the date of full 
payment of such capital 
contribution by such Partner (or a transferee), including any interest 
accrued. The "Default Rate" with 
respect to any period shall be a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) 
LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
such period. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the 
requirement to pay interest, in 
whole or in part. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395208
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 Default. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including in 11.1.8 and 
14.7.11), if any 
Limited Partner fails to make a capital contribution when due, including in 
connection 
with recalls of distributions, or any other payment required pursuant to 
this Agreement 
(including (a) expenses incurred in respect of Transfers (b) expenses 
incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership to the extent that any tax information or 
return is 
required to be prepared by the General Partner or the Partnership because of 
the identity, 
jurisdiction or action of the Limited Partner (including the election not to 
receive 
Schedule K-1 electronically) and (c) any applicable interest charged in 
connection with a 
subsequent closing), then the General Partner may designate such Partner a 
"Defaulting 
Partner". The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of 
each Partner to 
make the contributions to capital specified in this Agreement, and the 
Partnership shall 
have all remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such 
contribution is not so 
made. The remedies provided for in this 6.3.2 are in addition to and not in 
limitation of 
any other right or remedy of the Partnership provided by law or equity, this 
Agreement, 
or any other agreement entered into by or among any one or more of the 
Partners and/or 
the Partnership (including, without limitation, any subscription agreement 
relating to the 
Partnership). Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that the remedy at law for 
damages 
resulting from its default under this Agreement is inadequate because the 
funding of 
Partnership investments and other obligations requires the timely 
availability of required 
capital contributions. In addition, (a) any material breach of any of the 
representations 
and warranties made by a Limited Partner in the subscription agreement or 
(b) any failure 
by a Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or 
Investment Manager in connection with anti-money laundering or similar 
programs, shall 
be considered a default hereunder and the General Partner may designate any 
EFTA01395209
--- PAGE 49 ---
such 
breaching Partner as a "Defaulting Partner" The Partners agree that the 
damages suffered 
by the Partnership as the result of a default by a Defaulting Partner will 
be substantial and 
that such damages cannot be estimated with reasonable accuracy. Upon the 
occurrence of 
a default by a Limited Partner (or, in the case of a Feeder Fund, a default 
by such Feeder 
Fund's limited partners), the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
pursue one or 
more of the following actions, as applicable: 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
The institution of an action for specific performance of the Defaulting 
Partner's 
obligation to contribute the capital contribution(s) in question; 
Prohibit the Defaulting Partner from participating in any future capital 
calls; 
Determine that no additional capital contribution shall be accepted from the 
Defaulting Partner; 
Cause the compulsory redemption without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest; the redeemed Interest 
may 
be distributed to non-defaulting Limited Partners either (A) in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions or (B) on any other equitable basis as the 
General Partner determines. Non-defaulting Limited Partners who accept a 
distribution of all or a portion of such Defaulting Partner's Interest may, 
at the 
option of the General Partner, be obligated to fund any capital calls in 
connection therewith; 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395210
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(5) 
Cause the compulsory Transfer without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest and its unpaid 
Subscription 
to any third party on such terms and conditions as the Investment Manager 
and/or General Partner deem appropriate; 
(6) 
(7) 
(8) 
(9) 
Cause the Defaulting Partner not to share in any income or gain realized by 
the 
Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest of 
losses and Partnership Expenses; 
Reduce the unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to zero or such 
other 
amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion; 
Force the Defaulting Partner to sell its interest in the Partnership, with 
the full 
assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, including 
any portion then due and unpaid; 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with interest (unless 
such interest is otherwise waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction 
of its 
then outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder, provided that such 
Limited Partner shall remain a Defaulting Partner until the next full 
calendar 
quarter following such contribution and applicable interest; 
(10) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner and any 
amounts required to be contributed to the Partnership by such Defaulting 
Partner related to reimbursement of Partnership Expenses or any current or 
future Management Fees to be assessed to such Limited Partner to become 
immediately due and payable; 
(11) 
(12) 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the Defaulting 
Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner an abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, including without limitation, such Partner's 
Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription; 
(13) Withhold any distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting 
Partner until such time as the Partnership makes its final liquidating 
distribution, or until such earlier time as the General Partner may 
determine. 
Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by the 
Partnership for any purpose; 
(14) 
EFTA01395211
--- PAGE 51 ---
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and remedies against 
the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement 
of a lawsuit to collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, 
and 
reimbursement (with interest at the Default Rate) of any other damages 
suffered by the Partnership; 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395212
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(15) 
(16) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, limit or eliminate 
such 
Defaulting Partner's ability to vote, consent or withhold consent with 
respect to 
any Partnership matter; 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, elect to terminate 
the 
interest of such Defaulting Partner, whereupon such Defaulting Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner, and shall have no further interest in the 
Partnership, including any right to receive distributions of cash or 
property, or 
to vote on any matter (if the General Partner elects to exercise its rights 
under 
this clause (a), the interest of such Defaulting Partner shall be reallocated 
among all non-Defaulting Partners, pro rata based on their respective 
Subscriptions); and 
(17) 
(b) 
To the extent that such Defaulting Partner's Interests are treated on a 
lookthrough 
basis by the Underlying Fund, such Defaulting Partner may also be 
subject to the remedies prescribed by the Underlying Fund. 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns) may, in its sole discretion, exercise any 
remedy in respect 
of the Defaulting Partner and/or the interest of the Defaulting Partner that 
could have 
been exercised by the General Partner if the provisions of the limited 
partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund were contained herein in their entirety, 
mutatis 
mutandis. In addition, in the event that a Limited Partner's default results 
in or 
contributes to a default by the Partnership under the limited partnership 
agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner may take any such actions in accordance 
with 
6.3.3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above 
shall be 
cumulative, and the use by the General Partner of one or more of them 
against a 
Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the use of any other such remedy. Each 
Limited 
Partner agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys' 
fees) incurred by or on behalf of the Partnership in connection with the 
EFTA01395213
--- PAGE 53 ---
enforcement of 
this Agreement against such Limited Partner as a result of a default by such 
Limited 
Partner. 
(c) Upon an event of default by a Partner, if the General Partner elects to 
exercise its powers, 
duties or discretions with respect to such Partner under this 6.3.2, any 
income, profit or 
gain that otherwise would have been allocated to the Capital Account of such 
Defaulting 
Partner may be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all the other Partners 
(other than any 
other Defaulting Partner) pro rata in accordance with their respective 
Percentage 
Interests (calculated without giving effect to the Percentage Interest of 
any Defaulting 
Partner). 
(a) 
The application of the penalty provisions in this 6.3.2 shall not relieve 
any Defaulting 
Partner of its obligation to make all payments of its capital contributions 
when due. No 
course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner and 
no delay in 
exercising any right, power or remedy conferred in this 6.3.2 or existing at 
law or in 
equity or by statute or otherwise will operate as a waiver or otherwise 
prejudice any such 
right, power or remedy. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395214
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.3 Bifurcated Default. 
If the Partnership fails to contribute all or any portion of any capital 
call amount set forth in a funding 
notice received from the Underlying Fund as and when due (an "Access Fund 
Default"), and such failure 
results from the failure of one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited 
Partner, a "Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital call issued 
by the Partnership (regardless 
of whether or not such Defaulting Access Fund Investor is also a "Defaulting 
Partner" for purposes of this 
Agreement), then the general partner of the Underlying Fund has 
contractually agreed with the General 
Partner to only treat the Partnership as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined 
in the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund (an "Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner")) 
with respect to the portion 
of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund that has defaulted 
(e.g., if an Access Fund Default 
occurs whereby the Partnership only funds 95% of the capital call amount set 
forth in a funding notice for 
the Underlying Fund as a result of a default in a corresponding amount by 
one or more Defaulting Access 
Fund Investors, then 5% of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund 
will be treated as a 
Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund so requests upon any Access Fund Default, the 
General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the General 
Partner will delegate to the 
Underlying Fund, the authority to exercise directly for the direct benefit 
of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement against a Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor as if they were 
a Defaulting Partner (regardless of whether or not they have been deemed a 
"Defaulting Partner" pursuant 
to this Agreement), and the Partnership and the General Partner will provide 
such assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the general partner of the Underlying Fund in 
connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of this Agreement, 
in order to equitably determine 
the rights and obligations of any Limited Partner with respect to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner 
may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund with a capital 
commitment equal to such Limited Partner's Subscription to the Partnership, 
EFTA01395215
--- PAGE 55 ---
and if any Limited Partner 
defaults on its commitment to the Partnership (thereby becoming a Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor), any 
default penalties imposed by the general partner of the Underlying Fund may 
be allocated solely by the 
General Partner to the applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the 
maximum extent possible. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the default provisions under 6.3 to each investor in any 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund on a look-through basis as if such investor was a direct limited 
partner of the Partnership instead of 
applying such provisions directly to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund. 
6.3.4 Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
The General Partner is hereby specifically authorized to assign to a third 
party as security for 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Partnership (i) all or a portion of 
the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of the Limited Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and 
the General Partner's rights 
relating to the unpaid Subscriptions, including without limitation, the 
right to deliver notices, to receive 
payment of Subscriptions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with 
respect to unpaid Subscriptions 
and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to fund their 
respective unpaid Subscriptions 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided 
that the liability of the Limited 
Partners to make contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited 
Partner hereby agrees to 
execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any 
such assignment, including 
an agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395216
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
As security for the payment and performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement (including its 
obligation to make capital contributions), each Limited Partner hereby 
assigns to the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns (including any Person to which the Partnership may 
assign such obligations as 
collateral for any borrowings), as a continuing security by way of first 
fixed charge, all of such Limited 
Partner's right, title, benefit and interest in and to such Limited 
Partner's interest in the Partnership. 
If a 
default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns may exercise 
all the rights of a secured party under applicable law, including the power 
to sell or otherwise dispose of, 
for any consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall 
think fit, the whole or any part 
of such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. Upon request of the 
Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, 
file and record any notice, 
financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or 
agreement that the 
Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable 
to create, perfect, continue or 
validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or 
the Partnership's assigns may 
consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights hereunder 
with respect to such security 
interest. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 AMOUNT, TIMING AND FORM. 
7.1.1 General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall 
determine the amount, timing 
and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all distributions made by the 
Partnership. 
7.1.2 Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. 
The Partnership shall distribute, in the manner described in this Article 7 
or Article 10, as the case may 
be, all cash proceeds of its investments as promptly as practicable. 
Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the 
Partnership to retain proceeds of 
investments for any amounts necessary to create, in the General Partner's 
sole discretion, reserves for the 
payment of Partnership Expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital 
contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. 
EFTA01395217
--- PAGE 57 ---
7.2 DISCRETIONARY DISTRIBUTIONS. 
7.2.1 General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions shall be 
made to and among the Partners 
pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
The General Partner shall as necessary and in good faith adjust the amounts 
distributable to one or more 
Partners pursuant to this 7.2.1 to take into account (i) reserves 
established to pay Management Fees in 
future periods that are ultimately released or used to pay other Partnership 
Expenses, and (ii) other events 
or circumstances that would impact the amounts distributed to a Partner, 
provided that, any such 
adjustment shall, to the maximum extent possible, be intended to result in 
the Partners bearing the 
economic costs of the respective Management Fee attributed to them pursuant 
to 5.2.2.1 but otherwise 
sharing in the economic performance of the Partnership in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395218
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
7.2.2 Operational Rules. 
For purposes of 7.2.1 and this 7.2.2: 
(a) 
If distributions to which a Defaulting Partner otherwise would have been 
entitled have 
been withheld pursuant to 6.3.2, the amounts so withheld shall be treated as 
having been 
distributed to such Partner and any subsequent distributions of such amounts 
to the 
Defaulting Partner shall be disregarded; 
(b) Amounts treated as distributed to a Partner pursuant to 7.4 and the 
amounts of any 
reductions in the amounts otherwise distributable to a Partner pursuant to 
11.1.8 shall be 
taken into account as if such amounts had been distributed to such Partner 
pursuant to 
7.2.1; 
(c) Distributions made to any Partner's predecessors in interest shall be 
treated as having 
been made to such Partner; 
(d) 
(e) 
7.3 
The amount of any distribution of securities in kind shall be equal to the 
fair market value 
of such securities at the time of distribution; and 
If there are Defaulting Partners, distributions shall be modified to the 
extent required by 
Article 6; and references in this Article 7 to "Partners" and to "Limited 
Partner" shall be 
modified accordingly. 
SPECIAL DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Distributions of available cash corresponding to amounts of Partnership net 
income and gains that have 
been specially allocated to Partners pursuant to 8.3 shall be made, at such 
time or times as the General 
Partner in its discretion shall determine, to the Partners to whom such net 
income and gains have been 
allocated. No distribution made to a Partner pursuant to this 7.3 shall be 
taken into account in 
determining the amount previously distributed to (or to be distributed to) 
such Partner pursuant to the 
other provisions of this Article 7. 
7.4 
PAYMENT OF TAXES. 
7.4.1 General. 
If the Partnership incurs an obligation to pay (directly or indirectly) any 
amount in respect of taxes with 
respect to amounts allocated or distributed to one or more Partners 
EFTA01395219
--- PAGE 59 ---
(including as a result of an audit or 
other tax proceeding), including but not limited to withholding taxes 
imposed on any Partner's or former 
Partner's share of the Partnership gross or net income and gains (or items 
thereof), income taxes, as well 
as any taxes imposed on the Partnership under Section 1446(f) of the Code 
(or any similar taxes imposed 
by any state, local or non-U.S. taxing authority) as a result of a Transfer 
with respect to which the Limited 
Partner was a party, any interest, penalties or additions to tax and any tax 
or other liability described in 
14.6.2 (in each case, "Tax Liability"), or if the amount of a payment or 
distribution of cash or other 
property to the Partnership is reduced as a result of withholding or 
imposition of taxes, penalties and 
interest by other parties in satisfaction of any such Tax Liability: 
(a) All payments by the Partnership in satisfaction of such Tax Liability 
and all reductions in 
the amount of a payment or distribution that the Partnership otherwise would 
have 
received shall be treated, pursuant to this 7.4, as distributed to those 
Partners or former 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395220
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable (and therefore 
shall reduce 
distributions under this Agreement to which such Partners otherwise would 
have been 
entitled), as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable 
discretion; and 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Partnership and 
any other Indemnitee for its share of any Tax Liability and for all claims, 
liabilities and 
expenses of whatever nature relating to the Partnership's or the 
Indemnitee's obligation 
to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise to pay, any withholding or other 
taxes payable 
by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates with respect to such Limited 
Partner or as a 
result of such Limited Partner's participation in the Partnership or as 
otherwise 
attributable to such Limited Partner or such Limited Partner's Interest. 
7.4.2 Tax Liability. 
The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's accountants or 
other advisers, shall determine 
the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability attributable to any Partner. For 
this purpose, the General Partner 
shall be entitled to treat any Partner as ineligible for an exemption from 
or reduction in rate of such Tax 
Liability under a tax treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such 
Partner provides the General 
Partner with such written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant 
tax authorities may require to 
establish such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may 
treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to a Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the 
Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners 
as the General Partner may 
reasonably request or as the relevant tax authorities may require. 
7.4.3 Partnership Obligation. 
For purposes of this 7.4, any obligation to pay any amount in respect of any 
Tax Liability incurred by the 
General Partner with respect to income of or distributions made to any other 
Partner or former Partner 
shall constitute a Partnership obligation. 
7.5 CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS PROHIBITED. 
Anything in this Article 7 to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution 
shall be made to any Partner if, 
and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under 
Sections 17-607(a) or 17-804(c) of 
EFTA01395221
--- PAGE 61 ---
the Delaware Act. 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 CAPITAL ACCOUNTS. 
8.1.1 Creation and Maintenance. 
There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a capital account 
for each Partner (such 
Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(a) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership by such 
Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or 
gain allocated 
to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or Appendix II; 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395222
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(b) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and (2) any amounts 
in the 
nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article 
or 
Appendix II; and 
(c) Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement 
including, but 
not limited to, 6.3.2(a)(5). 
8.1.2 Timing of Allocations. 
Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other items of income, gain, loss 
and deduction pursuant to 
this Article 8 and Appendix II shall be made for each fiscal year of the 
Partnership as of the end of such 
fiscal year; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of the assets of 
the Partnership are adjusted in 
accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date 
of such adjustment shall be 
considered to be the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and 
allocating such Net Gain, Net 
Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
8.1.3 Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 8.1, including the provisions relating to the 
maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(b) of the Code and Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.704-1(b), and 
shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such 
regulations. 
8.2 ALLOCATIONS OF NET GAIN OR LOSS. 
8.2.1 Net Gain and Net Loss, Generally. 
Except as explicitly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the items of 
income, gain, loss or deduction of 
the Partnership comprising Net Gain or Net Loss for a fiscal year shall be 
allocated by the General Partner 
among the Partners in a manner such that the Capital Account of each 
Partner, immediately after making 
such allocation, is, as nearly as possible, equal (proportionately) to: 
(a) 
the distributions that would be made to such Partner pursuant to 7.2.1 (as 
adjusted by the 
other provisions of Article 7) if (x) the Partnership were dissolved, its 
affairs wound up 
and its assets sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, (y) all 
Partnership liabilities 
were satisfied (limited in the case of each Nonrecourse Liability to the 
Carrying Value of 
the assets securing such liability) and (z) the net assets of the 
Partnership were distributed 
in accordance with 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the other provision of Article 7) 
EFTA01395223
--- PAGE 63 ---
to the Partners 
immediately after making such allocations, minus 
(b) 
such Partner's share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of the 
assets. 
All allocations may be adjusted in the sole discretion of the General 
Partner to take into account any 
charges or adjustments to be made to a Partner's Capital Account under this 
Agreement, including but not 
limited to, expenses specially charged to a Partner or a Partner's Capital 
Account and for Defaulting 
Partners. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395224
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited 
Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent 
required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the 
transferor or 
the transferee of the Partnership interest involved to the extent such party 
bears the 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with 
respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially 
allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due, 
allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case 
may be. 
8.3 OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II, the 
following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those 
Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary 
Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of 
their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated 
to all Partners 
other than the Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their 
respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any 
existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 
3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, 
loss and expense otherwise 
EFTA01395225
--- PAGE 65 ---
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after 
such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account 
balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership 
on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such 
admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when 
originally due; provided, however, 
that the allocations otherwise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to 
those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395226
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
1 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP. 
The term of the Partnership shall continue until the first anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying 
Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically upon any extension 
thereof), unless its term is extended 
as provided in this 9.1, or unless it is sooner dissolved as provided in 9.2 
or 9.3 or by operation of law. 
The term of the Partnership may be extended by the General Partner in its 
sole discretion. The General 
Partner shall notify the Limited Partners promptly of any extension. 
9.2 DISSOLUTION UPON WITHDRAWAL OF GENERAL PARTNER. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be dissolved if there shall occur with respect to the 
General Partner 
any of the events of withdrawal described in Sections 17-402(a)(2) through 
17-402(a)(11) 
of the Delaware Act, unless a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners 
elect to 
continue the Partnership and elect a replacement General Partner within 
ninety (90) days 
of the General Partner's withdrawal. 
(b) 
If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage of the period 
specified in the 
Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or 
(5) of the 
Delaware Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the 
occurrence of 
such event within 30 days after the occurrence of such event (or within the 
maximum 
time then permitted under the Delaware Act). 
(c) 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the event of the dissolution, 
death, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of any 
Limited Partner, or 
any other similar event involving the existence, status or organization of a 
Limited 
Partner. 
9.3 DISSOLUTION BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Partnership and any of the Alternative 
Investment Vehicles at any 
time on not less than 30 days' prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 GENERAL. 
Following dissolution, the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated in an 
orderly manner. The General 
EFTA01395227
--- PAGE 67 ---
Partner shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Partnership 
pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, however, that if there shall be no remaining General Partner at 
that time, a majority-in-interest 
of the Limited Partners may designate one or more other Persons to act as 
the liquidator (or liquidators) 
instead of the General Partner. Any such liquidator, other than the General 
Partner, shall be a "liquidating 
trustee" within the meaning of Section 17-101(10) of the Delaware Act. 
10.2 LIQUIDATING DISTRIBUTIONS. 
The liquidator shall pay or provide for the satisfaction of the 
Partnership's liabilities and obligations to 
creditors. In performing its duties, the liquidator is authorized to sell, 
exchange or otherwise dispose of 
the assets of the Partnership in such reasonable manner as the liquidator 
shall determine. All items of 
income, gain, loss and expense shall be allocated among the Partners in 
accordance with Article 8 and 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395228
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Appendix II, and the remaining assets of the Partnership shall then be 
distributed to the Partners in cash 
(to the extent feasible) or in kind, in the sole discretion of the 
liquidator, in proportion to the positive 
balances in their respective Capital Accounts, after such Capital Accounts 
have been adjusted to reflect 
any Net Gain or Net Loss attributable to a distribution in kind. During the 
liquidation of the Partnership, 
the liquidator shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and 
other information specified in 14.2, 
subject to 14.7.8. 
10.3 EXPENSES OF LIQUIDATOR. 
The expenses incurred by the liquidator in connection with winding up the 
Partnership and reasonable 
compensation for the services of the liquidator (if any) shall be borne by 
the Partnership. If the General 
Partner serves as the liquidator, it shall not be entitled to additional 
compensation for providing services 
in such capacity as long as it or an Affiliate continues to be entitled to 
payments of the Management Fees. 
10.4 DURATION OF LIQUIDATION. 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up of the affairs of the 
Partnership in order to 
minimize any losses that might otherwise result. The liquidator shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts 
to carry out the liquidation in conformity with the timing requirements of 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), but will not be bound to do so or liable to 
any Partner for failure to do so. 
10.5 LIABILITY FOR RETURNS. 
10.5.1 General. 
The liquidator, the General Partner and their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, 
directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall not be 
personally liable for the return of the 
capital contributions of any Partner. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
No Limited Partner shall be obligated to restore to the Partnership any 
amount with respect to a negative 
Capital Account; provided, however, that this provision shall not affect the 
obligations of Partners to 
make their agreed-upon capital contributions and any other payments to the 
Partnership that are required 
under this Agreement or applicable law, including without limitation 
pursuant to 12.4. 
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS. 
11.1.1 General. 
No assignment, pledge, mortgage, hypothecation, sale or other disposal of or 
EFTA01395229
--- PAGE 69 ---
encumbrance (each such act, 
a "Transfer") of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, in whole 
or in part, shall be made other 
than pursuant to this 11.1. Any attempted Transfer of all or any part of a 
Limited Partner's interest in the 
Partnership without compliance with this Agreement shall be void. Each 
Transfer (a) shall be subject to 
all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth in this 
Agreement and (b) shall be 
evidenced by a written agreement executed by the transferor, the 
transferee(s) and the General Partner, in 
form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, and be effective as 
of the first day or last day of a 
fiscal quarter (unless otherwise agreed to by the General Partner). 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395230
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner. 
The prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or 
withheld in its sole discretion, 
shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, 
including a Transfer of solely an economic or synthetic interest in the 
Partnership. In determining 
whether to grant its consent to a Transfer, the General Partner shall take 
into account whether such 
Transfer would result in the "termination" of the Partnership pursuant to 
Section 708 of the Code and, if 
so, whether such termination would result in material adverse income tax 
consequences or material 
additional expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. 
The General Partner shall not cause or permit any offering of interests in 
the Partnership to be registered 
under the Securities Act or to become "traded on an established securities 
market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof," and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that, to 
the General Partner's 
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a 
trade on a "secondary market 
or the substantial equivalent thereof," in each case within the meaning of 
Sections 7704 or 469(k) of the 
Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers. 
No Transfer of any "partnership interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in 
the Partnership or portion thereof or derivative interest therein shall be 
permitted or "recognized" (within 
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership 
or the General Partner unless 
either (a) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the 
Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury 
Regulations under Section 7704 or 
(b) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the 
Partnership's tax advisors, that 
such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a publicly 
traded partnership under 
Section 7704(b) of the Code. 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
(a) 
(1) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General Partner, in 
connection 
with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through (A) a United States 
EFTA01395231
--- PAGE 71 ---
national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates 
firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may 
be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a 
broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person 
who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to 
interests 
in the Partnership. 
(b) 
(c) 
The transferor and 
representations as 
the General Partner 
required by 14.6.4. 
The General Partner 
rely upon any 
representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether pursuant 
to 11.1.5(a) or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
transferee(s) shall provide such additional written 
reasonably may request, including representations 
and counsel to the Partnership shall be permitted to 
EFTA01395232
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners 
made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in 
its sole 
discretion, may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise 
required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each 
transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation, proof of 
payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to 
determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 
1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(f)(4) of the Code), and any 
similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited 
Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or 
reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under 
Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. 
law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a 
party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this 
provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as 
well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its 
consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning 
of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
(c) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership 
or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or 
entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or 
control with respect to 
EFTA01395233
--- PAGE 73 ---
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being 
held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
(e) 
(f) 
(g) 
(h) 
(1) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act; 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the 
Investment 
Company Act; 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an 
investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income 
tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded 
partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code; 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying 
Fund; or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395234
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(1) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is 
not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), 
a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified 
client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a 
Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
Any Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by 
the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to 
compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The 
General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
Any transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and 
severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any 
expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of 
seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous 
expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum 
Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the 
transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in 
preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General 
Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the 
transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable 
time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or 
the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the 
transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution 
that otherwise would have 
EFTA01395235
--- PAGE 75 ---
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as 
having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General 
Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written 
consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 
11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be 
admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to 
this Article 11 that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights 
and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date 
of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall 
become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the 
interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) 
such transferee shall have no right 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395236
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
to participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents 
granted or withheld by the Limited 
Partners hereunder, and (b) the transferor (or the estate, legal 
representative, or other successor of the 
original owner, if applicable) shall remain liable to the Partnership for 
all contributions and other amounts 
payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no 
Transfer had occurred. 
11.3 NON-COMPLIANT TRANSFER. 
If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has not satisfied the 
requirements of this Article 11 
(including, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, any 
transaction which does not otherwise 
constitute a Transfer but a purpose of which is to achieve indirectly a 
result similar to that which would 
be achieved directly if such transaction were structured as a Transfer), the 
General Partner shall not admit 
the purported transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the 
contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor 
as the sole owner of the interest 
in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to 
the purported transferee and 
(c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial 
information regarding the Partnership. 
The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure 
that the Partnership does not 
otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest in the 
Partnership (either legal or 
equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief, at 
the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent any such purported 
Transfer. 
11.4 MULTIPLE OWNERSHIP. 
If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, the 
General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be 
designated as representing a portion 
of or the entire interest transferred for purposes of (a) receiving all 
notices which may be given, and all 
payments which may be made, under this Agreement and (b) exercising all 
rights which the transferor as 
a Limited Partner has pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.5 NO WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the 
right to withdraw from the 
Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, or to 
demand and receive any 
Partnership property in exchange for its interest in the Partnership. 
EFTA01395237
--- PAGE 77 ---
11.6 REMOVAL OF A LIMITED PARTNER. 
The General Partner may require the complete or partial withdrawal of a 
Limited Partner if: (i) the 
General Partner determines in good faith that, in consequence of a change in 
the direct or indirect 
ownership or control of such Limited Partner, continued participation by 
such Limited Partner is 
inconsistent with the best interests of the Partnership; (ii) such Limited 
Partner has used or disclosed 
confidential information in violation of 14.7.8; or (iii) the General 
Partner determines in its reasonable 
discretion that continued ownership of such Limited Partner in the 
Partnership would (a) constitute or 
give rise to a violation of applicable law, or (b) otherwise subject the 
Partnership or the General Partner to 
material onerous legal, tax or other regulatory requirements that cannot 
reasonably be avoided without 
material adverse consequences to any other Partner or the Partnership. 
Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the provisions of 
this 11.6 to each investor of any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395238
--- PAGE 78 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.7 LOOK-THROUGH TREATMENT. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General 
Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, apply any provision of this Agreement to the limited partners of 
a Feeder Fund on a lookthrough 
basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 EXCULPATION. 
12.1.1 General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a Covered Person, 
shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any 
Partner which arises out of any 
investment or any other action or omission of such Covered Person if (a) 
such Covered Person acted in 
good faith, (b) such conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful 
misconduct and (c) with respect 
to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered Person had no reasonable 
cause to believe that his or 
her conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this 
Agreement, such Partner acting under 
this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any 
other Person bound by this 
Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, 
and the provisions of this 
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties 
(including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner 
otherwise existing at law or in equity, 
are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For 
purposes of this Article 12, (i) 
"Covered Person" shall mean the Investment Manager, the General Partner 
(including without limitation 
the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner, Partnership 
Representative or as liquidator), the 
members of the General Partner, the respective officers, directors, 
managers, members or partners, of the 
Investment Manager or General Partner, each partner, member, stockholder, 
officer, director, manager, 
employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and the Administrator, 
and (ii) the General Partner 
shall be responsible for determining in its sole discretion if clauses (a), 
(b) and (c) of the first sentence of 
this 12.1.1 were satisfied. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others. 
EFTA01395239
--- PAGE 79 ---
No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, whether by action or 
omission, dishonesty or bad 
faith of any employee, broker or other agent of the Partnership selected by 
any Covered Person with 
reasonable care. 
12.1.3 Liquidator. 
No Person other than the General Partner that serves as liquidator pursuant 
to Article 10 shall be liable to 
the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or 
any Partner which arises out of 
any action or omission of such Person, provided that such Person acted in 
good faith and, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that 
such Person's conduct was 
unlawful. 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts. 
No Covered Person and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in 
good faith if such action or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395240
--- PAGE 80 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the 
opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of 
accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of 
that any such professional or 
firm is selected by any such Person with reasonable care. 
12.2 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, 
director, officer, manager, 
trustee, employee, agent and Affiliate 
"Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee 
capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), 
provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including 
proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, 
cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and 
and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind 
arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection 
(including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative 
may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by 
reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a 
liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or 
Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, 
consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or 
of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has 
served as a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or 
agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any 
such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An Indemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which 
the Indemnitee shall have 
of any of the 
continues 
subject 
expenses, 
valuation), provided 
stockholder, 
foregoing (each, an 
to serve in such 
to the other 
unpaid Subscriptions, the 
controversy, dispute, 
costs of investigations 
or nature, whatsoever or however 
with any action, suit or proceeding 
body or agency), to which the Indemnitee 
EFTA01395241
--- PAGE 81 ---
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have 
acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to 
any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's 
conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may, in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the 
expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection 
with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of 
the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of 
any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier 
with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the 
Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, 
the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a 
Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an 
undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled 
to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's 
conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not 
defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the 
General Partner directly or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395242
--- PAGE 82 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the 
Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase 
and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection 
of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in 
such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such 
capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the 
power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain 
insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, 
director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or 
of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the 
power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the 
executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 
12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise 
be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, 
contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 Priority of Indemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same 
claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or 
liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers 
(or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to 
such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, 
damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the 
amount of indemnification 
EFTA01395243
--- PAGE 83 ---
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 
12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the 
aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect 
to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, 
and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby 
expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for 
potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable 
Third-Party Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, 
and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. 
In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an 
Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, 
expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically 
and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's 
rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, 
demand, controversy, dispute, 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395244
--- PAGE 84 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or 
liability. To the extent that the 
Partnership is required to provide indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, it hereby waives and releases the General Partner and their 
respective Affiliates (other than 
the Partnership) from any claims for contribution, subrogation or any other 
recovery of any kind in 
respect of such indemnification payments from the Partnership. 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner. 
Notwithstanding 12.2.1 and 12.2.3, the General Partner in its sole 
discretion may limit or eliminate 
indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to 
any Indemnitee. 
12.3 LIMITATION BY LAW. 
If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself is subject to 
any law, rule or regulation 
which restricts the extent to which any Person may be exculpated or 
indemnified by the Partnership, the 
exculpation provisions set forth in 12.1 and the indemnification provisions 
set forth in 12.2, as applied to 
such Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be 
amended, automatically and 
without further action by the Partners, to the minimum extent necessary to 
conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 RETURN OF CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the 
Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation under this Article 12 or otherwise (including, but not limited 
to, the obligation to return, 
recontribute or reinvest a distribution received from the Underlying Fund 
pursuant to and in accordance 
with the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund), then the 
General Partner may require that 
each Partner return to the Partnership distributions received from the 
Partnership pursuant to Articles 7 
and 10, upon not less than seven (7) days' prior written notice from the 
General Partner, equal to its pro 
rata share, based on the relative Subscriptions of the Partners of the 
amount necessary to satisfy such 
liability or obligation; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 25% of 
all distributions received by 
such Partner from the Partnership, unless the Partnership is otherwise 
required to return distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund (in which case 
such Partner would be required to bear its proportionate share of any such 
return obligation),. In addition, 
no Partner shall be required to return distributions to the Partnership 
EFTA01395245
--- PAGE 85 ---
after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the term of the Partnership as set forth in 9.1, provided that 
if at the end of such period there 
are any proceedings or claims outstanding (including any proceedings or 
claims relating to the Underlying 
Fund), the General Partner shall notify the Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended 
until the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the 
Partners in respect thereof. A Partner's obligation to return distributions 
to the Partnership under this 12.4 
shall survive the liquidation of the Partnership and the withdrawal of a 
Partner from the Partnership, and 
the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have 
against each Partner under 
this 12.4, including treating such Partner as a Defaulting Partner with all 
the rights and remedies of the 
Partnership set forth in 6.3. The provisions of this 12.4 shall not be 
construed or interpreted as inuring to 
the benefit of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, 
the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395246
--- PAGE 86 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 AMENDMENTS. 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of 
this Agreement may be 
waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or amended, during or 
after the term of the 
Partnership, with the prior written consent of the General Partner and a 
majority-in-interest of the Limited 
Partners; provided, however, that any provision of this Agreement requiring 
the written vote or consent of 
a greater percentage in interest of the Partners may be waived on behalf of 
all Partners, modified, 
terminated or amended only with the vote or written consent of the General 
Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Partners as is required by such provision. 
Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article 13, the General Partner, without the consent of 
any other Partner, may amend 
any provision of this Agreement (a) to the extent such amendment does not 
subject any Limited Partner to 
any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or waive in any 
material respect the duties and 
obligations of the General Partner to the Partnership or the Limited 
Partners, (b) to cure any ambiguity or 
correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with 
any other provision herein or 
to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement 
shall accurately reflect the 
agreement among the Partners, (c) is necessary in order to comply with any 
fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (d) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or 
tax legislation, which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting 
the Partnership, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic 
returns of the Limited 
Partners. 
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. 
No amendment shall increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or 
dilute the interest of any Limited 
Partner relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the 
profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such 
interest without the prior written 
consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from 
additional Subscriptions from 
the Partners or the admission of Additional Limited Partners pursuant to 
this Agreement, and pursuant to 
EFTA01395247
--- PAGE 87 ---
an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under 3.3.3 and 6.3. 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions. 
Without the prior written consent of a majority-in-interest of all ERISA 
Partners, the text of 4.2, 11.1.6(a) 
and this 13.1.3 shall not be amended. 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments. 
The General Partner shall furnish copies of any amendments to this Agreement 
to all Partners, other than 
changes in the List of Partners to reflect the admission, withdrawal or 
substitution of Partners, changes in 
the addresses of Partners or otherwise in accordance with 3.1, and changes 
in the Subscriptions of 
Partners (in each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall 
not require the consent of or 
notice to any Limited Partner. 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
Any consent or approval required pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise 
(including, without limitation, 
(i) any required consent to a transaction that would result in an 
"assignment" (within the meaning of the 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395248
--- PAGE 88 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Advisers Act) of any management agreement or other similar agreement, or 
(ii) any approvals required 
under the Advisers Act, including approvals required under Section 206(3) 
thereof) may be obtained by 
the General Partner sending notice to the Limited Partners of the requested 
consent or approval and 
instructing the Limited Partners who object to such consent or approval to 
notify the General Partner of 
their objection in writing within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of 
such request. In such case, 
Limited Partners who have not so objected to a proposed consent or approval 
request will be deemed to 
have consented to or approved any such request. 
13.2 VOTING AND CONSENTS. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified 
percentage in interest of the 
Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent 
of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified 
percentage of the aggregate 
Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time (including any negative 
consents pursuant to 13.1.5). 
Similarly, whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a 
specified percentage in interest 
of a specified class or group of Limited Partners such action shall be 
deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or 
group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners of such class or 
group at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). For 
these purposes, a 
majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%, 
and Non-Voting Interests, if 
any, shall not be taken into account. Any limited partner interest held by 
the General Partner or any 
Defaulting Partner shall be deemed a Non-Voting Interest. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the General 
Partner intends to cause the Partnership to vote its interest in the 
Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 KEEPING OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
(a) At all times the General Partner shall cause to be kept proper and 
complete books of 
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of 
the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting. The 
General 
EFTA01395249
--- PAGE 89 ---
Partner shall also maintain: (1) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (2) the 
Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in 
effect from 
time to time; (3) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to 
which any 
document described in clause (1) or (2) has been executed by the 
Partnership; (4) the List 
of Partners; (5) copies of all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each 
of the prior three 
years; and (6) all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the 
prior three years. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a copy of the signature 
page to this 
Agreement signed by such Limited Partner, and relevant information 
regarding, such 
Limited Partner, but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not 
otherwise be entitled 
to receive or have access to the signature pages to this Agreement. In 
addition, the 
General Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential 
from the Limited 
Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, 
any 
information which the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the 
nature of trade 
secrets or other information the disclosure of which the General Partner in 
good faith 
believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or its business or 
any Limited 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395250
--- PAGE 90 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a 
third party to keep 
confidential. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for record with the appropriate public 
authorities and, if required, publish 
the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments 
thereto. 
14.2 FINANCIAL REPORTS. 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to 
each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each fiscal year (subject to the 
time the Partnership receives the 
relevant information from the Underlying Fund), the audited financial 
statements of the Partnership for 
such fiscal year. Commencing with the fiscal year in which the Initial 
Drawdown Date occurs and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, such financial statements shall be prepared in 
accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States or another comprehensive 
basis of accounting, in each 
case consistently applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
except that Partnership assets 
shall be valued in accordance with 14.3. 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to 
each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each Partnership fiscal year 
(subject to the time the Partnership 
receives the relevant information from the Underlying Fund), such Partner's 
Schedule K-1 (Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1065) or an equivalent report indicating such Partner's 
share of all items of 
income or gain, expense, loss or other deduction and tax credit of the 
Partnership for such year, as well as 
the status of such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and 
such additional information as 
such Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns 
or to fulfill any other reporting 
requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional 
information without 
unreasonable effort or expense; provided that it is understood that the 
Partnership does not expect to be 
able to deliver Schedules K-1 to the Partners prior to April 15 of each 
year, and accordingly, the Partners 
will be required to obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and 
local income tax returns. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
EFTA01395251
--- PAGE 91 ---
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to 
each Limited Partner, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the end of each of the first three 
fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 
the Partnership (subject to the time the Partnership receives the relevant 
information from the Underlying 
Fund), quarterly reports of the Partnership for the quarter then ended; 
provided, however, that this 14.2.3 
shall not apply to any fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter in which 
the Partnership invests in the 
Underlying Fund. 
14.2.4 Information Rights. 
Limited Partners will not receive all of the information or reports that are 
provided to direct limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, even though the General Partner may have 
access to such information. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395252
--- PAGE 92 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.3 VALUATION. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
Whenever valuation of Partnership assets or net assets is required by this 
Agreement, the General Partner 
shall determine the fair market value thereof in good faith in accordance 
with this 14.3. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities. 
The fair market value of any security owned by the Partnership that is a 
Freely Tradable Security and 
which is distributed by the Partnership shall be determined as of the close 
of trading on the date 
immediately prior to the date as of which the value is being determined and 
shall be equal to the last 
reported trade price of such security on such prior date on the exchange 
where it is primarily traded or, if 
such security is not traded on an exchange, such security shall be valued at 
the last reported sale price on 
an established quotation service for over-the-counter securities. For 
purposes of the preceding sentence, 
the "last reported" trade price or sale price or "closing" bid price of a 
security on any trading day shall be 
deemed to be: (a) with respect to securities traded primarily on the New 
York Stock Exchange or the 
American Stock Exchange, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the 
case may be, as of 4:00 p.m., 
New York time, on that day, and (b) for securities listed, traded or quoted 
on any other exchange, market, 
system or service, the market price as of the end of the "regular hours" 
trading period that is generally 
accepted as such by such exchange, market, system or service. 
14.3.3 Other Assets. 
The General Partner will value other assets of the Partnership in good faith 
and generally based on the 
valuation of such assets received from the Underlying Fund. The General 
Partner may also consider other 
relevant factors, which may include, without limitation: quarterly and 
annual reports received from the 
Underlying Fund; the current financial position and current and historical 
operating results of the issuer; 
sales prices of recent public or private transactions in the same or similar 
securities, including transactions 
on any securities exchange on which such securities are listed or in the 
over-the-counter market; general 
level of interest rates; recent trading volume of the security; restrictions 
on transfer; significant recent 
events affecting the Underlying Fund; the price paid by the Partnership to 
acquire the asset; and the 
percentage of the issuer's outstanding securities that is owned by the 
Partnership. 
EFTA01395253
--- PAGE 93 ---
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
In determining the fair market value of the assets of the Partnership, no 
allowance of any kind shall be 
made for goodwill or the name of the Partnership or of the General Partner, 
the Partnership's office 
records, files and statistical data or any intangible assets of the 
Partnership in the nature of or similar to 
goodwill. The Partnership's goodwill shall, as among the Partners, be deemed 
to have no value, and no 
Partner shall have any right or claim individually to the use of the 
Partnership's name or the goodwill 
thereof. 
14.4 NOTICES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all notices, 
requests, consents, approvals and 
statements shall be in writing and, if properly addressed to the recipient, 
shall be deemed given if 
(a) delivered personally to the recipient; (b) mailed by first class mail 
(or if sent to or from outside the 
United States, by airmail), postage prepaid; (c) sent by electronic mail or 
electronic facsimile 
transmission; or (d) delivered by a reputable overnight courier service. 
Notices shall be deemed to be 
properly addressed, if to the Partnership, at its principal office, and if 
to any Partner, if addressed to its 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395254
--- PAGE 94 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set 
forth in the List of Partners, or 
to such other address or facsimile number as the addressee previously may 
have specified by written 
notice given in the manner specified 
case of the Limited Partners, or 
to the Limited Partners, in the case 
Partner. Notices shall be deemed 
received one Business Day after they 
that notices sent by first class 
mail shall be deemed received three Business Days after they are mailed. 
Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this 14.4, the General Partner, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, shall be deemed to 
have satisfied its obligations to transmit notices, financial statements and 
reports pursuant to this 14.4 
(other than United States Federal tax statements, schedules and forms if and 
to the extent not permitted by 
law to be made available in a manner described in 
amendments to this Agreement 
pursuant to 13.1.4 if the General Partner posts such 
reports and/or amendments on a 
web site and gives notice to the Limited Pa 
sentences in this 14.4, of the 
availability of such financial statements, 
URL address of the web site and 
a password for access to such web site, 
14.5 ACCOUNTING PROVISIONS. 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year. 
The fiscal year of the Partnership 
Partnership is required to use a 
different year as its taxable year 
other year. 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants. 
The Partnership's independent public accountants shall at all times be a 
nationally or regionally 
recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General 
Partner. The General Partner may 
change the Partnership's accountants from time to time. 
14.6 TAX PROVISIONS. 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership. 
The General Partner (a) will not cause or permit the Partnership to elect 
(1) to be excluded from the 
provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as 
a corporation for federal 
income tax purposes or (3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" 
as defined in Section 775 of the 
Code; (b) will cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably 
determined to be necessary or 
in this 14.4 to the Partnership, in the 
of the Partnership or the General 
are given, sent or delivered, except 
rtners 
this sentence) and 
financial statements, 
pursuant 
reports and/or 
if necessary. 
to the preceding 
amendments, the 
shall be the calendar year or, if the 
for federal income tax purposes, such 
EFTA01395255
--- PAGE 95 ---
appropriate in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes; (c) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in 
a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (d) 
shall not take any action that 
would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership 
for such purposes. 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
(a) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership ending prior to January 1, 2018 (or if 
the effective date 
of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the "BBA") is 
extended, such later 
extended date), the "tax matters partner," as defined in Section 6231 of the 
Code, of the 
Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner") shall be the General Partner. All 
expenses 
incurred by the Tax Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in 
its capacity as 
such (including professional fees for such accountants, attorneys and agents 
as the Tax 
Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion 
determines are 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395256
--- PAGE 96 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
necessary to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) 
shall be borne by 
the Partnership. 
(b) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if 
the effective 
date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended date): (i) 
the General 
Partner shall be designated the "partnership representative" within the 
meaning of 
Section 6223(a) of the Code (the "Partnership Representative") and the 
General Partner 
shall be authorized to take any actions necessary under Treasury Regulations 
or other 
guidance to cause the General Partner to be designated as such; (ii) the 
Partnership and 
each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the 
Partnership 
Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii) the 
Partners consent to 
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code and agree to take any 
action, and 
furnish the General Partner with any information necessary, to give effect 
to such election 
if the General Partner decides to make such election; and (iv) any imputed 
underpayment 
imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 6232 of the Code (and 
any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner 
reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by 
such Partners 
to the Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such 
underpayment) within 15 days following the General Partner's request for 
payment (and 
any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in 
distributions 
otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount calculated at 
the Prime 
Rate plus 2%). Any references to Code Sections set forth in this 14.6.2(b) 
refer to those 
Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after 
December 31, 
2017 (or if the effective date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such 
later extended 
date). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the costs of any action taken by or 
on behalf of the 
General Partner, the Partnership or their respective Affiliates pursuant to 
this 14.6.2(b) 
EFTA01395257
--- PAGE 97 ---
shall be borne by the Limited Partner benefitting from such action (together 
with the 
other Limited Partners similarly benefitting from such actions, in 
proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests), (ii) the General Partner will be entitled 
to rely 
conclusively on the advice of the Partnership's independent accountant or 
other tax 
advisor in making any determination in respect of the partnership tax audit 
rules 
prescribed by the BBA, and (iii) the General Partner shall not be required 
to indemnify 
any Limited Partner or the Partnership with respect to any taxes incurred 
under such 
partnership tax audit rules. 
(c) 
Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such information, 
forms or 
representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with 
respect to the 
Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any 
information, forms or 
representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any 
exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing 
authority or 
other governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the 
Partnership. 
Each Partner agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information 
regarding 
the Partner and its beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner 
requests so that the 
Partnership may avoid any adverse consequences under FATCA. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Partner's subscription 
agreement, if 
any, the Partner hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. law, to the 
extent such 
law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to 
the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental 
authority 
any information required to be reported with respect to such Partner, its 
beneficial owners 
or the Partnership. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395258
--- PAGE 98 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(d) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each 
Limited Partner 
agrees to provide any information or certifications (including without 
limitation 
information about such Limited Partner's direct and indirect owners) that 
may reasonably 
be requested by the Partnership to allow the Partnership, the Underlying 
Fund or any 
member of any "expanded affiliated group" (as defined in Section 1471(e)(2) 
of the 
Code) to which the Partnership or the 
into, maintain 
or otherwise comply with the agreement 
the Code or 
under any applicable intergovernmental 
United States 
and another country (or under any applicable 
enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement) to which the 
Fund may 
be subject; (2) satisfy any 
FATCA; and 
(3) satisfy 
FATCA with 
respect to 
Underlying 
Fund. 
(e) Notwithstanding 
Limited Partner 
further agrees that, 
requirements 
of this 14.6.2 in a 
such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership would otherwise have a material 
adverse effect 
on the Partnership or the Partners as a result of FATCA, then (1) the 
General Partner, in 
its sole discretion, may (A) cause such Limited Partner to transfer its 
interest in the 
Partnership to a third party (including, without limitation, an existing 
Partner) or 
otherwise withdraw from the Partnership in exchange for consideration which 
the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, after taking into account all 
relevant facts and 
circumstances surrounding such transfer or withdrawal (including, without 
limitation, the 
desire to effect such transfer 
order to 
any requirements 
any payments 
Underlying Fund belongs to (1) enter 
information 
contemplated by Section 1471(b) of 
agreement entered into 
local country 
Partnership 
between the 
legislation 
or the Underlying 
reporting requirements imposed by 
necessary to avoid withholding taxes under 
to be received or made by the Partnership or the 
any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each 
if such Limited Partner fails to comply with any of the 
timely manner or if the General Partner determines that 
or withdrawal as expeditiously as possible in 
EFTA01395259
--- PAGE 99 ---
minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the other Partners as a 
result of 
FATCA), deems to be appropriate or (B) take any other action the General 
Partner deems 
in good faith to be reasonable to minimize any adverse effect on the 
Partnership and the 
other Partners as a result of FATCA; and (2) unless otherwise agreed by the 
General 
Partner in writing, the Limited Partner shall, to the maximum extent 
permitted by 
applicable law, indemnify the Partnership for all loss, cost, expenses, 
damage, claims and 
demands (including, but not limited to, any withholding tax, penalties or 
interest suffered 
by the Partnership) arising as a result of such Limited Partner's failure to 
comply with the 
above requirements in a timely manner. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the 
provisions of 7.4 
and this 14.6.2 will survive the liquidation or dissolution of the 
Partnership and each 
Partner agrees to continue to be bound to the terms of 7.4 and this 14.6.2 
following such 
Partner's termination of its interest in the Partnership. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers. 
Each Limited Partner agrees that (a) with respect to its limited partnership 
interest, it will not require the 
Partnership to elect, and the Partnership shall not be required to elect, 
the application of Section 1045 of 
the Code (dealing with rollovers of gains realized on the disposition of 
"qualified small business stock" as 
defined in Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state 
income tax law; (b) without 
the prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make 
any election referred to in the 
preceding clause (a) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the 
General Partner any 
obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish 
information, maintain records or file 
returns or other documents); and (c) the Partnership shall not be required 
to comply with any tax reporting 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395260
--- PAGE 100 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or accounting requirements (including, but not limited to, those relating to 
the adjustment of the tax basis 
of any asset of the Partnership or the interest in the Partnership of any 
Partner) that may be imposed under 
Section 1045 of the Code, and shall not be required to provide any 
information necessary to enable such 
Partner to comply with or elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, 
in each case with respect to 
rollovers of qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on 
behalf of any Partner. 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership. 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an 
election under Section 732(d) 
of the Code without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The 
General Partner may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 
754 of the Code or an 
election to be treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the 
meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment 
partnership, each Limited Partner 
shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status, (ii) not 
take any action that would be 
inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any 
information necessary to allow 
the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other obligations as an 
electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such Limited Partner's 
transferee, promptly 
following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, with the 
information required under the Code, 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any successor guidance) or 
otherwise to be furnished to the 
Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is necessary 
to enable the Partnership and 
such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 
743(e) of the Code. Whether 
or not the Partnership makes an election to be treated as an electing 
investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner or former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the 
General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to 
comply with (a) its obligations to 
make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (b) any 
other tax reporting 
obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer 
to a Limited Partner (or the 
transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership 
adjusting the basis of Partnership 
EFTA01395261
--- PAGE 101 ---
property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the Partnership 
by reason of such transfer (or, in 
the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner, such Limited 
Partner) hereby agrees to reimburse 
the Partnership and/or the General Partner within 10 business days for any 
expenses (including, without 
limitation, accounting fees) reasonably incurred by the Partnership and/or 
the General Partner (and their 
respective affiliates) from time to time in connection with effecting such 
adjustments to the basis of 
Partnership property and any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of 
Partnership gains and losses 
as it relates to such transfer. 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency. 
For United States federal, state and local income tax purposes, each Limited 
Partner shall report the tax 
items attributable to its participation in the Partnership on its income tax 
returns in a manner consistent 
with the tax treatment of such items as (or to be) reported to it by the 
Partnership on Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1065 Schedule K-1 (or any such successor form or schedule). 
14.7 GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement (including by 
execution of a counterpart 
signature page hereto directly or by power of attorney) constitutes and 
appoints the General Partner as its 
true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and 
stead, to make, execute, sign, 
acknowledge and deliver or file (a) the Certificate of Limited Partnership 
and any other instruments, 
documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by any 
law to effectuate, implement 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395262
--- PAGE 102 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
and continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (b) all instruments, documents and 
certificates that may be required 
to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund in accordance with the provisions hereof 
and the Delaware Act (and, 
in the case of an Alternative Investment Vehicle, in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which 
any such Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund 
was formed), (c) all other 
amendments of this Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership 
contemplated by this Agreement 
including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or 
substitution of any Partner, or any 
action of the Partners duly taken pursuant to this Agreement whether or not 
such Partner voted in favor of 
or otherwise approved such action, (d) any other instrument, certificate or 
document required from time to 
time to admit a Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect 
the substitution of the Partner's 
assignee as a Partner, or to reflect any action of the Partners provided for 
in this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, the admission of any Partner to an Alternative 
Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund), (e) any other instrument, certificate or document 
required from time to time to 
effect the Transfer of a Defaulting Partner's interest, and (f) any 
agreement or instrument necessary or 
advisable to consummate any investment pursuant to 3.5, including the 
execution of the organizational 
documents with respect to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund (and 
any amendments thereto consistent with 3.5 and 3.6); provided, however, that 
no actions shall be taken by 
the General Partner under the power of attorney granted pursuant to this 
14.7.1 that would have any 
adverse effect on the limited liability of any Limited Partner. The 
foregoing grant of authority (1) is a 
special power of attorney coupled with an interest in favor of the General 
Partner and as such shall be 
irrevocable and shall survive the death or disability of a Partner that is a 
natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Partner that is a 
corporation, association, partnership, 
limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by 
the Partner of the whole or any 
portion of its interest, except that where the assignee of the whole thereof 
EFTA01395263
--- PAGE 103 ---
has appointed the General 
Partner as its true and lawful attorney in fact on the terms hereof, this 
power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to execute, 
acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee 
for the assignor as a Partner and 
shall thereafter terminate. This power of attorney may be exercised by such 
attorney in fact and agent for 
each of the Limited Partners (or any of them) by a single signature of the 
General Partner acting as 
attorney in fact with or without listing all of the Limited Partners 
executing an instrument. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents 
Each Partner hereby agrees to execute all certificates, counterparts, 
amendments, instruments or 
documents that may be required by laws of the various jurisdictions in which 
the Partnership conducts its 
activities, to conform with the laws of such jurisdictions governing limited 
partnerships, or to comply 
with the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund. 
14.7.3 Limited Partner Information. 
Each Limited Partner further agrees that, upon request by the General 
Partner, such Limited Partner shall 
provide all information and documentation in its possession or that can 
reasonably be obtained by it 
necessary or desirable for, or reasonably requested by, the General Partner, 
as applicable, for the purpose 
of complying with the disclosure obligations to the Underlying Fund, or to 
respond to any inquires or 
requests regarding such Limited Partner made by (A) any potential limited 
partners or limited partners of 
the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, including, 
without limitation, state and 
municipal pension plans, (B) any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, 
(C) any regulatory or self regulatory 
body and (D) any bank or other financial institution as reasonably required 
to obtain credit 
facilities or borrowings as described in 4.2 of this Agreement, or in each 
case above to update such 
information. Each Limited Partner understands and agrees that any such 
information and/or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395264
--- PAGE 104 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
documentation may be provided, without the consent of such Limited Partner, 
to the requesting potential 
limited partner or limited partner of the Underlying Fund or any parallel 
investment vehicles thereto, 
governmental or quasigovernmental agency, regulatory or self-regulatory body 
or bank or other financial 
institution. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the 
respective heirs, successors, 
permitted assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto. 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
internal laws of the State of 
Delaware. In determining what action, if any, shall be taken against a 
Limited Partner in connection with 
such Limited Partner's breach of this Agreement, the General Partner shall 
seek to obtain the best result 
(as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) for the 
Partnership and the other Partners. 
Each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event such 
Limited Partner violates the terms 
of this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to claim that 
the Partnership or any of the 
other Partners are precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty 
arising in respect of such Limited 
Partner's status as such, from seeking any of the penalties or other 
remedies permitted under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition. 
Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have 
to maintain an action for 
partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
Each Partner understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer 
contained in this Agreement, it 
must bear the economic risks of its investment for an indefinite period 
because the Partnership interests 
have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable 
securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred 
unless they are registered under 
the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an 
exemption from such registration is 
available. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality. 
(a) A Limited Partner's rights to access or receive any information about 
the Partnership or 
its business including, without limitation, (i) information to which a 
EFTA01395265
--- PAGE 105 ---
Limited Partner is 
provided access pursuant to 14.2, (ii) financial statements, reports and 
other information 
provided pursuant to 14.3, (iii) the offering documents for the Partnership, 
this 
Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements, (iv) 
any 
documents or information provided to the Partnership by the Underlying Fund 
or any of 
its Affiliates, and (v) any information provided to any Limited Partner 
pursuant to a Side 
Letter or otherwise provided to a Limited Partner by the General Partner or 
its Affiliates, 
(the information in (i) through (v), the "Partnership Information"), are 
conditioned on 
such Limited Partner's agreement, willingness and ability to assure that the 
Partnership 
Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for purposes 
reasonably related 
to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such 
Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395266
--- PAGE 106 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Information will not become publicly available as a result of such Limited 
Partner's 
rights to access or receive such Partnership Information. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership Information 
constitutes a valuable trade secret of the Partnership (or of the Underlying 
Fund to the 
extent such Partnership Information relates to the Underlying Fund) and 
agrees to 
maintain any Partnership Information provided to it in the strictest 
confidence and not to 
disclose the Partnership Information to any person other than to its 
officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional 
advisors, who 
have a business need to know such Partnership Information, who have been 
informed of 
the confidential nature of such Partnership Information, and who are, either 
by the nature 
of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to 
substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the 
Partnership 
Information as are set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, each 
Limited Partner and each Limited Partner's employees, representatives and 
other agents, 
may disclose to their professional advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys 
and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. 
taxing authority, 
without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and 
franchise tax 
treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of 
the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or 
other tax 
analyses) that are provided to such Limited Partner relating to such tax 
treatment or tax 
structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to a U.S. 
federal or state 
income or franchise tax strategy provided to such Limited Partner, provided, 
however, 
that no Limited Partner (and no employee, representative or other agent 
thereof) shall 
disclose any other information that is not relevant to understanding the tax 
treatment or 
tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information 
EFTA01395267
--- PAGE 107 ---
that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other 
information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any 
U.S. federal or 
state securities law. With respect to any Limited Partner, the obligation to 
maintain the 
Partnership Information in confidence shall not apply to any Partnership 
Information 
(i) that becomes publicly available (other than by reason of a disclosure by 
a Limited 
Partner), (ii) the disclosure of which has been consented to by the General 
Partner in 
writing or (iii) the disclosure of which is required by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or 
other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law. Before any 
Limited 
Partner discloses Partnership Information pursuant to clause (iii), such 
Limited Partner 
shall promptly, and in any event prior to making any such disclosure, notify 
the General 
Partner of the court order, subpoena, interrogatories, government order or 
other reason 
that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so that the General 
Partner may 
seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of 
the Partnership 
Information or waive compliance with this Agreement. Such Limited Partner 
shall also 
consult with the General Partner on the advisability of taking steps to 
eliminate or narrow 
the requirement to disclose the Partnership Information and shall otherwise 
cooperate 
with the efforts of the General Partner to obtain a protective order or 
other remedy to 
protect the Partnership Information. If a protective order or other remedy 
cannot be 
obtained, such Limited Partner shall disclose only that Partnership 
Information that its 
counsel advises in writing (which writing shall also be addressed and 
delivered to the 
Partnership) that it is legally required to disclose. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner shall promptly notify the General Partner if it becomes 
aware of 
any reason, whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it 
will, or might 
become compelled to, use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395268
--- PAGE 108 ---
EFTA01395269
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7.8(a) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the 
confidentiality 
restrictions in 14.7.8(b). 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the 
exception of the 
Schedule K-1 or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 
14.2.2, the 
General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for 
such period of 
time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with 
any Partnership 
Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive 
or to have 
access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant 
to 14.2) or 
the Delaware Act if: (i) the Partnership or the General Partner is required 
by law or by 
agreement with a third party to keep such Partnership Information 
confidential; (ii) the 
General Partner in good faith believes that the disclosure of such 
Partnership Information 
to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of the Partnership or 
could damage the 
Partnership or its business (which may include a determination by the 
General Partner 
that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity holders is disclosing 
or may 
disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such 
disclosure by such 
Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its 
business) or (iii) such Limited Partner has notified the General Partner of 
its election not 
to have access to, or to receive such Partnership Information. 
(e) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Partnership or the 
General 
Partner and its partners may acquire confidential information related to 
third parties that 
pursuant to fiduciary, contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be 
disclosed to the 
Limited Partners; and (ii) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner 
and its equity 
holders shall be in breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware 
Act in 
consequence of acquiring, holding or failing to disclose such information to 
the Limited 
Partners so long as such obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(f) 
EFTA01395270
--- PAGE 110 ---
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners agree that 
the Partnership 
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the 
right to an injunction 
or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to 
comply with its 
obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership 
Information, as set forth 
in 14.7.8(a) and 14.7.8(b). 
(g) 
To the maximum extent permitted by law and for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions 
of this 14.7.8 shall survive the withdrawal of any Partner from the 
Partnership and shall 
be enforceable against such Partner after such withdrawal. 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. 
Whenever the context of this Agreement permits, the masculine gender shall 
include the feminine and 
neuter genders, and reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable 
with the other. The invalidity 
or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall 
not affect the other provisions, 
and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any 
such invalid or unenforceable 
provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order 
to give effect to the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to particular 
Sections of the Code or the 
Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed 
or provisions as they may be 
amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions 
convenience only and do 
not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It 
parties that every covenant, term, 
and provision of this Agreement shall be construed 
fair meaning and not strictly 
for or against any party (notwithstanding any 
Agreement to be strictly construed 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
rule 
to refer to such Sections 
in this Agreement are for 
is the 
simply 
of law 
L.P. 
intention of the 
according to its 
requiring an 
EFTA01395271
--- PAGE 111 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this 
Agreement are sophisticated and 
have had adequate opportunity and means to retain counsel to represent their 
interests and to otherwise 
negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of the Delaware 
Act, the Limited Partners shall 
constitute a single class or group of limited partners. This Agreement or 
any amendment hereto may be 
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which when signed by the 
General Partner shall be an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement or 
amendment, as the case may be. 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
Except as otherwise agreed to by the General Partner and a Limited Partner 
with respect to any particular 
controversy or claim, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement shall be settled 
through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American 
Arbitration Association, and 
judgment upon an award arising in connection therewith may be entered in any 
court of competent 
jurisdiction. Any arbitration, mediation, court action, or other 
adjudicative proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement shall be held in New York City, New York or, if 
such proceeding cannot be 
lawfully held in such location, as near thereto as applicable law permits. 
14.7.11 Side Letters. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, enter into a letter agreement or side letter with one or more 
Limited Partners (each, a "Side 
Letter") providing that the terms of this Agreement are amended and/or 
supplemented with respect to 
such Limited Partner and, with respect to any such Limited Partner, the 
terms of such Side Letter shall be 
controlling, and the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed amended, 
modified and/or supplemented to 
the extent required to effectuate the provisions of such Side Letters. Other 
than as amended, modified 
and/or supplemented by such Side Letter, this Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect with respect 
to such Limited Partner, and shall remain in full force and effect without 
any modification with respect to 
a Limited Partner who is not party to such Side Letter. 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement. 
This Agreement, the subscription agreements , the Side Letters and any other 
writing between any 
Limited Partners and the General Partner or the Investment Manager entered 
into in connection herewith, 
EFTA01395272
--- PAGE 112 ---
shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties 
hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and shall supersede any prior understanding or 
agreement, oral or written with 
respect thereto. 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information. 
The General Partner may from time to time conduct an inquiry of all Limited 
Partners whose 
Subscriptions equal or exceed 20% (or such lower percentage as necessitated 
by applicable law) of the 
Subscriptions of all Limited Partners (each, a "20% Holder") as to whether 
any 20% Holder is a "bad 
actor" within the meaning of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act (a "Bad 
Actor"). If (a) any 20% 
Holder fails to provide any requested information to the General Partner 
within ten (10) Business Days 
after the date of the request therefor or (b) any 20% Holder indicates that 
it is a Bad Actor, then such 20% 
Holder agrees that (i) it shall not cast any vote in respect of any portion 
of its interest in the Partnership 
that represents 20% or more of the total Subscriptions of the Limited 
Partners, and (ii) the General Partner 
may take such actions as it deems appropriate with respect to such 20% 
Holder or otherwise in order to 
ensure that the Partnership may continue to rely on Rule 506 of Regulation D 
promulgated under the 
Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the voting restrictions under 
this 14.7.13 shall cease as to 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395273
--- PAGE 113 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
a 20% Holder at such time as such 20% Holder certifies or recertifies to the 
General Partner that it is not a 
Bad Actor. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395274
--- PAGE 114 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
EFTA01395275
--- PAGE 115 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX I 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
DEFINITIONS 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings 
set forth below (such 
meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the 
terms so defined). Additional 
defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which 
they relate. 
20% Holder 
As set forth in 14.7.13. 
Access Fund Default As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Administrator 
Advisers Act 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicles 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
Approved Agent 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
The administrator of the Partnership, as appointed by the General Partner. 
The United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
With respect to the Person to which it refers, a Person that directly or 
indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such subject Person. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(a). 
As set forth in 3.3.3(a)(2). 
Means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) representative of a Partner who is deceased; (ii) trustee in bankruptcy 
of a Partner who is bankrupt; or (iii) curator, guardian or receiver of a 
Partner who is mentally incapable of managing his affairs. The General 
Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the 
written representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent 
is the duly appointed agent or nominee (or both) of any Partner or of 
any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further investigation 
or verification. 
BBA 
Beneficial Interest 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 5130. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01395276
--- PAGE 116 ---
I-1 
EFTA01395277
--- PAGE 117 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Business Day 
Capital Account 
Carrying Value 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York, are 
required by law to remain closed. 
As set forth in 8.1.1. 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax 
purposes; provided, however, that (i) the initial Carrying Value of any asset 
contributed to the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its gross fair 
market 
value at the time of its contribution, and (ii) the Carrying Values of all 
assets 
held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross 
fair 
market values (taking Section 7701(g) of the Code into account) upon an 
election by the Partnership to revalue its property in accordance with 
Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. The Carrying Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was 
adjusted pursuant to the preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7041(b)(2)-
(iv)(g). 
Code 
Contribution 
The 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto, and, as applicable, the Treasury 
Regulations thereunder. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in accordance 
with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
2 
(relating to the return of contributions subject to subsequent drawdown) and 
6.3.2(a)(5), but excluding the contribution of an interest-equivalent amount 
pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4), the amount of any interest payable pursuant to 6.3.1 
and 6.3.2, and any other amounts contributed pursuant to 5 2.1.5, 11.1.8 or 
Article 12. 
Covered Company 
Partner 
Covered Company 
Person 
Covered Company 
Person Ownership 
Percentage 
Covered Person 
Credit Facility 
Default Rate 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Covered Company Person or (ii) a Person 
EFTA01395278
--- PAGE 118 ---
(other 
than an Exempt Entity) in which a Covered Company Person has a direct or 
indirect Beneficial Interest. 
Refers to a Person that is an executive officer or director of a "public 
company" or "covered non-public company" (in each case as defined in Rule 
5131) or a person "materially supported" (as defined in Rule 5131) by such an 
officer or director. 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Covered Company Persons with 
respect to a particular company. 
As set forth in 12.1.1. 
As set forth in 4.2. 
As set forth in 6.3.1. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-2 
EFTA01395279
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor 
Defaulting Partner 
Delaware Act 
Delayed Payment 
Interest 
ERISA 
ERISA Partner 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
As set forth in 6.3.2. 
As set forth in 2.1. 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner pursuant 
to 
6.3.1 and (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid capital contributions 
paid by 
any Partner pursuant to 6.3.2. 
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and 
(unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
Any Limited Partner which (a) is (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any other entity or 
account, any of the assets of which constitute "plan assets," within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, of a plan described in (a)(i) or (a)(ii) 
above, or (iv) a nominee for, or is using the assets of, or is a trust 
established 
pursuant to, one or more such employee benefit plans or other plans, and 
(b) has notified the General Partner in writing of its status as an ERISA 
Partner. 
Exempt Entity 
An entity described in paragraph (c) of Rule 5130 as specifically eligible to 
purchase new issue securities, other than an entity described in subparagraph 
(c)(4) (i.e., an entity relying on the 10% "de minimis" exception under Rule 
5130). 
FATCA 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial 
interpretations 
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and 
all applicable intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United 
States and another country (or local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement). 
Feeder Fund 
Any feeder fund (including the Offshore Access Fund) that may be formed to 
invest all of the subscriptions made by the limited partners of such feeder 
fund 
in the Partnership and that is designated as a Feeder Fund by the General 
Partner. 
Final Closing Date 
EFTA01395280
--- PAGE 120 ---
Freely Tradable 
Security 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
(a) The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be immediately 
sold by the Partnership to the general public without the necessity of any 
federal, state or local government consent, approval or filing (other than 
any 
notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h) under the 
Securities 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-3 
EFTA01395281
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Act or Section 13 or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), 
and 
(b) Such securities are either listed on a national securities exchange or 
market quotations are readily available for such security. 
If only a portion of the Partnership's holdings of securities satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence, that portion of the Partnership's 
holdings of such securities shall constitute Freely Tradable Securities. In 
addition to the foregoing, in the case of a distribution or proposed 
distribution 
of securities in kind, such securities shall also constitute Freely Tradable 
Securities if the entire portion of the distribution made to the Limited 
Partners 
can be immediately sold by them under the terms provided for in clause (a) of 
this definition and the condition provided for in clause (b) of this 
definition is 
satisfied, assuming for purposes of this sentence that no Limited Partner is 
or 
has been an Affiliate of the issuer of such securities and without regard to 
any 
restrictions on sale applicable to particular Limited Partners because of the 
particular nature or status of such Limited Partners. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may subject such Freely 
Tradable Securities to such conditions and restrictions as the General 
Partner 
determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the value of such Freely 
Tradable Securities or for legal reasons. 
General Partner 
Indemnitee 
Initial Agreement 
Initial Closing Date 
Initial Drawdown 
Date 
Initial Limited 
Partner 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment Manager 
Initially, the entity named as General Partner in the introductory paragraph 
of 
this Agreement, and any successor General Partner. 
As set forth in 12.2.1. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
As set forth in 6.1.2. 
Michael Stanton 
The Investment Company Act of 1940, as from time to time amended and in 
effect. 
Means iCapital Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or a 
successor management company appointed by the Partnership in accordance 
EFTA01395282
--- PAGE 122 ---
with the terms of this Agreement and the Management Agreement. 
Investment Subsidiary As set forth in 3.5(f). 
Limited Partners 
Those Persons listed in the List of Partners as limited partners, together 
with 
any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the Partnership 
after 
the date hereof. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-4 
EFTA01395283
--- PAGE 123 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
List of Partners 
Management 
Agreement 
Management Fee 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, 
addresses, 
facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the 
Partners. 
Means the Management Agreement between the Partnership and the 
Investment Manager, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
Management Fee Rate As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
Net Gain or Loss 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items specially 
allocated pursuant to 8.2.2, 8.2.3 or 8.3, and computed with the following 
adjustments: 
(i) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon the 
Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) rather than upon 
the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be included 
as an item of gross income; 
(iii) Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) 
of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being described in 
Section 705(a)(2)(B) pursuant to Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) of 
the Code) shall be treated as a deductible expense; 
(iv) The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the Code 
that 
is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant 
to 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) shall be treated as an item 
of 
gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss (if the adjustment is 
negative), and 
only such amount of the adjustment shall thereafter be taken into account in 
computing items of income and deduction; 
(v) The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable to an 
asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner (or to any Approved 
Agent 
on behalf of a Partner) shall be included in the computation as an item of 
income or loss, respectively; and 
(vi) The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment to the 
Carrying 
Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition 
EFTA01395284
--- PAGE 124 ---
of 
"Carrying Value" shall be included in the computation as items of income or 
loss, respectively. 
Nonrecourse Liability Has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.704-2(b)(3). 
Non-Voting Interest A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that 
does not entitle the holder 
to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any Partnership matter. 
Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests shall be disregarded, for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-5 
EFTA01395285
--- PAGE 125 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
purposes of 13.2, in determining both the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners and the aggregate Contributions of those Limited Partners 
voting in favor of or against a particular proposal. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided in this Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a 
Non-Voting Interest shall be identical to all other limited partnership 
interests 
in all respects other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Offshore Access Fund Means Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the General 
Partner, the 
Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership, any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund to the 
Limited Partners of the respective funds incurred by the General Partner, 
Investment Manager and their Affiliates (including legal, travel, accounting, 
tax advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital raising and other expenses 
and 
marketing costs, other organizational and start-up expenses of the General 
Partner and certain legal and third-party provider costs). For the avoidance 
of 
doubt, the foregoing organizational expenses do not include expenses incurred 
by the Placement Agents. 
Parallel Access Fund As set forth in 3.6. 
Partner Interest 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain 
Partners 
Partnership 
Partnership 
Information 
As set forth in 6.2.1. 
Has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse debt" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
An amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the 
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if the Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the second paragraph of this Agreement. 
Partnership Expenses As set forth in 5.2.1.1. 
As set forth in 14.7.8(a). 
Partnership Minimum 
Gain 
Partnership 
EFTA01395286
--- PAGE 126 ---
Representative 
Percentage Interest 
Has the same meaning as the term "partnership minimum gain" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d). 
As set forth in 14.6.2(b). 
The ratio of a Partner's Contributions to all of the Partners' Contributions; 
provided that, the General Partner, in its reasonable discretion, can adjust 
the 
Percentage Interests of the Partners (i) to reflect any default by a Partner 
with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-6 
EFTA01395287
--- PAGE 127 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
respect to one or more capital calls, and (ii) in connection with the initial 
capital commitment of any Partner to take into account that they have not yet 
made a Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of Management 
Fees by Limited Partners shall not be considered "Contributions" for purposes 
of the definition of "Percentage Interest". 
Person 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person 
where the context so permits. 
Placement Agent 
Means the third-party placement agents utilized by the Partnership. 
Plan Assets Regulation The regulation concerning the definition of "plan 
assets" under ERISA 
adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
§2510.3-101 or any successor regulation promulgated pursuant to 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
Prime Rate 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as 
reported in 
The Wall Street Journal. 
Regulatory Allocations As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
Restricted Person 
Refers to a Person that is (i) a "restricted person" within the meaning of 
Rule 
5130 and (ii) not either an Exempt Entity or a Person whose only Beneficial 
Interest in the Partnership is an indirect interest held through an Exempt 
Entity. 
Restricted Person 
Ownership Percentage 
Restricted Person 
Partner 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Temporary 
Investments 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Restricted Persons. 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Restricted Person or (ii) a Person in 
which a 
Restricted Person has a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in 14.7.11. 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed to 
contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners exclusive 
EFTA01395288
--- PAGE 128 ---
of 
any interest equivalent amounts pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
As set forth in 7.4.1. 
Tax Matters Partner As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Short-term investments of cash pending distribution or use by the Partnership 
to pay expenses or to make contributions to the Underlying Fund, which shall 
be limited to (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) commercial paper rated no 
lower 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-7 
EFTA01395289
--- PAGE 129 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
than "A-1" by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services or "P-1" by Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc., or a comparable rating by a comparable rating 
agency, 
(iii) obligations of the United States or (iv) certificates of deposit 
issued by, or 
other deposit obligations of, commercial banks chartered by the United 
States, 
any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any member nation of the 
European Union, each having, at the date of acquisition by the Partnership, 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof, in each case maturing in one year or less at the time of investment 
by 
the Partnership. 
Third-Party 
Indemnifiers 
Transfer 
Transfer Expenses 
Any Person (other than the Partnership and the General Partner) that is 
legally 
or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or equivalent 
payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar arrangement) to an 
Indemnitee. 
As set forth in 11.1.1. 
As set forth in 11.1.8. 
Treasury Regulations The regulations promulgated by the United States 
Department of the Treasury 
under the Code, as amended. 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an English private fund 
limited partnership, together with any parallel funds and alternative 
investment 
vehicles formed in accordance with the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Defaulting Partner 
United States; U.S. 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-8 
EFTA01395290
--- PAGE 130 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the 
Partnership to comply with the 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 
The following 
provisions are included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the 
Internal Revenue Code and to 
permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a "safe harbor" provided by 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and apply notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in 8.2 and 8.3. 
1.1 Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
adjustments 
contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable 
period shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent required by the "minimum 
gain chargeback" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(i)(4). 
1.2 Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(b)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be allocated to 
the Partners in accordance with 
their respective Contributions; provided, however, that nonrecourse 
deductions attributable to "partner 
nonrecourse debt" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) 
shall be allocated to the 
Partners in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-2(i)(1) 
1.3 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of loss 
or deduction 
(computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and 
"Net Loss") be allocated 
to a Partner if such allocation would cause or increase a negative balance 
in such Partner's Capital 
Account (determined for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital 
Account balance by the amount 
the Partner is obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts 
specified in Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
EFTA01395291
--- PAGE 131 ---
adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be 
allocated to the Partners in 
the manner and to the extent required by the "qualified income offset" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) 
1.5 Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be 
allocated to the Partners in 
the amount of (and in proportion to) any negative balance in such Partner's 
Capital Account (determined 
for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the 
amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.7041(b)(2)(ii)(c) 
or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 
1.704-2(g) and 
1.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.7041(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 
(5) and (6)). 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. 
With respect to any fiscal period during which any Partner's interest in the 
Partnership changes, 
allocations under this Agreement (including 6.3.2 and 8.3) shall be adjusted 
appropriately to take into 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
II-1 
EFTA01395292
--- PAGE 132 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential 
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period in 
accordance with the requirements of 
Section 706(d) of the Code and the Regulations thereunder. 
Special Allocations to Reflect Economic Interests. 
The General Partner is authorized to modify the allocations otherwise 
provided for under Article 8 and 
this Appendix II, including by specially allocating items of gross income, 
gain, loss, or expense among 
the Partners, if advised by the Partnership's tax advisors that such 
modifications or such special 
allocations will cause the Capital Accounts of the Partners to reflect more 
closely the Partners' relative 
economic interests in the Partnership as set forth in Article 7 and Article 
10. 
4. 
Tax Allocations. 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement or this Appendix II or as 
required by Section 704 of the 
Code, for tax purposes, all items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit 
shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the same manner as are Net Gains and Net Losses and other items 
allocated pursuant to Article 
and the other provisions of this Appendix II; provided, however, that if 
the Carrying Value of any 
property of the Partnership differs from its adjusted basis for tax 
purposes, then items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction or credit related to such property for tax purposes shall be 
allocated among the Partners so 
as to take account of the variation between the adjusted basis of the 
property for tax purposes and its 
Carrying Value in the manner provided for under Section 704(c) of the Code. 
* * * 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
II-2 
EFTA01395293

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395294.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395294.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
EFTA01395294
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, this 
"Memorandum") is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC 
or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager") to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors") for 
the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the 
"Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access 
Fund"). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner 
interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, 
prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety 
by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended 
or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA"), which shall be provided upon 
request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment 
Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this 
Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall 
control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the 
Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities 
commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the 
foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any 
EFTA01395295
--- PAGE 3 ---
representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any 
U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and 
jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. 
The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) 
in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual 
restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying 
Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the 
Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "Investment Company 
Act"). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the 
Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor" as 
defined within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a 
"qualified purchaser" as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," 
as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). There is no public 
market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General 
Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this 
Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund 
Manager" ("AIFM") under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests 
(or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled 
or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395296
--- PAGE 4 ---
-ii 
EFTA01395297
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State") 
of the European Economic Area 
("EEA")1 when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the 
application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the 
event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the 
prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent 
(as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors 
and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an 
investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended 
period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that 
investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the 
entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, 
will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the 
general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any 
of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the 
Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action 
against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment 
Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is 
responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is 
responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation 
of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership 
Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription 
Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any 
representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this 
Memorandum to any investor 
EFTA01395298
--- PAGE 6 ---
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or 
responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the 
(v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with 
Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. 
Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to 
the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained 
in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower 
has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information 
contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices 
hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to 
be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information 
operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may 
modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner 
the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying 
information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with 
respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each 
liability or responsibility 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such 
information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted 
Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the 
Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, 
affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests 
considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
undertakes any 
offering of Interests; 
respect to the 
in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
be amended, restated or otherwise 
or 
of them expressly disclaims any 
information or any other 
therefrom. The offering of 
Underlying Fund. Although the 
the Access Fund is not an 
Fund is different from an 
is not, and should not be 
EFTA01395299
--- PAGE 7 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iii 
EFTA01395300
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. 
Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General 
Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to 
participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) 
commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. 
the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access 
any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the 
General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in 
the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or 
otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund 
and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall 
constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights 
under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be 
contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be 
deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no 
assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is 
not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable 
results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual 
realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, 
market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit 
the power to legally bind or 
No Glendower entity has (i) 
Fund, the General Partner or 
EFTA01395301
--- PAGE 9 ---
liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, 
the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated 
herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, 
achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified 
by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as "may," "seek," "expect," "estimate," or "believe" or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are statements 
that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this 
Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions 
underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, 
as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are 
made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or 
any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future 
events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors 
could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject 
to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the 
Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by 
reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a 
significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of 
which are discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iv 
EFTA01395302
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its 
own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all 
information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely 
in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a 
summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred 
to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are 
subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement 
and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which 
should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors 
in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or 
contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement 
and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the 
offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests are offered subject to the General Partner's 
ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access 
Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and 
therein that are applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may 
be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each investor (and any employee, representative, 
or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions 
EFTA01395303
--- PAGE 11 ---
undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of, or any other 
identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in 
the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance 
information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this 
Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was 
written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters 
addressed by the written information 
and (c) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances 
from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a 
prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any, are invited to 
meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such 
representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to 
the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or 
expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any 
representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement 
Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such 
representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the 
information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, 
the date when such information is 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-v 
EFTA01395304
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General 
Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution 
of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
This Memorandum does not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or 
other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other 
commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance 
of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this 
Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in 
this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information") and not disclose any such Confidential 
Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to 
evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any 
security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and 
any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the 
confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and 
the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc 
(212) 994-7333 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vi 
EFTA01395305
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vii 
EFTA01395306
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE "NFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A 
REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(3), THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN 
THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (III) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EFTA01395307
--- PAGE 15 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-viii 
EFTA01395308
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-ix 
EFTA01395309
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION  
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS 
FUND  
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST  
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA 
CONSIDERATIONS  
I. 
II. 
III. 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-x 
EFTA01395310
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
I 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the "Access 
Fund"), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership 
(together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The 
principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment 
returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, 
special situations, turnaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets 
primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist 
private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity 
assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections 
relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, 
which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the 
limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General 
Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making 
any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that are "U.S. Persons" 
as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). If an 
Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after 
investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395311
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should 
read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund") and the summary of 
terms and conditions of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be further amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of 
the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund 
described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, 
to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement"), and the subscription 
with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement," 
"Agreements"), copies of 
which will be provided to 
of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the 
summary and the Agreements, 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
The Investment Manager 
restated or otherwise modified from time 
agreement and the related documentation 
and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 
each prospective investor upon request. The forms 
event of a conflict between the terms of this 
EFTA01395312
--- PAGE 20 ---
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-today 
operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and full 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395313
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to 
invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
terms set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments are 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395314
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See "Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Access Fund 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund ("Interests") are being 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
("Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
"Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors ("Investors") that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that are pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of "unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors"). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and NonU.S. 
Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,008, although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,008,080, although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,008,080 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395315
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
"Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate share of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing interest, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395316
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA01395317
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro rata share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
Term 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
for two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, "Feeder Funds") in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395318
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA01395319
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
entity, directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified NonU.S. 
Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds are expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who are "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K1 
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395320
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
Bifurcated Default 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA")) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395321
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
("Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
Access Fund Expenses 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses; liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395322
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA01395323
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395324
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA01395325
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Partner shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395326
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with 
(C) 
below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395327
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
"Access Fund Expenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395328
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA01395329
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
Indemnification 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see "— Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,008 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
EFTA01395330
--- PAGE 38 ---
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395331
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners 
information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that are U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. TaxExempt 
Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395332
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA01395333
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
Considerations 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in "benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback To the extent the Access Fund incurs any 
indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for 
its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
EFTA01395334
--- PAGE 42 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395335
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a "Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose; Underlying Fund." 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial institutions with financial information and other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395336
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Each investor must be an "accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act). 
Confidentiality 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been informed of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395337
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor Information 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Legal Counsel 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner, 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower, also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395338
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
III. CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed 
discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth 
in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk 
of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will 
achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the 
Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective 
affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment 
in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and 
involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully 
before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts 
not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks. The investments made by the Underlying Fund and 
indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can 
result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition 
or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and 
market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries 
in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact 
of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse 
effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and 
Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents. The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will 
receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 
2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The 
Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's 
assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a 
EFTA01395339
--- PAGE 47 ---
particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners Accordingly, the Placement 
Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with 
investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited 
Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without 
thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents 
will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As 
the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a 
conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their 
respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with 
Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described 
above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather 
than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access 
Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to 
the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement 
or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395340
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts 
of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an 
investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into 
the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than 
such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the 
capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the 
Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of 
potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the 
Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, 
including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among 
other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act 
or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or 
partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose 
the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize 
its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower 
or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost 
entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. 
Certain ongoing operating 
EFTA01395341
--- PAGE 49 ---
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses 
borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, 
Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by 
investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, 
resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact 
on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access 
Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the 
Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet 
the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395342
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to 
the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General 
Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required 
to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from 
engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each 
prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the 
capital contributions that will 
EFTA01395343
--- PAGE 51 ---
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner 
to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The 
General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if 
any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment 
opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any 
such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund 
will not participate in coinvestment 
opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the 
Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment 
opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a 
result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the 
iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for 
iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or 
may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a 
placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing 
investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect 
to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395344
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and 
compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and 
selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement 
Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such 
recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons 
of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such 
investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may 
create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these 
conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and 
procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The 
General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or 
enter into management or 
advisory agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar 
arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar 
to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and 
Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the 
Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the 
ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational 
rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying 
Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed 
Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Access Fund 
or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited 
EFTA01395345
--- PAGE 53 ---
Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with 
any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General 
Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the 
Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be 
obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are 
potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will 
have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates 
with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund. The Investment Manager will 
value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment 
Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the 
Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the 
valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the 
Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there 
is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may 
not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions 
the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer-
-potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited 
circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a 
valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, 
and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is 
subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395346
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fidelity Relationship. The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration 
and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC 
(collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity") pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity 
for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment 
in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment 
Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. 
Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of 
registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a 
potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or 
any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital 
Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Programs. The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer 
(and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification 
programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network 
platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and 
interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational 
opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to 
subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner 
and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total 
forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with 
respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited 
EFTA01395347
--- PAGE 55 ---
Partner or otherwise, 
the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, 
including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not 
defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the 
Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan 
assets", certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be 
considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to 
avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In 
addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, 
resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such 
compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or 
to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that 
purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences 
under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company 
could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA 
controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395348
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or 
more) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio 
company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include 
funding obligations to singleemployer 
pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer 
pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that 
the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be 
regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun 
Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held 
that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-
fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject 
to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question 
(together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the "Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of 
the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business 
characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. 
Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be 
sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or 
parallel funds are aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners 
believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, there is some risk that a court might find 
otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to 
take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability 
purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership 
interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds are not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group 
ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their 
respective affiliates or any of their 
EFTA01395349
--- PAGE 57 ---
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact 
that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered 
under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment 
in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests 
Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their 
investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their 
investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of 
years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and 
not the Limited Partners, 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be 
voted. 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an 
opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the 
Underlying Fund (and in coinvestments, 
if any, with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the 
sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment 
risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant 
portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or 
country. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
In addition, none of 
EFTA01395350
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse 
impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnership. Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable 
and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who 
otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise 
in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor 
than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will 
consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives 
of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to 
Limited Partners. 
Glendower, the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have 
certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not 
be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend 
the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the 
ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower, 
the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited 
Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to 
revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's 
governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise 
or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with 
one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the 
same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited 
Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the 
Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a 
EFTA01395351
--- PAGE 59 ---
"Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the 
Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) 
consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other 
matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or 
the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter 
entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited 
Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters 
with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited 
partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will 
not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any 
Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership 
Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may 
be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395352
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified 
Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for 
transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the 
Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are 
required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited 
Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the 
Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay 
such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right 
to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital 
contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and 
following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made 
to the limited partners for the 
purpose of funding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in 
respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to 
make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained 
amounts are reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other 
risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, the administrator and certain of their affiliates and 
representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with 
the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to 
the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and 
the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund 
EFTA01395353
--- PAGE 61 ---
any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return 
distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be 
funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made 
to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will 
not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund 
(including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations 
of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim 
will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each 
have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by 
the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to 
the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited 
Partner's Subscription, including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including 
transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and 
other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these 
expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395354
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investors in Subsequent Closings. Investors subscribing for Interests on a 
Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the 
Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata 
share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the 
Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition 
prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to 
participate in such investment, as 
determined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as 
public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which are subject to public disclosure requirements. 
The amount of information about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent 
years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may 
be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, 
withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future 
regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the 
Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet 
uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the 
General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the 
extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the 
distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the 
total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital 
risk and higher current 
EFTA01395355
--- PAGE 63 ---
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it 
borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or 
the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure 
exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency, negligence, 
misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon 
the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire 
such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or 
inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets are pledged 
in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in 
the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to 
borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such 
banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit 
facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to 
pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying 
Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying 
Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise 
borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of 
receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395356
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting 
investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure 
sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Access 
Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the 
Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the 
General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund 
through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be 
allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the 
Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if 
they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor 
performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest 
less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that are 
not historical facts are 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or 
beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain 
information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be 
EFTA01395357
--- PAGE 65 ---
identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "seek," "should," 
"expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend," "continue," "target," "plan," or "believe," or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, 
including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking 
statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The 
Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 
of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain "bad actors" are 
involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the 
exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain 
procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a "disqualifying 
event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests 
or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but are not limited to, the General Partner, the 
Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The 
General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's 
Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be 
required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or 
more of the Access Fund's voting 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395358
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered 
Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP 
that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been 
subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such 
representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all 
of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and 
information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur 
during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements 
towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds 
industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the 
private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose 
administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without 
limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens 
and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and 
Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely 
affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the 
Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, 
the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, 
compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer 
Protection Act (the "DoddFrank 
Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that 
affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant 
to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered 
investment advisers to private funds, 
EFTA01395359
--- PAGE 67 ---
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of 
the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on 
noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries 
and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes 
that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund 
conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the "Volcker Rule," may 
affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is 
difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the 
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty 
may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment 
strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank 
Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or 
proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural 
requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed 
commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395360
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the 
European Union, Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many 
categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index 
credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time 
public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced 
documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkeeping 
requirements. 
While these changes are intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance 
transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not 
known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by 
regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and 
an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future 
exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," 
such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required 
to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin 
that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially 
greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund 
of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether 
for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts 
available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair 
liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, 
investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC 
derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator 
("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into 
hedging transactions or to obtain 
EFTA01395361
--- PAGE 69 ---
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the 
Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the 
CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of 
positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and 
The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such 
risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of 
required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, 
limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC 
derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed 
futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, 
currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options 
contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally 
required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a 
person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, 
subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
futures options contracts and swaps. 
position limits for a broad range of 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is 
additional speculative position 
EFTA01395362
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. 
Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could 
increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option 
contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk 
management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. 
These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of 
execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's 
investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves 
as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to 
the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited 
Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment 
Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the 
General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No 
independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek 
their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as "An Act to provide 
for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for 
fiscal year 2018" (the "2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of 
a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net 
interest expense, (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled 
foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 1096-owned foreign corporation, each 
of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) 
changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of 
expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in 
which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
EFTA01395363
--- PAGE 71 ---
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could 
affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the 
deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses 
and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not 
including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a 
disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. 
partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets 
would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential 
withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the 
holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may 
increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried 
interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on 
the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment 
valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a 
significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If 
so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may 
also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to 
predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access 
Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395364
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 
Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be 
furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual 
U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to, among other 
things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited 
Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or 
"dry" income. Moreover, 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a 
tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a 
return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should 
expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax 
filings and pay taxes. 
Non-U.S. Investors and ECI, U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch 
Profits Taxes. NonU.S. 
investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be 
subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all 
entities in a broadly defined 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs") to comply with a 
complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain 
U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either 
certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their 
substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on 
certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S withholding tax on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
EFTA01395365
--- PAGE 73 ---
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating 
FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders 
that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still 
reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. 
sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on 
these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying 
Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with 
the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an 
Intergovernmental Agreement (an "IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the 
automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the 
country in which such FFI is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information 
with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is 
deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the 
reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that are allocable to a Limited Partner may, in 
accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the 
extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular 
circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395366
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, 
legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of 
partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with 
respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a 
partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount 
of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective 
alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited 
year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax 
liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is 
not able to make such an 
election, then (1) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the 
aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would 
have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may 
indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as 
well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. 
Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to 
pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner 
generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of 
tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required 
to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes 
(including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access 
Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate 
the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the 
Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in 
fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA 
Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as 
a result. Many issues and 
EFTA01395367
--- PAGE 75 ---
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all 
aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. 
federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. 
federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging 
whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences 
thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
W the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
W the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax 
returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the 
Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
iy the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited 
Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its 
Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
IV the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited 
Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative 
minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395368
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
IV the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, 
loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) 
income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in 
taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner 
by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax 
returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in 
connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction 
or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. 
federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be 
determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each 
Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income 
tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in 
certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited 
Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items 
would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more 
detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395369
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income 
tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based 
upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative 
interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a 
different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and 
do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. 
federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations 
that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances 
or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial 
institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities, U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is 
not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle 
or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to 
beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This 
discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local 
jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an 
investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion 
of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could 
have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary are 
applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons 
should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a "U.S. person" generally is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (1) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or 
other entity treated as a corporation 
EFTA01395370
--- PAGE 78 ---
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the 
laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is 
subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the 
authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under 
applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an 
equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of 
the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should 
consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will 
provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize 
withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each 
prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal 
tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395371
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences 
set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial 
advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable 
state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access 
Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment 
of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or 
pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable 
income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the 
Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the 
Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any 
amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater 
amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash 
distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable 
income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law 
governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded 
partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of 
partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a 
corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to 
an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon 
EFTA01395372
--- PAGE 80 ---
liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was 
treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more 
of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends 
and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot 
assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming 
the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata 
share of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the 
Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata 
share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for 
U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395373
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis 
in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the 
Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive 
share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below 
zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the 
adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the 
amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited 
Partner's share of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to 
the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be 
taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the 
distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the 
Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income 
items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with 
respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount 
that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a 
complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial 
liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income 
or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for 
such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must 
be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the 
distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as 
defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
EFTA01395374
--- PAGE 82 ---
as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term 
should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-
recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the 
Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take 
into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that 
allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for 
tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance 
with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner 
intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can 
provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are 
successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the 
allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395375
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain 
or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory 
items (which are broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The 
difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the 
Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized 
would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the 
Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however, Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to 
be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of 
the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the 
General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets 
upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, 
nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked 
without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying 
Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax 
accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an 
election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on 
in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis 
adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in 
the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that 
Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than 
$250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in 
the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In 
lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to 
make an election to be an "electing 
EFTA01395376
--- PAGE 84 ---
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund 
could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any 
loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner 
realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the 
appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can 
be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such 
election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, 
even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate 
taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale 
expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not 
deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net 
gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is 
excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at 
ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 
163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the 
limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395377
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as 
investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited 
Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate 
Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may 
also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in 
the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax 
advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax 
situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code 
restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not 
derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal 
service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, 
losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss 
limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations. A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk 
limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access 
Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has "at risk" with respect to its 
Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be 
considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which 
the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the 
Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). 
Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and 
contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and 
distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund 
previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange 
of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the 
Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
EFTA01395378
--- PAGE 86 ---
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at 
risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the 
difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund 
were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated 
as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. 
Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that 
they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable share of deductions and 
losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 
2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to "investment interest" and 
"miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, 
such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers, subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending 
upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and 
other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees, paid by such Limited 
Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395379
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax 
basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may 
be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to 
deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate 
taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses for five 
years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tax Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the 
Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and 
fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, 
depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as 
ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will 
depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one 
hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for 
their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather 
than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of 
a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any "dealer" property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of 
interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue 
discount ("OID"), which for this 
purpose includes "payments-in-kind," or PIK, interest. In such case, the 
Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of 
such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with 
"market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be 
required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the 
period the debt obligation was 
EFTA01395380
--- PAGE 88 ---
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is 
included in income by the 
holder during the term of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt 
instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt 
instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt 
instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the 
interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the 
instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist 
of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there are a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income 
tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general, a "significant modification" of a debt obligation 
acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the 
resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification 
and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe 
harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is 
"significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could 
take the position that the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395381
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount 
amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access 
Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with 
complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will 
depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before 
January 1, 2026, noncorporate 
taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of 
the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified 
business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including 
investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in 
respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that 
certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is 
subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below 
under "Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. 
It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face 
financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in 
the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such 
restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and 
therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-
U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would 
cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In 
general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes 
"passive income" (generally, interest, 
EFTA01395382
--- PAGE 90 ---
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of 
assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the 
production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the 
Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that 
company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an 
election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund 
invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections 
which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited 
Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395383
--- PAGE 91 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Controlled Foreign Corporations Special rules apply to U.S. persons who 
own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting 
power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States 
Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC"). A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC 
if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting 
power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its 
Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such 
Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive share 
of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited 
Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon 
disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC 
attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be 
required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any 
Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at 
fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain 
foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United 
States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States 
Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of 
certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund 
and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the 
applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any 
profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or 
of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather 
than capital gain or loss. Further, 
EFTA01395384
--- PAGE 92 ---
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or 
obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of 
terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of 
its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any 
loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or 
gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share 
Tax-Exempt Investors. The Underlying Fund may 
entities that are treated as flowthrough 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) 
income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, 
transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax 
amounts of UBTI. A U.S. TaxExempt 
Investor's allocable share of Access 
subject to federal 
income taxation and might 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
only invest in the Access 
amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt 
may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition 
of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effectively becomes the 
which is denominated in 
that currency relative to 
foreign currency gain or 
loss rather than capital 
of such income or loss. 
(i) invest in operating 
generate unrelated debt-financed 
for example, from break-up fees or 
-Exempt Investors to incur material 
Fund income constituting UBTI would be 
be subject to state and local taxation as well. 
should 
Fund if they are willing to receive material 
Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund 
indebtedness resulting in a 
Tax-Exempt Investors. 
material portion 
EFTA01395385
--- PAGE 93 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its 
Interest, all or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI, regardless of 
whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not 
normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" are subject 
to a 100% excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further, certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax 
if the Access Fund engages in 
a "prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a "subsequently listed 
transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter 
transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special 
disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors 
are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
The Interests are being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors that are willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not 
willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund A Feeder Fund may be 
organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a 
Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat 
foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as 
foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Partner's U.S. federal income tax liability. 
Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally are considered to be from sources within the 
United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited 
Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each 
Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable 
to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or 
allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as 
creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable 
limitations on losses and 
EFTA01395386
--- PAGE 94 ---
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on 
the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner, Limited Partners are advised to consult their own tax 
advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information 
returns reporting its income, 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly 
allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing 
authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments 
resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional 
income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and 
partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund 
items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the 
Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any 
entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an 
interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit 
adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395387
--- PAGE 95 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with 
respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year 
under audit). 
United States Tax Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-U.S. 
Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, 
either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of 
stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions 
between themselves and those nonU.S. 
corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to 
certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the 
stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited 
Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that 
fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required 
to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-
U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The 
Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner 
in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability 
of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally 
required to file certain 
information with their annual U S. federal income tax return regarding 
interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. 
If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access 
Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such 
information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or 
other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. 
Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity 
is not currently subject to FBAR 
EFTA01395388
--- PAGE 96 ---
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the 
FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with 
their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend 
income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A 
Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain 
dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. 
Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of 
the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty 
identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment 
companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated 
as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable 
on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect 
to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of 
stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 
days before the date such shares 
become ex-dividend. For preferred stock, the required periods are increased 
from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods 
totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395389
--- PAGE 97 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, 
the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the 
extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make 
related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access 
Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective 
shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable share of qualified 
dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to 
include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction 
discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to 
qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund 
allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-
received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the 
net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold 
amounts. For U.S. individuals, 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted 
gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing 
separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a 
sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts are urged to consult their tax 
advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may 
be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income 
taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by 
various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is 
currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold 
EFTA01395390
--- PAGE 98 ---
assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, substantial 
limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and 
local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in 
the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to, among 
other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including 
the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, 
and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with 
respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each 
Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited 
Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar 
provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund 
must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the 
foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject 
to change by Congress. In recent 
years, there have been significant changes in the Code, some of which are 
being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. 
It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395391
--- PAGE 99 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or 
interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not 
undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments No rulings have been or will be 
requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of 
the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should 
consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax 
rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a 
complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. 
Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws, including state blue 
sky laws. The Interests are offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities 
Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor 
will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary 
private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status 
as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment 
in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely 
that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or 
resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the 
Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors are hereby notified of the 
EFTA01395392
--- PAGE 100 ---
following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of 
the Interests: 
Beginning in 2011, without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin 
Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in 
dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state 
statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James 
offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to 
adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' 
ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were 
not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers 
inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible 
ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required 
under the settlement orders. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395393
--- PAGE 101 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access 
Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange 
Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand 
(2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a 
result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 
Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will 
be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in 
Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only 
to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is 
available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering 
of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of "qualified 
purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(c)(7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely 
on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund 
meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to 
prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund 
from relying on Section 
3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund 
to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (i) will qualify for an 
exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) 
under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such 
exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from 
registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment 
Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice 
to claim such exemption 
EFTA01395394
--- PAGE 102 ---
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager 
will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended 
to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such 
exemptions. If any future 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose 
any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements, 
non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the 
Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests 
that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the 
General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should 
consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response 
to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and 
other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation 
verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use 
of funds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this 
information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395395
--- PAGE 103 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Furthermore, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to 
the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access 
Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, 
its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such 
representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall 
require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the 
Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, 
territory, individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") 
website, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or 
entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent 
to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly 
derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, 
including, any applicable antimoney 
laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any 
time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines 
are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to 
implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner 
nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European 
Union's Directive 2011/61/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the 
date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative 
Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not 
applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the 
Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any 
prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a 
relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA")2, when such marketing 
is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the 
EFTA01395396
--- PAGE 104 ---
Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that 
an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other 
retirement plans which are 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the 
ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit 
plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards 
under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment 
of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the 
prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan 
fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the 
Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, 
the risk of loss and the potential 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395397
--- PAGE 105 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's 
portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow 
needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding 
objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might 
constitute or give rise to a 
"prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion 
of the assets of an individual 
retirement account ("IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not 
subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan 
that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, or of an investment 
fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or 
plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the 
Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into 
account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the 
Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a 
market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests; such trustee or other person has 
authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an 
the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the 
"2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary 
relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain 
conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the "Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated 
institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a 
sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection 
with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were 
determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that 
the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the "Sponsor") had provided "investment 
EFTA01395398
--- PAGE 106 ---
advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary to a Plan investor, the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the 
Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner 
in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department 
of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to 
fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an 
ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access 
Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access 
Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets 
will not be treated as "plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in 
ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each 
class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and 
any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit 
plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes 
of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395399
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the 
General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance 
with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access 
Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. The 
General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in 
making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the 
assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be "plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other 
requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner 
and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to 
ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have 
improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be 
required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return ("Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be 
required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access 
Fund's service providers as 
"reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the 
extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation 
required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy 
the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as 
defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans are not subject 
to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments 
such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. 
Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund 
should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
EFTA01395400
--- PAGE 108 ---
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
* 
* 
* 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395401
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01395402
--- PAGE 110 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of 
its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any 
statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or 
information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent 
supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify 
or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures" in the 
Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to "this Memorandum" shall refer to the 
Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may 
not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to 
return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines 
not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). 
Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, 
representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without 
limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and 
tax structure, provided, however, 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) 
shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax 
structure of such transaction 
EFTA01395403
--- PAGE 111 ---
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead 
another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could 
reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide 
updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
EFTA01395404
--- PAGE 112 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of 
the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or 
expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs 
of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund 
and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or 
the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others 
(whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in 
respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process 
EFTA01395405
--- PAGE 113 ---
for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the 
Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of 
the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the 
costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise 
holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners, whether individually or in a group) attending 
meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for 
risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit 
Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and 
expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including 
administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including 
withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, 
including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental 
inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners 
will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that 
they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner 
of the Access Fund); provided, 
EFTA01395406
--- PAGE 114 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as 
determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited 
Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to 
its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses)., except as otherwise provided herein or in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including 
any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro rata share of management 
fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses 
payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by 
virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access 
Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access 
Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire 
interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund 
and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the 
respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of 
the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of 
the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners (which capital calls for 
indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from 
anycertain recalleds of Distributions (see "— Capital Calls" and "Limited 
Partner Giveback"), against 
certain expenses or losses. 
In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be 
obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be 
callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's 
EFTA01395407
--- PAGE 115 ---
obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in Limited 
Partner Giveback below. 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability 
or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund 
LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its 
capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return 
distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed 
the aggregate amount of25% 
of all distributions received by such Limited Partner (it being understood 
that additional amounts may be 
called fromfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise 
required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a 
Limited Partner would be 
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation); 
provided further that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the 18-
month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any 
proceedings or claims outstanding, the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside 
of a Limited Partner's 
Subscriptionthereof). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
EFTA01395408
--- PAGE 116 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk 
Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" 
is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
EFTA01395409
--- PAGE 117 ---
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain 
Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with 
The Access Fund may be required to repay 
creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions 
the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts 
the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. TheSubject to certain 
the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access 
distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. 
may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access 
to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk 
Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their 
any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities 
the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses 
indemnification granted under the 
the risk of loss and delay 
of the Access Fund, with the 
fair value of such securities as 
Risk Factors and Potential 
the changes as marked below: 
to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
previously received by it. In addition, 
that are 
restrictions in 
required to be withheld by 
the Partnership Agreement, 
Fund all or part of any 
all or 
affiliates 
incurred in 
and 
any portion of the Access 
Similarly, Limited Partners 
Fund is unable otherwise 
Factors and Potential 
marked below: 
General Partner, the 
representatives (including 
connection with the affairs of 
thereof) will be in addition to the 
EFTA01395410
--- PAGE 118 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations 
and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments 
of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying 
Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls 
from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. 
A Limited Partner's obligation 
to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's 
Subscription, and therefore will not be capped subject to certain exceptions 
and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any 
investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), are available to satisfy all 
liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund 
an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management 
costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions 
from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In 
addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnification 
expenses and certain other 
required payments, including transfer expenses, interest expenses in 
connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited 
partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
EFTA01395411
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395412
--- PAGE 120 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395413
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
EFTA01395414
--- PAGE 122 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750,000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND"). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL 
CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE "FCA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, 
AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY 
ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT 
THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED 
IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM "TAX TREATMENT" REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM "TAX STRUCTURE" REFERS TO ANY 
FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT 
TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, 
CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
EFTA01395415
--- PAGE 123 ---
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U.S. SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE "APPENDIX 1: 
NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE 
JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN 
FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) ("PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS"). THIS 
MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY 
TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
EFTA01395416
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE 
LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR 
INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)-
(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE 
OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS 
NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS 
WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT 
IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE 
NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT 
THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY 
RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS" AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST". 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE 
RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED 
HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD 
EFTA01395417
--- PAGE 125 ---
MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND 
AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR. 
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING 
IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P., SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY 
PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION 
OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE 
RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS 
LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER 
CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS 
FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page ii 
EFTA01395418
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE "U.S. ADVISER"). ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE 
SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING 
TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY," "WILL," "SHOULD," "EXPECT," "ANTICIPATE," "PROJECT," 
"ESTIMATE," "INTEND," 
"CONTINUE" OR "BELIEVE" OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON 
OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, 
INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN 
FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST 
CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE 
FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY 
JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE 
DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
EFTA01395419
--- PAGE 127 ---
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, 
SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER") OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF 
ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION 
HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE") NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE 
INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iii 
EFTA01395420
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ("CPO"), PURSUANT 
TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(A)(3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE 
INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND 
SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS 
ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY 
INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, 
PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED 
AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT 
UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, 
PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, 
THE INTHE-MONEY 
AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING 
INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN 
THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS 
PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS 
INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
EFTA01395421
--- PAGE 129 ---
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING 
WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN 
THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT 
ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL 
STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ("MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE"). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR 
INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED 
BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ("COVERED PARTY") ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH 
BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION 
WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE 
COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR 
COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO 
COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING 
SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT 
SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iv 
EFTA01395422
--- PAGE 130 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING 
DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN 
THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL 
CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH 
RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN 
REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE 
USED, BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE 
TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A 
LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES 
ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES 
A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS 
TRUE, 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS 
THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR 
QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY, OR 
TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF 
THIS 
PARAGRAPH. 
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
EFTA01395423
--- PAGE 131 ---
PURCHASERS OF SECURITIES THAT ARE EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN 
FLORIDA. 
"DOLLARS" AND "$" REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
EFTA01395424
--- PAGE 132 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: carlo.pirzio-biroli@glendowercapital.com 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: josh.glaser@glendowercapital.com 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: michael.j.murphy@credit-suisse.com 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page vi 
EFTA01395425
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive 
Summary  
Section 2: Investment 
Performance  
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms  
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP  
Section 5: Fund 
Management  
Section 6: Summary of Terms and 
Conditions  
Section 7: Risk 
Factors  
Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest  
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations  
Appendices  
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific 
Jurisdictions  
Appendix 2 Privacy 
Notice  
Appendix 3 Anti-Money 
Laundering  
 101 
Appendix 4 Key 
Definitions  
 102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance 
Information  
 108 
Appendix 6 
Directory  
 111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General 
EFTA01395426
--- PAGE 134 ---
Partner  
 112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395427
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395428
--- PAGE 136 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395429
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, 
LLP ("Glendower Capital", "Glendower" or the "Manager"), an independent 
investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by 
the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of 
generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through 
the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (i) the 
acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, 
feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary" and, 
together, "Fund Secondaries"), (ii) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a 
"GP-led Secondary" and, together, "GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a "Single Asset Deal"). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-
Biroli and Charles Smith (the "Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment 
professionals. As described in "History" 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised 
outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed 
by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower, co-
founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the "SOF Business") in 2006 
after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion 
proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.1 Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and 
Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were part of the team initially assembled by the Managing 
EFTA01395430
--- PAGE 138 ---
Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of 
Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to 
become the "SOF Team" and, on and from August 1, 
2017, the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led 
the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III (collectively the 
"SOF Funds" or the "SOF Program") with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically: 
\Z SOF,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and 
held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
)Z SOF D,4 a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 
million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it. 
References to the "Glendower SOF Team" may also include investment 
professionals and other personnel that are subsequently hired by the 
Manager. 
SOF is a pool of capital dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 
2007, which was structured through three separate investment vehicles, DB 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P. ("SOF A"), DB Secondary Opportunities 
Fund B, L.P. ("SOF B") and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
("SOF C"), collectively "SOF". 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. ("SOF D") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 2010. SOF D is a Euro 
denominated fund. US$ values have been converted to Euros at the September 
30, 2017 rate of 1.1822. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395431
--- PAGE 139 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z SOF II,5 the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a 
final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
\Z SOF III,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 
with a US$1,654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations 
professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at 
Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, 
inter alia, Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their 
remaining term. Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice 
and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to 
the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the 
portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in 
relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance Information) any 
track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised 
prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the 
track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard 
to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not joined Glendower Capital were 
involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in 
respect of the investments made 
by the SOF Funds.7 
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to 
transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and 
valuations. 
\Z Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier 
cash distributions. 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment 
of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years), strategy, industry and 
EFTA01395432
--- PAGE 140 ---
geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to 
an institutionalized market where US$58 
billion8 was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including 
pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and 
family offices. 
\Z With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment 
(commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand 
balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9 
)Z Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of 
Fair Market Value ("FMV") since 201010 
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record 
secondary transaction volumes.11 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP ("SOF II") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first closing in 2011. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP ("SOF III") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first and final closing in 
2014. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF 
D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report, Bain & Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395433
--- PAGE 141 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target 
area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the 
market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tailend 
funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset 
liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment 
strategyl3 pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management14) in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is 
built around five main pillars: 
)Z A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million 
Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF 
Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017, the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an 
average deal size of US$40 million. 
\Z Pursuing a selective, true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth 
fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs 
larger levered beta players, the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3,000 potential deals since 2007 valued at 
around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
)Z Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing 
mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 
350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of 
purchase.15 
)Z Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has 
historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and limited at portfolio level, (ii) systematically 
implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (iii) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios 
across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries 
and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Deals16 adjusting to focus on the former during market 
corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a 
broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar structures), 
portfolios of direct private equity assets, and coinvestments 
EFTA01395434
--- PAGE 142 ---
in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower 
SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
.>Z Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's 
relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors17 and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.18 
\Z Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address 
their objectives, which often include nonmonetary 
factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of 
execution. 
.>Z Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF 
Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary 
funds. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Represents % of aggregate invested capital in the SOF Funds as of 
September 30, 2017. Past portfolio construction of the SOF Funds is not a 
prediction of the Fund's portfolio construction. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395435
--- PAGE 143 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Established track recordl9, 20 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance 
with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) 
and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to 
investors. More specifically: 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile 
performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group, with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI 
and 22% Net IRR. 
t SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top 
decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
)Z SOF II (2011, US$614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top 
quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
.>Z SOF III (2014, US$1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment 
period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI, 
0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
\Z Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
• Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub-delegated manager to the SOF 
Funds, generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital. 
\Z Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years2l before 
spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
)Z London and New York offices with established operational, integrated, 
self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
)Z Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 
12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
\Z Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion 
in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22 
Unique sell-side experience, having participated in the restructuring of 
Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.23 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
\Z Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after 
all fees, expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. This information reflects a comparison of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only. SOF Funds' 
performance may differ when compared to other benchmark data. 
EFTA01395436
--- PAGE 144 ---
Performance of the SOF Funds is not included in the data set used to 
calculate the benchmark data. Please refer to Section 2, Exhibit 2 for 
further 
information. 
The performance figures have not been audited and are based on the 
unaudited aggregated performance results of SOF, SOF D and SOF II and SOF 
III, collectively the SOF Funds, as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information which sets forth, amongst other things, important information 
regarding the performance described above. Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of subscription line facilities. 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF IV is expected to use) such facilities to manage 
capital drawdowns, as described in "Drawdowns and use of 
subscription line facilities" in Section 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds' 
performance data is not expected to be representative of the investment 
returns that will be experienced by investors in the Fund. Gross returns are 
gross of fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the 
investment level. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of their future performance 
or that of the Fund. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have 
worked together since 2003. Adam Graev became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395437
--- PAGE 145 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund 
Sponsors.25 
\Z Conducts a rigorous value driven, asset-by-asset, bottom-up analysis 
focused on: 
— Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company26 
— Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
\Z Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of 
interest between the Fund Sponsor and its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable, attractive assets 
with reasonable leverage and attractive "see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the 
investors in the Fund: 
.>Z The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 
1.0% of the Fund. 
.>Z The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to 
receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
.>Z The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals 
from Glendower Capital. 
\Z Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV, or any 
future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly, Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried 
interest or general partner's share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential 
conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest, which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information 
To the extent that such information is available. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
•
EFTA01395438
--- PAGE 146 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395439
--- PAGE 147 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to 
investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance 
of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, 
compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28 
Through September 30, 2017, the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 
transactions resulting in distributions 
of over US$1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net 
IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and 
over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 201730, 31, 32, 33 
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.0x 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
EFTA01395440
--- PAGE 148 ---
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
For discussion purposes only Source: Glendower Capital based on Preqin 
benchmark data for the median TVPI and Net IRR achieved by buyout 
funds for vintages of 1997 to 2017. Average buyout TVPI = 1.59x; Average Net 
IRR = 15.5%. Data as of September 30, 2017. For further 
benchmarking of Glendower Capital to buyout returns, please refer to Exhibit 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
"Invested" is defined as the sum of the purchase price and remaining 
unfunded obligation as of the time of closing, or time of expected closing 
for 
pending deals. 
The performance figures have not been audited and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance Information 
which sets forth, amongst other things, important information regarding the 
performance described above. The SOF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be representative of the investment returns that will be 
EFTA01395441
--- PAGE 149 ---
experienced by investors in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds is 
not a 
prediction of future performance. Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the 
DaVinci Portfolio — a well diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds 
purchased through an SPV, providing exposure to buyout, special situations, 
venture capital and real estate strategies in North America, Europe and 
Asia. The number of funds and companies is an estimate and shows the 
aggregate of each deal at closing and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ valued have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395442
--- PAGE 150 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). 
The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund 
Benchmark34, 35, 36, 37 
In Exhibit 3, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of 
September 30, 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage 
year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile38 
TVPI37 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.Ox 
SOF II 
SOF 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
15% 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
20% 
SOF II 
2.Ox 
SOF 
25% 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
EFTA01395443
--- PAGE 151 ---
DPI37 
2.5x 
Net IRR37 
35% 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
vintage year peer group. SOF and SOF D performance is not included in the 
data set used to calculate the benchmark data. Note that the performance 
figures in respect of SOF and SOF D have not been audited and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information. Past performance of SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance. 
Information presented in Exhibit 2 is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team. There can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & 
SOF III performance against one benchmark only. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II, SOF III or 
any other Glendower funds and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will 
achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved, but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team. 
Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction and should be read and reviewed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5: 
Important Performance Information which sets forth, amongst other things, 
important information regarding the performance 
described above. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395444
--- PAGE 152 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF, SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and 
invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital, Net IRR, TVPI and 
DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. 
Net IRR, initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be 
returned in around 24 quarters, or 6 years. 
Lastly, TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.85x range by the time funds 
are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the 
Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39 
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance40 
Past performance is not a prediction of future performance and therefore 
there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Size, Net IRR Development, TVPI (Total 
Value to Paid in Capital), DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital), as of 
September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based on the 
unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
Appendix 5: Important Performance Information which sets forth, among 
other things, important information regarding the performance information 
described in Exhibit 4. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns 
and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. Performance information on 
SOF D has not been included on this slide because SOF D is a single 
transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to underwrite pari-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF. Glendower does not expect that similar transactions 
will be available to SOF IV. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395445
--- PAGE 153 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market 
indexes including the MCSI World Index, Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all 
cases, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets4l 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
MCSI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare 
a Glendower investor's performance, but rather is disclosed solely to 
allow for comparison to that of certain well-known and widely recognized 
EFTA01395446
--- PAGE 154 ---
indices. Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate 
the PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same 
date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the 
total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in the 
index 
and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been 
treated using the "all in method". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Net IRR 
EFTA01395447
--- PAGE 155 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395448
--- PAGE 156 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in 
the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8, 
respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of 
Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Fund Name 
Investment Strategy 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in 
the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition of a diverse 
portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1.75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
Manager 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the 
FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to 
provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the 
Fund. 
Term 
Investment Period 
Target First Closing 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take 
place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share The General Partner will receive from the Fund an 
annual profit share as follows: 
(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments; 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
EFTA01395449
--- PAGE 157 ---
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit 
share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Carried Interest 
Clawback 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2.5 million. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395450
--- PAGE 158 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395451
--- PAGE 159 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
SOF IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor fund to 
the SOF Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the SOF Funds in the secondary market and will follow 
processes established by the Glendower 
SOF Team in the SOF Program.42 
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has 
generated strong returns in the SOF Funds to date,43 
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse 
portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and 
distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
1. Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
2. GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP 
tenders; and 
3. Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at 
the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies 
depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During 
the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their 
relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of US$5 million to US$100 
million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the 
opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the 
Manager's view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, 
focusing on funds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' 
or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager 
believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range — most 
Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the 
EFTA01395452
--- PAGE 160 ---
Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a 
situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above, the Fund will have the 
ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to 
invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net 
IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis.44 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team was able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Past performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance of either the SOF Funds or the Fund. Actual returns on unrealized 
investments may differ materially from returns indicated herein. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395453
--- PAGE 161 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow 
and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives, which often include non-monetary factors such as 
confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and 
referral sources amongst fund investors, 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement 
agents, investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source 
proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to 
achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best 
investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of 
sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
\Z The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of 
assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%, Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 
4%.45 
\Z Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by 
value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.46 
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors, such as 
confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to 
sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing 
transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non -
monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. 
A wide funnel and a narrow filter.47 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
EFTA01395454
--- PAGE 162 ---
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of March 19, 
2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395455
--- PAGE 163 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important 
element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary 
investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investor's 
investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
\Z Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward 
profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors48 
In '000 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitgate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate 
3-Curve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash 
flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure 
across vintage, strategy, industry and geography. 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetic 
al timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
EFTA01395456
--- PAGE 164 ---
Timeframe of secondary investment 
11 
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the 
potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
\Z Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect 
current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market 
dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
\Z Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to 
analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
\Z Mitigation of 3-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn 
down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the 3-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of 
funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures — are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 
to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors 
receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. An investor in such a structure that 
requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the 
interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving 
regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led 
Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
This information is for discussion purposes. The graph is an example for 
illustrative purposes and the actual cash flow profile of any given 
investment 
may vary substantially. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395457
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA01395458
--- PAGE 166 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically 
over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners 
alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was 
typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity 
funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders, GP recapitalizations and 
structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time, the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 
trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled 
the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently 
transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.50 
Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and 
(ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that 
many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP-led Secondaries and active 
portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in 
this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and 
future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued 
prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented 
the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market 
for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) 
tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 
billion51 in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of 
supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 — 201752 
US$bn 
6x 
EFTA01395459
--- PAGE 167 ---
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
GP-led Secondary 
2012 
2013 
Fund Secondary 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more 
investors have entered the asset class, existing 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger 
commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM 
in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions Discussion Materials, May 
2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to Secondary Market, June 
2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395460
--- PAGE 168 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. 
The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key 
drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion53 
US$bn 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
2x 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PE54 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when 
evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 
93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that 
younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized 
assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than funds of more recent vintages whose assets 
still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively 
by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds, and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals 
EFTA01395461
--- PAGE 169 ---
without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived "out-of-favor" 
funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset 
selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller, may result in the ability to generate 
stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an 
auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity 
index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing 
captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The 
aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a 
number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,-
and does not factor in transaction structuring, 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, 
June 2017. 
Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018 
Private equity funds typically report information to their investors, 
including the net asset value of their investment, on a quarterly basis. 
Secondary 
market transactions are typically priced with reference to the net asset 
value of an LP interest as of a specific reporting date, the "Record Date". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395462
--- PAGE 170 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing — which 
taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)57 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low 
volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the 
secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to 
reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were very low because the high discount (to already low 
net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain 
amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, 
resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary Market Update, March 
2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395463
--- PAGE 171 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply / demand is balanced 
with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. 
US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower 
believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current 
market volumes, a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capital supply58 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced59 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Buyout 
Secondaries 
3.7x 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
2.2x 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary 
market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires 
to 
modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very 
EFTA01395464
--- PAGE 172 ---
disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 19660 of total transaction volume by 
value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional 
category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated 
in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now 
represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private 
equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and 
pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) 
public pensions, and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage 
vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report, Bain & 
Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 and Greenhill Cogent Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Deal flow information represents the aggregate deal flow by value 
reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1, 2006 and September 
30, 2017. Historical deal flow characteristics do not provide a prediction 
of future deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal 
flow 
will be comparable to historic deal flow. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395465
--- PAGE 173 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdown6l 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage58 
100% 
20% 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
80% 
60% 
58% 
40% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
0% 
2016 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
2017 
20% 
22% 
18% 
<2006 Pre-crisis 
43% 
2006-08 Pre-crisis 
39% 
>2008 Post-crisis 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-
of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not 
new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older 
vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs, or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant 
supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. US$600 billion of private equity assets 
still locked in 2003-2008 vintage funds. 
EFTA01395466
--- PAGE 174 ---
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Year62 
US$bn 
US$600 billion 
250 
226 
200 
201 
186 
150 
149 
137 
100 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Crisis 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Post Crisis 
2015 
2016 
129 
144 
193 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report — Private 
Equity and Venture Capital Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395467
--- PAGE 175 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing 
approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and 
restructurings, tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated 
the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the 
real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)65 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
7.1 
15% 
9.0 
20% 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 
2007 
2008 
EFTA01395468
--- PAGE 176 ---
2009 
GP-led secondaries 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of 
underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
t The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years 
resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity 
assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, 
which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
A greater and growing number of high-quality managers are now utilizing 
the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional 
capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
t Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led 
liquidity offerings and restructurings. Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2017. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, 
January 2018 and Evercore H1 2017 Secondary Market Survey Results. 
2017 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1.1 
1.9 
5% 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395469
--- PAGE 177 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
curiosities, Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown 
to be an important aspect of the market, 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the 
future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve 
liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities, Glendower has 
not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have 
noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. 
Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open 
communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a 
set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that 
characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large 
fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, 
value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment 
with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling 
rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that 
have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-led Secondaries 
with "Top Quartile" GPs66 
Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395470
--- PAGE 178 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary 
opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 
Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment 
strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which 
the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between US$1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager 
believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build 
diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below US$1 billion are forced to compete in the very 
competitive market for small fund interests, and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a 
fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than US$3 billion 
inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in 
generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its 
Strategy68 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market 
indexing 
• Global sourcing 
• Volume-driven 
3,000 
• 
M 
Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Global sourcing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
SOF II 
S 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF I 
>50 players 
100 
EFTA01395471
--- PAGE 179 ---
1996 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
Fund Vintages 
<$1bn 
$1-3bn 
>$3bn 
Glendower Capital 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
SOF III 
SOF IV 
—10 players 
10,000 
—10 players 
Sourcing strategies 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to 
sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have 
historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to 
actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, 
but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed 
towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be 
ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. 
These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, 
infrastructure, mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, 
together with its target deal size of under US$100 
Source: Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Source: Preqin database and Glendower Capital's own analysis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395472
--- PAGE 180 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through 
the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 
15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the 
portfolio — focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary 
pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this, some secondaries funds target interests in Fund 
Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these 
interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund 
interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the 
underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool 
risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment 
process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
origination 
and sourcing 
fi Top down 
identification of 
attractive assets 
fF Focus on key 
seller verticals 
fi Proactive calling 
efforts 
fr Logging of all 
potential deals into 
pipeline 
Screening 
and due 
diligence 
ff, Weekly review of 
pipeline 
fi Staffing and 
prioritisation 
fF Detailed bottomup 
EFTA01395473
--- PAGE 181 ---
due diligence 
fr Transaction 
negotiation and 
structuring 
Investment 
decision & 
closing 
fr Approval by 
Investment 
Committee 
ff Final negotiations 
ff Signing of 
transaction 
ff GP consent / other 
closing conditions 
ff FX hedging 
fr Closing 
Monitoring 
and risk 
mgmt 
fr Review of 
realisations and 
updates on 
performance at 
weekly meeting 
fr Ongoing 
evaluation of sale 
opportunities 
fr Formal quarterly 
valuation and 
performance 
review 
Investment 
realisation 
fr Review cashflows 
from underlying 
funds 
fr Evaluate and 
execute 
realisations where 
we have discretion 
fr Pipeline 
fr Valuation model 
fr IC memo 
fr PSA and 
subscription 
documents 
fr Valuation memo 
fr Quarterly review 
fr IC memo 
fr Sale documents 
EFTA01395474
--- PAGE 182 ---
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally 
competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships, which includes 
financial sponsors, Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity 
funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database 
listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Output 
Activities 
Step 
EFTA01395475
--- PAGE 183 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively 
source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and 
approach utilizes the following principles: 
• Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
\Z Focus on quality assets. 
\Z Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing, or is 
expected to distribute, carried interest. 
\Z Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
\Z Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a 
rigorous and disciplined value-focused, 
bottom-up due diligence69 
approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality 
investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous, value-focused bottom-up due 
diligence focused on: 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company. 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
\Z Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
\Z Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as 
well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-
investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team 
will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key 
terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund 
Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include 
deciding, on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full 
due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment. 
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the 
Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This 
process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing 
negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via 
EFTA01395476
--- PAGE 184 ---
intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the 
portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the 
Manager to be appropriate, the Glendower SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including, for example, utilizing 
selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
To the extent information is available from the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395477
--- PAGE 185 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team 
members who completed the investment. 
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore 
believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the 
investment under-performs as against its business 
plan. 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower 
SOF Team will: 
.>Z Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in 
conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them.70 
\Z Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on 
the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether 
there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary 
and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary 
actions, steps or remedial processes. 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting 
and investor report. 
Z Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
— weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor 
the Fund's portfolio, review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash 
activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add 
value to an investment or exit an 
investment. 
— quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly 
valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the 
portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
\Z Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as 
investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the 
marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments 
in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-
led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set 
EFTA01395478
--- PAGE 186 ---
forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence 
process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and 
presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of 
information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed divestment. 
The extent of the Glendower SOF Team's interaction with Fund Sponsors, 
including by attending partnership meetings, will depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395479
--- PAGE 187 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395480
--- PAGE 188 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395481
--- PAGE 189 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its 
partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from 
Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has 
worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by 
Carlo and Charles in 2006, has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 billion 
of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York, with a 23-
strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 
years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, 
portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated 
manner when it was established in 2006.71 
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of 
relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of 
Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Brief biographies of 
the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. 
Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility 
as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated 
to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonti,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with 
Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on 
investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in 
respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. The Investment Committee, in addition to 
other matters, will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target 
EFTA01395482
--- PAGE 190 ---
investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments, and (iv) advise on the investment 
strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, 
Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the 
Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with 
decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Francesco Rigamonti will act as a senior advisor to Glendower Capital and 
is not a partner, officer or employee of Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395483
--- PAGE 191 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
From time to time, and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional 
persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 
2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's € 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 
to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary 
funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank, Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds; 
an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as 
a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil 
engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and 
an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome, Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer. Based in 
London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the 
restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
€6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a 
Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from 
Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary 
private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before 
then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture, growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
EFTA01395484
--- PAGE 192 ---
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial 
analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London, Chi is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 
2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the 
implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously, Chi 
completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London, Emilio is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe, the Middle East 
and Asia. Prior to Glendower, Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA, where he spent over five years focusing on 
secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a 
Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at 
Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, 
Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations 
(across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395485
--- PAGE 193 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. 
Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She 
is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche 
Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists, Alternatives (Americas), responsible for 
managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor 
relations for Paul Capital, serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum 
Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking 
at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor, 
Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamonti (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan, Francesco works 
with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible 
for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he 
worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, 
Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level 
professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the 
origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations, finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 
eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice 
President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
EFTA01395486
--- PAGE 194 ---
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a 
MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO Based in New York, Katie is the 
Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the 
SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, 
Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. She began her 
career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loidl (32), Vice President. Based in London, Victoria is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria 
graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London, Devrup is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 
five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF 
Business. From 2008 to 2012, Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated 
from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance, 
summa cum laude, from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is 
currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395487
--- PAGE 195 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Ferneini (34), Vice President. Based in London, Philippe is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining 
Glendower Capital, Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in 
the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School 
(Diplome d'Ingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smirnova (31), Vice President 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on 
origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets 
business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration 
with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President — Finance. Based in London, Louise is 
responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for 
in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management 
Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance, a 
with the SOF team previously from 2011 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom 
(lions) in Accounting Sciences in 2003, 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
transaction team in valuing, executing and 
of Business and a Master of Engineering 
. Based in London, Elena is responsible 
the management company structure and 
functions for the platform. Prior to 
registered charity. Louise worked 
to 
EFTA01395488
--- PAGE 196 ---
monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. Jonathan graduated 
from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, 
having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and 
spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports 
the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring 
of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from 
Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction 
team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior 
to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheldon holds a MSc in 
Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale 
Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team 
members will be recruited over the coming six 
months: Investment Team Associate, London; Tax Vice President, New York; and 
a Fund Controller Associate, New 
York. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395489
--- PAGE 197 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395490
--- PAGE 198 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an 
investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. To the extent that 
there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will 
prevail. 
******** 
The Fund 
Investment Objective 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private 
fund limited 
partnership. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed 
opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target 
globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established 
generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and 
other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, 
a "Fund 
Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity 
fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke 
liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) co 
investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-
investment, a 
"Single Asset Deal"). Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset 
Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects 
that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at 
least four years. 
The General Partner 
EFTA01395491
--- PAGE 199 ---
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company, will serve as a general partner of 
the Fund (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint 
the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (the 
"Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in 
accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the 
business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
"Manager") is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under 
the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the "AIFMD") and its 
implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management 
and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and 
negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and 
advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and 
disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AIFM" (as defined in the AIFMD) and will 
assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion 
of the General 
Partner and the Second GP, will take all actions in respect of the Fund that 
constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will 
satisfy from the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395492
--- PAGE 200 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
("Glendower U.S."), to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment 
management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-
advisory 
agreement. 
Commitments 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ("Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion, although the General Partner may accept aggregate 
Commitments less than, 
or in excess of, this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not 
exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest, a prospective Limited Partner must 
execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to 
satisfy its "customer 
due diligence" obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a 
subscription for an 
Interest. 
Minimum Commitment The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund 
(collectively, the "Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP, the 
"Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser 
amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 
0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the 
Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an "Advance"). 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and 
Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the "Team Investment") indirectly through the Special 
Limited Partner (as 
defined below). The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the 
aggregate 
Commitments. 
Closings 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the "First 
Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more 
EFTA01395493
--- PAGE 201 ---
additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First 
Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 
months after the 
First Closing (the "Final Admission Date"), provided that, if on the 15 
month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel 
Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date 
shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 
billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of 
the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each 
a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner") generally will participate in the investments, if any, 
made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally 
contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the 
Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at 
the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date 
of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to 
take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Drawdowns 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to 
pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, 
generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395494
--- PAGE 202 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, 
and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following 
occurs (the 
"Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period 
following a key 
person event (as described below)) After the end of the Investment Period, 
the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to 
make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment, (b) complete investments that were 
in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (c) fund follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate 
amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down 
Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's 
Share. 
Reinvestment 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be 
drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment 
received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but 
only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment; (ii) following 
the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in "Investment 
Period" above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for 
the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals; and (iii) 
distributions made 
EFTA01395495
--- PAGE 203 ---
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of 
the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund 
expenses. 
Key Person Event 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the "Key 
Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified 
replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key 
Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles 
Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially 
all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as 
defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary 
Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the "Permitted 
Activities"). The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 664j% 
in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified 
replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being 
suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be 
automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially 
all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the 
Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66ges in interest of 
the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances 
described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Diversification 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) 
no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395496
--- PAGE 204 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund 
Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary, (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base 
invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a 
primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been 
drawn down, 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested 
in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
"Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, 
an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate 
Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an 
amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing 
of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be 
outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the 
Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The 
Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from 
investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in 
portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for 
such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging 
arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings 
including its 
EFTA01395497
--- PAGE 205 ---
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be 
incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured 
by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
Hedging 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, 
interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of 
derivative transactions, 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit 
share (the "General 
Partner's Share"). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share 
quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other 
proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and 
each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable 
Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b) the commitment (or 
equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor; 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the 
Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn 
down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested 
in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an 
investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395498
--- PAGE 206 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund's "Invested Capital"); and 
(iii) for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term 
(including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share 
attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately 
preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), 
and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to 
each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the 
Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be 
equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its 
commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General 
Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 
"Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees." 
"Applicable Points" means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment 
(or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than 
US$50 million, zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or 
more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$100 million 
or more but less than US$150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis 
points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
"Legacy Investor" means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct 
commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing 
or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment 
to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the 
Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following 
EFTA01395499
--- PAGE 207 ---
Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, 
distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with 
respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such 
portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each 
Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time; 
(ii) Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal 
rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third, 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the "Special 
Limited Partner") 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner, 
12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the 
Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over (ii) the Advances of such 
Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited 
Partner. 
"Carried Interest" means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited 
Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of the Fund will be made in cash or 
marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395500
--- PAGE 208 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted 
securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the 
Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the 
manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will 
not be subject to 
Carried Interest. 
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required 
to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent 
that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as 
Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions" above) applied on an aggregate basis 
covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited 
Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received 
by the Special 
Limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of 
the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an 
aggregate amount 
not to exceed US$2,500,000, plus amounts in respect of applicable value 
added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees, 
will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the 
General 
Partner's Share. 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all 
normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund, 
including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in 
connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including 
EFTA01395501
--- PAGE 209 ---
without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase, structuring, holding and 
sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed); expenses incurred in connection 
with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of 
accountants, counsel, 
administrators, depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax 
filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting; 
litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will 
be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment 
opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any 
broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal 
expenses; provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-
up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
Transaction, Break-Up 
and Other Fees 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates 
may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees, 
advisory fees, break-up 
fees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the 
members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any 
related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the 
Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be 
applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated 
among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by 
each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if 
necessary. 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three 
voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the "Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member 
of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an 
investor in any 
EFTA01395502
--- PAGE 210 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395503
--- PAGE 211 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor 
affiliated with the 
General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel 
Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to 
appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as 
the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at 
least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, 
the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult 
conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will 
members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 66gps in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the 
General Partner, 
the Second GP, Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital, 
LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar 
investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed 
or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of 
the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its 
Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple 
objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund 
opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Subject to the "Successor 
and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment 
Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, 
of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and 
or before the Final Admission Date at 
with the Manager as to potential 
reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee 
third party investor funds with investment 
but are dedicated to pursuing investment 
or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund"). 
Funds" restrictions described above, the Manager 
vehicles, including Complementary 
the "Investment Platforms"), some 
investment committee members with 
EFTA01395504
--- PAGE 212 ---
those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the 
Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with 
its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable 
investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, 
regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their 
Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require, 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the 
Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a 
Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance 
with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited 
quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year 
only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. Limited Partners will also receive 
such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes 
to leverage, 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the 
opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment 
activities and 
portfolio. 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports 
regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an 
amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" 
below for 
inter alia, the prior written 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395505
--- PAGE 213 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
Alternative Vehicles 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in 
its sole 
discretion. 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct 
the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more 
alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle") if, in the judgment of the 
Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and 
would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Alternative Vehicle 
generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund 
(except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will 
be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses 
of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of 
determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General 
Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination 
that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
Parallel Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds 
(each a 
"Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. Any 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially 
similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an 
affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds 
which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate 
the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors 
in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant 
Parallel Fund, as the 
EFTA01395506
--- PAGE 214 ---
case may be. 
Side Letters 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or 
vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more 
Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for 
example, reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or 
altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a "Side 
Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the 
terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient 
than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic 
arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of 
particular investments, 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund, (iv) transfer to affiliates, (v) co-
investment opportunities, 
(vi) withdrawal events, (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution 
processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling 
a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election 
to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's 
pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future 
investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's 
investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely 
with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or 
transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) 
notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. Any additional rights 
established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter 
with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a 
Commitment equal to 
EFTA01395507
--- PAGE 215 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395508
--- PAGE 216 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side 
Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final 
Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective 
affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, 
members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a "Covered Person") will be liable to the 
Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund, except for 
(i) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross 
negligence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) 
any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any 
misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information, advice, 
materials, documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as 
approved 
by, the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material 
adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs 
and expenses, including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or 
become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating 
to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, except to the extent that such claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence, fraud, 
willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited 
Partners where 
EFTA01395509
--- PAGE 217 ---
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the 
General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The 
Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second 
anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 66% in interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of 
the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount 
equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar 
quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or 
investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in 
interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment 
would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the 
Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time 
following any 
material amendments 
Default 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make 
Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, 
including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the 
defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%, and (ii) 8%. 
Term 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject 
to the term being 
EFTA01395510
--- PAGE 218 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395511
--- PAGE 219 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year 
each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager, with the consent of the Fund Advisory 
Committee, for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and 
should not, 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor 
its own share of 
income, gain, losses, deductions and 
The Manager intends that the Fund be 
federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund 
federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S tax 
computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable 
deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether 
by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to 
incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute 
such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. 
As a result, 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. Prospective 
investors, in particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt investors, 
are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax 
consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment in the Fund. 
ERISA Considerations Investment in the Fund is generally open to 
institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs 
and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan 
investors" (within the meaning 
will be liable for tax on 
tax credits of the Fund. 
treated as a partnership for U.S. 
generally will not be subject to U.S. 
will be required to include in 
share of the items of income, gain, loss, 
and to what extent distributions are made 
EFTA01395512
--- PAGE 220 ---
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to 
less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult its own 
advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts 
of interest. 
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks 
and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the 
General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners 
as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & 
Young 
LLP. 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the 
Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to 
any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395513
--- PAGE 221 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited, an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will 
be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior 
to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's 
depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395514
--- PAGE 222 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395515
--- PAGE 223 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395516
--- PAGE 224 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should 
be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and 
the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their 
investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their 
own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Part A — Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity 
to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of 
the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of 
such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to 
the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be 
possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, 
legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically 
provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds, and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due 
diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, 
because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private 
equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries 
may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common 
investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the 
portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may, among other 
things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that 
underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund 
EFTA01395517
--- PAGE 225 ---
in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may fail to 
meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other 
Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven 
investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such 
management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each 
underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-
to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395518
--- PAGE 226 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio 
companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse 
financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or 
deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct 
or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a 
substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have 
experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new 
developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase 
and sale price of assets, and accordingly, 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or 
dispose of investments, the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such 
investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities 
of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely 
to be particularly risky, they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, 
payments to the underlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the 
Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a 
preferential payment. 
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early 
stage venture capital investments, which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of 
investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven 
technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. These companies often face intense 
competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical 
resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified personnel. To the extent there is a public 
market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The 
indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative 
EFTA01395519
--- PAGE 227 ---
and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments There can be no 
assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (if any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying 
funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore 
impact the valuation analysis of the Fund. 
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, 
will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly 
illiquid compared to other asset classes, and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the 
investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although 
there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for 
secondaries. Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The 
Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in 
portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such 
interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395520
--- PAGE 228 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be 
able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-
related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and 
real estate-related assets are subject to various 
risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic 
conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes 
in the availability or terms of financing, changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating 
expenses, environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, 
energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to 
acquire properties, risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of 
certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes 
or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose 
management and/or administrative costs, 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to 
the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to 
invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those 
underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in 
secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondaries 
transaction, such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest More specifically, 
where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund 
recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are 
attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund 
While the Fund may, in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, 
there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
EFTA01395521
--- PAGE 229 ---
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly 
independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying 
funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whole they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and 
expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on 
the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive 
incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying 
funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect 
offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will 
invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse 
against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management 
or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by 
reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395522
--- PAGE 230 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will 
generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into 
side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full 
prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Fund's term or otherwise. Although 
the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may 
have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B — Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty 
of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-
term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid, and there can be no assurance 
that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such 
investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund 
will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities 
Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that 
complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest 
generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject 
of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. 
only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a 
poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The 
performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by 
the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who 
have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is 
no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the 
to the greatest risk 
Since the Fund may 
high degree of risk, 
EFTA01395523
--- PAGE 231 ---
transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of 
the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms 
and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently, Investors 
should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of 
the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to 
Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of 
the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal 
rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the 
performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of 
dispositions, including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant 
uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the 
actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be 
valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395524
--- PAGE 232 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the 
control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns 
will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially 
affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may, directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are 
believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There 
can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the 
Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, 
borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection 
with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with 
borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the 
case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio 
held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to 
perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any 
such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and 
principal payments on the Fund's borrowings, 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of 
cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has 
deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or 
secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from 
drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn 
capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on 
subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched" together into larger, less 
EFTA01395525
--- PAGE 233 ---
frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money 
from such credit facilities. Any such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short-term in nature. 
The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net 
multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the 
preferred return, which will begin accruing when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or 
interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of 
accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carried interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return 
that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to 
borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. As a general matter, use of borrowings in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the 
Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of 
the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance 
data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current 
position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395526
--- PAGE 234 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as 
representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has 
not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AIMR) standards. No 
assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. 
Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns 
which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund 
depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the 
Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment 
opportunities against other investors, including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or 
the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial 
and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund, (ii) may make competing offers for investment 
opportunities that are identified by the Fund, 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by 
the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities 
available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be 
unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to 
acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that 
they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance 
that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to 
invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return 
objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not 
be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment 
objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of 
the Fund, including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and 
obligations of the Fund, Investors must rely 
EFTA01395527
--- PAGE 235 ---
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements, 
the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise, conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and 
expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance 
that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) 
throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the 
Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to 
discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Funds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful 
operation, and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive 
experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. 
Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's 
investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in "History" in Section 1: Executive Summary of this 
Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395528
--- PAGE 236 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at 
Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the 
SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser 
were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution, and, in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or 
otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. 
Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid 
investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political 
and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability 
of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will 
be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a 
lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly illiquid 
investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make 
distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in 
the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there 
is not a readily available public market, 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions 
or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and failure to 
do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation 
forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be 
unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when 
due. As a result, the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely 
affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been 
EFTA01395529
--- PAGE 237 ---
invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be 
reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments 
including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations 
under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund 
to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an 
Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investor's 
undrawn commitment to the Fund), during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment 
Period. 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection 
of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and 
other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment 
and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. 
No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or 
that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395530
--- PAGE 238 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. 
The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of 
private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables, and limited sources of useful 
valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore 
may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations 
will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be 
realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the 
amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation 
uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not, register as an investment company 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), and, accordingly, the 
provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority 
of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the 
securities of any other person and marked to clearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and 
regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional or 
unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local 
source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its 
subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable 
presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests, there is a risk that the 
relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any 
of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or 
EFTA01395531
--- PAGE 239 ---
such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD") 
together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as 
base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS 
with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating 
a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the BEPS project it is anticipated that new rules 
dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed 
will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a 
material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting 
and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the 
BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS, the European Council has 
adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect 
from no later than either January 1, 2019, 
January 1, 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member 
State. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395532
--- PAGE 240 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that 
result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some 
cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of 
investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the 
Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the 
Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in 
jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in 
which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund, its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation 
treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or 
any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to 
efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face 
unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any 
investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with 
reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to 
permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities 
resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund 
depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its 
investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. The ability of the Manager and its 
affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive 
incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is 
recognized by an investment partnership and 
EFTA01395533
--- PAGE 241 ---
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., 
carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any 
professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were 
enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. 
This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals, 
which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30, 
2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be 
committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its 
investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits 
criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and 
catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395534
--- PAGE 242 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or 
partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion 
facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent 
associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (ii) consider the offence in respect of the 
Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the 
Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-
investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the 
Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint 
ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager 
will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, 
structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may 
be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's 
objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where 
the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project, the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-
venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the 
Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, 
co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's 
investments. Any such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to 
Investors. In addition, the Fund may coinvest 
with other parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. 
Under such circumstances, there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such 
co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. 
In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
EFTA01395535
--- PAGE 243 ---
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate 
in existing investments of the Fund, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. Although such Investors will 
contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will 
reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify, and hold harmless, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on 
behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers, directors, employees, managers, agents of any of the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly 
or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory 
Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that 
such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, 
agents and other representatives); and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who 
serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and 
against any liabilities, actions, proceedings, 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by 
reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund, unless such liabilities, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, demands 
and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire 
investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be 
required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain 
limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395536
--- PAGE 244 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term 
instruments pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term 
investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying 
private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio 
companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the 
Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. Any 
decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative 
impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio 
company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company 
or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the 
portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the 
contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. The Fund may also be required to indemnify the 
purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure 
documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which 
might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect 
that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that 
they have received distributions from the Fund, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to 
return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which 
they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund, including any investments made by the Fund, are 
available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties 
seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular 
assets, such as the asset representing the 
EFTA01395537
--- PAGE 245 ---
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund 
disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, 
suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting 
Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required 
to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the 
information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to 
detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the 
Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. In addition, the 
Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; 
however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments, and the Fund may 
incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395538
--- PAGE 246 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in 
countries that are considered "emerging markets". 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in 
emerging markets countries. For example, 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory 
restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private 
investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, 
and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and 
regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change 
or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in 
countries outside the United States, the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. 
In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ 
significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The 
evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the 
Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect 
investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax 
resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently 
realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be 
undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the 
underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such 
organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees, the repatriation of 
capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their 
fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special 
General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the 
their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager 
counsel to the Manager and the 
Fund invests in connection with 
and the General Partner have 
EFTA01395539
--- PAGE 247 ---
acknowledged and agreed that, in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, as counsel to an underlying private 
equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a 
conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain 
additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors 
as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner. 
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as 
a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges 
under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the 
jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially 
more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such 
an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdown notice, which may have adverse 
consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395540
--- PAGE 248 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements 
with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a "Side Letter"). Any such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner 
to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in 
the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. Any such terms, including with respect to (i) 
reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates, (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, 
(iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be 
more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a 
Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to 
increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing 
economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of 
entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that, in recent years, the stability of certain 
financial markets has significantly deteriorated, certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit 
has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain 
circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's 
investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of 
economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price 
of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to 
provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity 
and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be 
highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
EFTA01395541
--- PAGE 249 ---
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly 
than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants 
in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation: Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's 
investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any 
instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could 
increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could 
also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., 
infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to 
other assets, such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sell certain 
investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash 
available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. 
Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. 
However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover 
increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services 
provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues 
generated by, and so the value of, such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating 
costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395542
--- PAGE 250 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return 
to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and 
credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the 
number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic 
constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid, preventing the 
Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may 
also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt 
obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an 
investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in 
U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and, as a result, 
the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will 
incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar 
revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to 
reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance, however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to 
enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may 
involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference 
currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars, their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the 
value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of 
converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a 
view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years, disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant 
decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a 
tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to 
obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund 
EFTA01395543
--- PAGE 251 ---
on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically 
require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price, these conditions may adversely affect the availability 
of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability 
to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the 
debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd -
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, 
such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory 
capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing, scope and cumulative effect of these 
regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to 
borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the 
Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, 
and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds, including changes to existing laws and regulations 
and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market 
commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments 
held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to 
alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative 
investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/-
or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms 
become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced 
scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures 
may be implemented. Therefore, there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395544
--- PAGE 252 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives 
will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its 
objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the 
Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets 
in which they operate and invest or the 
counterparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation 
or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, 
the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with 
future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave 
the European Union ("Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is 
entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable 
of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit, other European countries may seek to 
conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and 
others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European 
Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset 
management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund 
and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact 
opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or 
assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, 
including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private 
fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship 
with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an 
adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. 
EFTA01395545
--- PAGE 253 ---
Brexit may result in significant market dislocation, 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market 
risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in part to redenomination of financial assets and 
liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which 
may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and 
its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group 
dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK, meaning that instead 
the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of 
VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be 
related to changes in market conditions, the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law 
enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions, particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, 
the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to 
disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager 
may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its 
arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain 
information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors 
to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti-money laundering 
steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395546
--- PAGE 254 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor 
must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered. 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may 
provide to each Investor statements, reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's 
Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website ("Electronic Communications"). Electronic 
Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible 
with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of 
inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent 
receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service 
providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications 
systems to conduct business functions. 
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that 
could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General 
Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and 
protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, 
unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these 
systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within 
these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service 
providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the 
Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's 
systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss 
or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated 
with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their 
respective service providers to incur 
EFTA01395547
--- PAGE 255 ---
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or 
financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted so-called 
"pay-to-play" laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain 
contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments 
by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things, prohibit an investment adviser from 
providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such 
investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If 
the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their 
respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an 
adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in 
connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative 
returns, estimates, objectives, beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for 
illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a 
prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible 
to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. 
Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking 
information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and 
legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395548
--- PAGE 256 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information. 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR 
CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR 
PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395549
--- PAGE 257 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395550
--- PAGE 258 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager 
and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. 
The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an 
investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be 
deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived 
any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such 
conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect 
to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and 
certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been 
advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is, or may reasonably be, 
prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case, where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable 
transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential 
conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of 
the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the 
Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
Any broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment 
opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co-
investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest 
EFTA01395551
--- PAGE 259 ---
personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions 
may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the 
U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create 
an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make 
in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts 
of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the 
determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395552
--- PAGE 260 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund 
may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be 
the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the 
short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. 
A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the 
Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, 
with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund 
and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure 
of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in 
which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any 
duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395553
--- PAGE 261 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395554
--- PAGE 262 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395555
--- PAGE 263 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFMD73 
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held 
by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance 
with the UK AIFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 
820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation 
techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the 
investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a 
valuation committee (the "Valuation 
Committee") to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant 
investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual 
Investment. Deirdre Davies, the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also 
responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or 
portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Manager's portfolio management activities, and the 
Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may 
arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has 
sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
policy and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance 
obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Manager's valuation policy will be periodically 
assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies 
established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, 
amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-à-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a "closed-ended AIF" (as defined in the AIFMD) and the 
EFTA01395556
--- PAGE 264 ---
Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage. 
Manager's professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance 
policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the 
Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the 
Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
The Manager may provide further information as required under article 23 
of the AIFMD in a supplement to this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395557
--- PAGE 265 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"private fund limited partnership". The Fund Partnership Agreement will be 
governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership 
Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of 
adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that 
the courts of England and Wales have nonexclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the 
General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will 
become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited 
partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the dayto-day 
operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is 
actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in 
which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter 
alia, be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English 
law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by 
fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will 
disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the "Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur "leverage" within the meaning of the AIFMD.74 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "gross method" (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the "Delegated 
Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "commitment method" 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, 
then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the "Periodic 
EFTA01395558
--- PAGE 266 ---
disclosure" paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to 
Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable. 
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a description of how 
the Fund may incur leverage. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395559
--- PAGE 267 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Partner. 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
Any changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
the Fund. 
In each annual report. 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no 
net asset value of the Fund, (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the 
historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged, and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund 
will engage, a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the "Depositary") has been retained 
by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, 
including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping 
of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate 
any part of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention 
as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary 
may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to 
provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is 
delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
EFTA01395560
--- PAGE 268 ---
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary 
will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager, the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the 
depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, 
wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of 
the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395561
--- PAGE 269 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered 
and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in 
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. 
only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement 
representations, including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a 
view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests 
for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or nonU.S. 
securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is 
extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the 
General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have 
triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation D but occurred before the rule's effective date, 
September 23, 2013, including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General 
Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
"In September 2008, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ("CSSU") reached an 
agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities 
Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment 
products generally known as 
"auction rate securities." Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's 
consent, a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in 
dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to 
supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to $550 
million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of $15 million. 
Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing." 
EFTA01395562
--- PAGE 270 ---
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to 
Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement 
agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
"Beginning in 2011, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Raymond James 
Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively "Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, 
the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or 
engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant 
state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that 
Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately 
characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with 
these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the 
risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to 
ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately 
described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to 
purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have 
completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders, Raymond 
James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing." 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395563
--- PAGE 271 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of 
more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, 
these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to 
acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, 
arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances, the Fund may be required to aggregate 
its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on 
behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, 
together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect 
to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class 
of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of 
directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for 
short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the 
short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. 
and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the 
Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment 
Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not 
limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose 
outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by "qualified purchasers," as defined under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require 
that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and 
undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the 
U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in 
EFTA01395564
--- PAGE 272 ---
offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an "Eligible Non-U.S. Investor") 
or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an "Eligible U.S. Investor") (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. 
Investors, together, "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject 
to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that 
would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab initio 
and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder 
of an Interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such 
Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to 
avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act; however, under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), 
only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the 
Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). 
Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill 
or training nor does it imply any endorsement, 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395565
--- PAGE 273 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with 
the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity 
pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose 
interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public 
in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest 
positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail 
forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined 
at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's 
portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, 
that, in the case of an option that is in-themoney 
at the time of purchase, the in-the-money amount as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such 
positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation 
value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it 
has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a 
disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon 
the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently, the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this 
offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans 
that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of 
Labor ("DOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their 
legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider 
their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently 
and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should 
consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
EFTA01395566
--- PAGE 274 ---
standards under ERISA, (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the 
prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in light of 
limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the 
appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the 
investment will give rise to a "prohibited 
transaction" within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the 
Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA 
acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a "publicly 
offered security" nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment 
of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided 
underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (i) ownership of each class of 
entity by "Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 
such class of equity interest then outstanding, 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest 
in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "25% Test"), or (ii) 
the entity is an "operating company," including 
a "venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a "plan, account or arrangement" within 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Company Act, the assets 
interest in each of the 
equity interest in the 
25% of the total value of 
EFTA01395567
--- PAGE 275 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan 
assets" by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of 
which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not 
satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of 
the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity 
interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets 
(or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in 
compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
ERISA. In this connection, the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the 
withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required 
to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions 
of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried 
interest set forth in Section 6: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
"eligible indirect compensation" for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA 
should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in 
the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion 
does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on 
laws, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), regulations and other authorities in effect 
as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The U.S. 
EFTA01395568
--- PAGE 276 ---
federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among other things, significant 
issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the 
case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities, life 
insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors), with reference to any special issues that investment in 
the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor 
in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S 
federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its 
distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit It is possible 
that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such 
Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to 
file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax 
return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new 
partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the 
event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit 
procedures, the "Partnership Audit Rules"). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395569
--- PAGE 277 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, an audit resulting in 
an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of 
any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment, may 
be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be 
required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such 
Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the 
adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the 
adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to 
each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such 
person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or, in 
the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other flow-through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required 
to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a PushOut 
Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting 
underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise 
be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit 
procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will 
not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in nonU.S. 
corporations treated as "passive foreign investment companies" ("PFICs"). A 
U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an 
interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest 
charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor 
(or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a "qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with 
EFTA01395570
--- PAGE 278 ---
respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's 
current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and 
ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by 
a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the 
receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect 
to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report 
with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations" ("CFCs"). A U.S. 
Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. 
Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a 
CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through 
Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income 
to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund 
Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and 
source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Restrictions on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is 
anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as 
miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is 
an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be 
permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 
2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. 
In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business ("Operating Partnerships"), the "passive activity loss" rules, 
the "at-risk" rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such 
investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395571
--- PAGE 279 ---
EFTA01395572
--- PAGE 280 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational 
expenses rateably over 15 years, or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering 
expenses, including placement fees. A noncorporate 
taxpayer is not permitted to deduct "investment interest" expense in excess 
of "net investment income." This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-
corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investor's investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such 
investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for "business interest" may be subject to 
further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed 
under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors 
may be able to deduct a portion of any 
"qualified business income" arising from certain trades or businesses held 
by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, 
the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make 
investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to 
provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. 
Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans, are subject to the tax on unrelated 
business taxable income ("UBTI"). UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried 
on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness, and certain insurance income received from or 
attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for 
purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, 
including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) 
borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a 
result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General 
Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor 
in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential 
EFTA01395573
--- PAGE 281 ---
tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker" structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations applicable to a nonresident 
alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment 
in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to 
non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, 
former U.S. citizens or residents, and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a "tax home" in the U.S. Non-U.S. 
Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion 
assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., has and will 
have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not 
been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends, etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest 
(subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in 
a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) "engaged in 
trade or business within the United States" is itself considered to be 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a 
non-U.S. corporation, the "branch profits" tax), 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its 
income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business ("ECI"). A non-U.S. 
person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its ECI may subsequently be precluded from 
claiming deductions related to the ECI and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain 
Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395574
--- PAGE 282 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
ECI. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S., the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, 
and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business 
determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation 
U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying 
Investor's share of the net income of 
Operating Partnership); and 
• 
(whether or 
gain, loss, deduction 
not distributed) as 
rules) generally applicable to 
U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. 
the 
non-
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the 
disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the 
disposition of and interest in the Fund, in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-U.S. Investor's share of 
any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting 
from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such 
fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S. 
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a 
rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion 
of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as ECI, the proceeds 
of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It 
is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that 
Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a 
refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits 
tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the "dividend equivalent amount" of a non-U.S. corporation, which is 
approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's earnings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated 
as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI 
for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced 
rates of, the branch profits tax for "qualified 
EFTA01395575
--- PAGE 283 ---
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the 
non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the 
Fund may offer a "blocker" structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. 
If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 
"United States real property holding corporation" 
("USRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of 
such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch 
profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. 
Investors may be required to file Form 8865, 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, 
reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to 
the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses, deductions and credits to the Investor 
and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required 
to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers 
of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to 
disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. 
Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to "reportable transactions" are 
applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments), Investors that are 
required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain 
Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain 
documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest 
is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an 
Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain 
types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395576
--- PAGE 284 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction 
undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to 
comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional 
reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt 
Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax 
consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return 
filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in 
Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return 
reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. 
Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state 
and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating 
to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this 
Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each 
Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the 
tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited 
partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be 
operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These 
characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such 
that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading 
rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the 
EFTA01395577
--- PAGE 285 ---
following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate 
taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead, the income and capital gains or losses of the 
Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally 
regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which 
reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated 
as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look 
through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own 
share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains 
in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of 
the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the 
assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part 
of a trade (e.g., financial traders, such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK 
through a UK representative, which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances, 
the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income 
tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership 
tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported 
in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395578
--- PAGE 286 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly, HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to 
disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer 
reference ("UTR") number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should, therefore, be aware that an investment in the 
Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue & Customs or (b) provide the General Partner 
with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may 
be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns. 
Taxation of UK resident investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax 
purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance 
with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on 
the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax 
purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on 
some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the 
detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on 
dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a 
£5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received 
directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Fund's investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject 
to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5,000 to £2,000 
from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% 
for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e.g., debenture interest) received 
directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax 
liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any 
such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an 
appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of 
EFTA01395579
--- PAGE 287 ---
UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its 
interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be 
treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising 
on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal 
proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against 
any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets, may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire 
such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this 
effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive 
distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an 
Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors, 
there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the 
assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the 
market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the 
asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be 
applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different 
considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395580
--- PAGE 288 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"Offshore Fund Rules") may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 
"offshore fund." The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that 
the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an 
Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as 
income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as 
a "reporting fund" or "non-reporting fund" 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily 
resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made 
an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies 
should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be "controlled foreign companies" for UK tax 
purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies 
and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee 
company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an 
apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be 
treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets, including 
those which are subject to the "loan relationship" 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009, generally on a basis 
reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, 
gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. An Investor's actual share 
in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the 
Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax 
on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax 
on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from 
such income at source. Interest income 
EFTA01395581
--- PAGE 289 ---
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. 
Certain Investors may, however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK 
resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with 
which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK 
resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
return to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, 
certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an 
Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK 
and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not 
normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may, however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an 
individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of 
absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who 
holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade, whether carried on within or outside the UK, to whom 
different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited 
partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. 
This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in 
relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust 
or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the 
trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395582
--- PAGE 290 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
FATCA and other international disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance ("FATCA"), a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed 
in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018, of property that can produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31, 2018 (or, if later, the date on which 
the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments" are published) by certain foreign financial 
institutions (such as banks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to 
withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as 
"attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 
intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IGA") 
relating to FATCA, and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations 
to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, 
the "UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the 
Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information 
about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. 
Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA 
withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not 
distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status 
to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not 
subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental 
agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any "substantial" U.S. 
owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such 
entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor 
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor"). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to 
provide such information and documentation and 
EFTA01395583
--- PAGE 291 ---
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related 
entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other 
non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these 
requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner 
for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with 
the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an 
Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an 
Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA. 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application 
of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In 
addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the 
United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on 
the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such 
reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each 
Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an 
Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with 
any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and 
Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or 
investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395584
--- PAGE 292 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce 
or eliminate certain of these taxes. Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with 
respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations. 
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be 
withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be 
treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent 
that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor 
shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a 
distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of 
an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle. The tax consequences in the case of an 
alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax 
adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395585
--- PAGE 293 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395586
--- PAGE 294 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395587
--- PAGE 295 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the 
purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy 
itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition, 
holding and disposition of an Interest, including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other 
formality prescribed in such jurisdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and 
no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for 
that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal 
requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some 
legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional 
confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with 
the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor 
or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor 
may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing 
of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents, where such disclosure would violate the securities 
laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM 
is the Manager, itself an EU AIFM. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, 
this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Interests, shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member 
state of the European Economic Area that 
are "professional investors". For these purposes, a "professional investor" 
is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may, on request, be treated as a professional 
client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
EFTA01395588
--- PAGE 296 ---
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place 
(in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying 
as "professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA"). Accordingly, prospective investors should 
acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing 
to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the "FIN-
FSA") in accordance with the AFMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities" as defined in the SMA, based 
on the exemptions set forth in the SMA, the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements 
of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an 
investment firm (Fi: sijoituspalveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki, 747/2012, as 
amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private 
information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. 
This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed 
publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as 
defined above in the EEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors" but not to "private 
investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395589
--- PAGE 297 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Act (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch)). 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or 
indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that 
are professional investors (professionele 
beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing 
regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is 
subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by 
Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made 
available, nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than 
under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act 
(1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund 
in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds 
(Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered 
hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act 
(2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013, as amended 
(the "AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the 
purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the 
United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD 
Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by 
the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 
of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no 
EFTA01395590
--- PAGE 298 ---
disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Corporations Act"). Any offer of the Interests does not 
purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act 
and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a "wholesale client", a "sophisticated investor" or a 
"professional investor" (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as 
a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be, and is not required to be, lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made, and any financial services in connection with the 
interests will be provided, in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement 
to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The 
Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the 
Central Bank of Bahrain. This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for 
the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the 
performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395591
--- PAGE 299 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the 
applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities 
Commission (Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained 
herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be 
passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and, as such, it is not 
and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an invitation or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for 
any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This 
Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular, notice or other materials issued in connection therewith, shall 
not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used 
by, the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales, and 
allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have 
not been delivered to, registered with, 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam, the 
authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order, 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other 
law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The 
recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law, 
tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province 
or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited 
Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to 
Limited Partners purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as 
defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and are permitted clients, as defined in 
EFTA01395592
--- PAGE 300 ---
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of 
Offshore Securities (el Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance 
Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other 
offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile, other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a 
private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act (la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (an offer that is not 
"addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests, whether 
by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, 
distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC, and the Interests may not be offered, distributed 
or resold to the public in the PRC, or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC, without compliance with PRC 
law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not 
include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public 
offer in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395593
--- PAGE 301 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be 
registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (el Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) 
maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed 
on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and 
regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, 
the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia, except under circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is 
provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The 
Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is 
carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion 
of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not 
financial products, (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (iii) 
do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in 
particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated 
in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance 
with any such laws and regulations. In addition, 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any 
responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or 
permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, 
sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund, 
which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the "DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the 
offering or the Interests have been approved, 
EFTA01395594
--- PAGE 302 ---
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or 
verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, document or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, 
neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify 
the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult 
an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are 
"Professional Clients" for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a minimum subscription of 
at least US$50,000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and 
must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a "Retail Client" for the 
purposes of, and as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395595
--- PAGE 303 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been 
delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 1987, and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of public offer in the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being 
made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and 
Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means 
of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an 
offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or 
distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not 
be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than 
to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Israeli 
Securities Law"). 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own 
examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not 
been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the 
avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
EFTA01395596
--- PAGE 304 ---
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under 
the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the "Israeli 
Investment Advising Law"). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited 
Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws 
of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli 
Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests, a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund 
that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and 
sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale 
to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to 
the legal, tax, financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in 
the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or 
resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be 
aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395597
--- PAGE 305 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the 
application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 
2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation 
since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2, paragraph 3, item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified 
institutional investor (a "QII") as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3, item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order 
regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons 
other than (i) QIIs or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law ("Qualified Non-QIIs"). 
The number of Qualified Non-QIIs in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests 
shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the 
FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers 
article 234-2, paragraph 2, item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the 
General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QII may be made to persons other 
than QIIs. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-QII in Japan may be made except for the transfer 
by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially 
Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors, etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-
called, the "QII-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-
targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its 
recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by 
accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient 
elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. 
Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. 
An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other 
market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should 
EFTA01395598
--- PAGE 306 ---
read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights 
relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan, this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) 
No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, 
Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The 
Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other 
relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or 
public offering is, therefore, restricted 
in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of 
the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used 
to offer or market the Interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor 
(inversionista institucional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista calificado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities 
Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
"Securities Market Law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry 
of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any 
means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market 
Law and its regulations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the 
solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, 
offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395599
--- PAGE 307 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico, and any 
resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to 
Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all 
claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destinataire du present document reconnait avoir une parfaite maitrise de 
l'anglais et renonce a tout recours fonde 
sur une mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or 
subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any 
statutory modification or re-enactment of, or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) ("FMC Act"). Accordingly: 
(i) 
(ii) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in 
New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 
of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an "investment business"; 
(b) meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of 
Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(c) 
is "large"; or 
(d) 
is a government agency, 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the 
Interests, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this 
Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests, in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your 
information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. 
EFTA01395600
--- PAGE 308 ---
This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as 
amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the "Executive Regulations"). 
The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a 
licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of 
Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in 
or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to 
the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to 
constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The 
recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or 
approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or 
any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman, nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, 
the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the 
Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient 
of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive 
Regulations) and has such experience in business 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395601
--- PAGE 309 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto 
Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
Inversion y sus Sociedades Administradoras or under Decreto Legislativo 861: 
Ley del Mercado de Valores (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors 
only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the 
Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro Public) 
del Mercado de Valores) maintained by, and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the 
Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in 
the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically 
intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be 
treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the 
Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment fund or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an investment 
company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or 
approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or 
difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Any distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such 
recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except 
to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority 
(the "CMA"). 
EFTA01395602
--- PAGE 310 ---
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents 
of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor 
may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the 
recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395603
--- PAGE 311 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting 
investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of 
this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea, including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial 
Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC") in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea, and the Interests may not be offered, 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts 
and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory 
Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered 
with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant 
or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. 
There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified 
investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006, as amended ("CISA") and Article 6 of 
the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ("CISO") (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not 
been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents, Fund Documents and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests 
offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of 
Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
EFTA01395604
--- PAGE 312 ---
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute 
related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of 
the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
"Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through 
the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the 
appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and 
other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will 
be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is 
authorized to pass on distribution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of 
the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined 
under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA, banks, 
insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers 
exclusively through a written commissionbased 
investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers 
or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the 
recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, 
of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual 
amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395605
--- PAGE 313 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund to the investor requiring information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners 
(including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs 
incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid 
from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the 
basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and 
demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by 
way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been 
approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed 
or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a 
foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates 
(the "UAE"), the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA") or any other authority in the UAE 
(collectively, the "UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory 
Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market, offer or sell the 
Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of 
this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps 
to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not 
been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations 
as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA. 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of 
securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. 
The Interests may not be offered or sold 
EFTA01395606
--- PAGE 314 ---
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be 
consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
(i) 
(ii) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE; or 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund 
and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion 
by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed 
as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker, dealer or advisor under applicable laws of 
the UAE, and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or 
selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE 
investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. This Memorandum is for the information of prospective 
investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering, the Interests, the Fund and 
this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own 
examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395607
--- PAGE 315 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration 
contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to 
the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D 
thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws 
of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only 
and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state 
securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered 
as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395608
--- PAGE 316 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural 
body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below — (B) Notice to Investors that are 
— to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's 
investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners, officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital, LLP assuming responsibility 
as the "data controller" on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that 
from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is 
provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital, LLP (the "Data Controller") will be the "data controller" 
for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service 
providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy 
Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controller may include 
name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), 
tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your 
personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited 
to, (i) in connection with applicable "know your 
client," anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable 
laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate 
with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become 
necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your 
investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's 
administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services, LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any 
bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc 
will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's 
auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
person (e.g., a 
Natural Persons 
is a non-natural person 
EFTA01395609
--- PAGE 317 ---
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset 
thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share your contact details with 
other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the 
United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic 
Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA 
that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of 
America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the 
purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable 
to state at the outset how long that period 
will be; it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and 
may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to 
comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration 
and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in 
the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data; 
• obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the 
purposes for which your personal data 
is being used; (ii) the categories of your personal data being used; (iii) 
to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395610
--- PAGE 318 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will 
be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its 
use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the "ICO") or other 
supervisory authority; and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without 
undue delay; 
• have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain 
circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was 
collected; (ii) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations 
including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully 
but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for 
which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the 
contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has 
transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless 
it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
* 
* 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your 
information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital, LLP 
at 16 Berkeley Street, London, W13 8DZ, 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal 
data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory 
authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: www.ICO.org.uk. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
EFTA01395611
--- PAGE 319 ---
EFTA01395612
--- PAGE 320 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from 
being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any 
designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person 
who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the 
Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of 
any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such 
information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification 
purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investor's subscription for an Interest, and any funds received 
will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager 
or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case 
the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business 
that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must, notwithstanding any 
obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply, report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities 
pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the 
Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if 
necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite 
documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the 
above personal or institutional information 
change, such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) 
and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the 
Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the 
benefit of, any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the "Sanction Regulations"). The 
Manager and its designee may undertake 
EFTA01395613
--- PAGE 321 ---
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations 
and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person 
holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. The Manager also may be 
required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners 
of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a 
person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations, the Manager may be 
obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
EFTA01395614
--- PAGE 322 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25% Test 
Administration 
Agreement 
Advance 
Advisers Act 
AIFMD 
Alternative Vehicle 
Benefit Plan Investor 
BEPS 
Brexit 
Carried Interest 
CFCs 
CFTC 
Closing 
Code 
Commitment 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The administrative services agreement, to be entered into at or around the 
date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
An amount equal to 99.99% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be 
drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund. 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU). 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the 
right, in connection 
with any investment, to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited 
Partners to be made. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Base erosion and profit shifting. 
As defined in Section 7: Risk Factors. 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs 
(iii) and (iv) of 
the "Distributions" paragraph of Section 6: Summary of Principal Terms and 
Conditions. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit 
additional 
Investors. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
A Limited Partner's commitment to the Fund. 
Complementary Fund A multiple third party investor fund with investment 
objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset 
categories or strategies. 
EFTA01395615
--- PAGE 323 ---
Covered Person 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, 
partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them. 
CPO 
Data Controller 
A "commodity pool operator" for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3). 
Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
EFTA01395616
--- PAGE 324 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or 
around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
Deutsche Bank 
DOL 
dollars, US$ or $ 
DPI 
ECI 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
ERISA 
EU AIF 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
FFI 
Final Admission Date 
First Closing 
FMV 
foreign passthru 
payments 
FSMA 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
U.S. dollars. 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
An "alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, 
registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will 
invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The last date on which Investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
EFTA01395617
--- PAGE 325 ---
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
Fair Market Value. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
EFTA01395618
--- PAGE 326 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The advisory committee, comprising representatives of certain Limited 
Partners, established 
by the Fund to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential 
conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters. 
Fund Documents 
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Sponsor 
General Partner 
General Partner's 
Share 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect 
of the Fund. 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund. 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private 
equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund, feeder fund or other similar structure). 
A general partner, manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
The profit share distributed to the General Partner by the Fund. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership. 
Glendower SOF Team As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
GP 
GP-led Secondary 
Gross IRR 
Interest 
Invested Capital 
The general partner, manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying 
investment fund. 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the 
secondary market. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return. 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund. 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited 
Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, 
at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment 
(or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments. 
Investment Committee An investment committee to be established by the 
EFTA01395619
--- PAGE 327 ---
Manager that, inter alia, will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund. 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the 
Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
EFTA01395620
--- PAGE 328 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the 
earliest to occur of 
(i) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date. 
Investment Platforms 
Investment 
Restriction Base 
Investor 
IRS 
Key Persons 
LIBOR 
Limited Partner 
LP 
Manager 
Managing Partners 
Memorandum 
NAV 
Net IRR 
OECD 
Offshore Fund Rules 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) 
sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates. 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 
US$1.75 billion 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination 
and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the aggregate 
Commitments. 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their 
replacements). 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
A limited partner of the Fund. 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Glendower. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith. 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented 
EFTA01395621
--- PAGE 329 ---
from time to 
time. 
As defined in Appendix 5: Important Performance Information. 
Net Internal Rate of Return. 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to 
accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
EFTA01395622
--- PAGE 330 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
QEF 
RVPI 
Sanction Regulations 
SEC 
Second GP 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Collectively UK sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions 
administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for the description of the 
limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners 
which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing 
the General Partner's 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
SOF 
SOF A 
SOF B 
SOF C 
SOF D 
SOF II 
SOF III 
SOF IV or the Fund 
SOF Business 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
Program 
SOF Team 
Special Limited 
Partner 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more 
private equity fund 
sponsors. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A, SOF B and SOF C). 
EFTA01395623
--- PAGE 331 ---
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment 
program. 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III, collectively. 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
EFTA01395624
--- PAGE 332 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Partner 
Team Investment 
Total Value 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
U.S. 
U.S. Adviser 
U.S. IGA 
UBTI 
UK 
UK AIFM Regulation 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First 
Closing. 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or 
employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the 
U S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The United Kingdom. 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
Valuation Committee 
withholdable 
payments 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
EFTA01395625
--- PAGE 333 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions 
to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI, etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts 
net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds' 
carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses. 
Gross multiple: Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ("Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at 
the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is 
based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later 
date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the 
remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or 
negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value ("NAV"): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' 
investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information 
it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying funds. 
Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially 
from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term 
value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized 
appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ("Net IRR"): calculated as a net return and is 
based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the 
value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value 
(positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-in Capital ("RVPI"): Represents the value of the SOF 
Funds investors' interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net 
EFTA01395626
--- PAGE 334 ---
of the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the 
stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI = DPI + RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs 
in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on 
the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners, even in instances where a fund 
or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the 
fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' 
capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross 
IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant 
investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account 
to investors. Therefore, if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly 
from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings, which would shorten the time between such contribution and 
distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis: Any benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of 
the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or 
indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ 
different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
EFTA01395627
--- PAGE 335 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds; (ii) the performance information respect of 
each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or 
accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the 
SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not 
necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche 
Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF 
Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The 
Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations, rules and guidelines, including, 
but not limited to, the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204-2 
thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide 
recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF 
Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment 
performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the 
investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations 
professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted, the performance information contained in this Memorandum 
is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans 
as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not 
representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the 
financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the 
underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they 
have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of 
public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
EFTA01395628
--- PAGE 336 ---
Except where designated as "net," the projected returns and financial 
information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. 
Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive 
distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant 
reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this 
Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such 
factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including 
(without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the 
actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other 
events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained 
herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only 
as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date 
indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may 
ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur 
or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain "forward 
looking statements." These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the plans, projections, 
objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not 
historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant 
uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. 
Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, 
global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
EFTA01395629
--- PAGE 337 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
EFTA01395630
--- PAGE 338 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Special 
Counsel to the 
General 
Partner and 
the Manager 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Gresham Street 
London, EC2V 7NQ 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu, KPMG or 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
(UK) Limited 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
Global 
Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Management Limited 
Regional Placement 
Agents 
Raymond James & 
Associates, Inc. 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
EFTA01395631
--- PAGE 339 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the 
board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman 
Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Alan is also a director of 
Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ("Circumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts 
as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds, private equity funds, 
general partners of limited partnerships, 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and 
various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over 
twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, 
securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. 
He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Florida State University and received his Certified Public Accountant 
certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past 
president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of 
the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of 
the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
Kirsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett 
University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she 
joined Circumference in 2007, where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of 
companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited 
partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in 
the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland, the 
UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private 
equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad 
knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and 
has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S., European and Asian firms. Prior to 
becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client 
EFTA01395632
--- PAGE 340 ---
Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the 
strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. 
Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated 
with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.), 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
EFTA01395633
--- PAGE 341 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: josh.glaser@glendowercapital.com 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: michael.j.murphy@credit-suisse.com 
Europe, MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: carlo.pirzio-biroli@glendowercapital.com 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
EFTA01395634
--- PAGE 342 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
EFTA01395635

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395636.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395636.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access 
Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC 
("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider 
the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund") and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and 
each an "Access Fund") 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for 
potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests") The Solicitation Agent is not 
affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in 
the Access Fund a one-time 
"Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of 
the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to 
the Access Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all 
or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement 
Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment are as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
Placement Fee Rate 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from 
the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the 
relevant DB Introduced 
EFTA01395636
--- PAGE 2 ---
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by 
a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the 
Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a "Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription 
such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(ii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund, the 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Introduced Person to the Access 
of 
EFTA01395637
--- PAGE 3 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the 
product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon 
Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a 
b. 
c. 
(iii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing 
Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of 
any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as 
applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the 
Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, 
LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the 
Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fee equal to 0.75% of the 
portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the 
subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be 
charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation 
Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that are referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay 
increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access 
Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
EFTA01395638
--- PAGE 4 ---
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the 
Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than 
to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a 
result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of 
interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners 
and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or 
its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through 
arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage 
or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including 
their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the 
information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or type) 
EFTA01395639
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Date 
EFTA01395640
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395641
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you are interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an 
"Interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete 
all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. In addition, 
please submit the relevant 
Customer Identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the 
Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and 
subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• Subscription Agreement. Each Investor is required to complete all sections 
of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
§ Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following 
sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
§ Investors that are entities are required to complete the following 
sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit E. 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a 
capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The 
General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital 
contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the 
following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded 
via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account. 
§ Natural Persons: 
• A complete IRS Form W-9. 
§ Entities: 
• A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395642
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
c/o Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 
2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto 
delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any 
amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the 
Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership 
interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement"), by and among 
Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole 
general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, 
and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are 
incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this 
Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terms used, but 
not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). 
By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the 
undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall be, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership 
(a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth 
herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying 
Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read 
and understands the terms, 
EFTA01395643
--- PAGE 9 ---
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that are applicable 
to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The 
Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the 
Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) 
to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the 
amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the 
extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), 
payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum 
subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to 
become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses 
of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395644
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the 
Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the 
General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited 
Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., 
commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership, is 
greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner 
may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income 
without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby 
represents, 
warrants and covenants to, and agrees with, the Partnership and the General 
Partner, as of the date hereof, 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest 
requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) Opportunity to Verify Information. The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, 
during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions 
of and receive answers from them 
EFTA01395645
--- PAGE 11 ---
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests 
described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed 
activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information 
contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to 
otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that 
all such questions, if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been 
found to be fully satisfactory. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its 
investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and 
will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under 
the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise 
disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an 
exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395646
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws 
of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any 
such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such 
jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any 
other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale 
thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell 
or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as permitted by law, 
including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, 
and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the 
Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by 
the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole 
responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of 
Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from 
registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion 
of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities 
Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the 
Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by "benefit 
plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor 
understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such 
a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor 
will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an 
indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the 
Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws 
of descent and dissolution) of the 
EFTA01395647
--- PAGE 13 ---
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, 
it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with 
a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) 
a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part 
on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a 
certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is 
defined in Rule 501(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby 
makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C, as applicable and (B) is a 
U.S. Tax Personl and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing 
representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that 
any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other 
remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of 
a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no 
further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen 
or resident of the United States, a U.S. domestic corporation or 
otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis with 
respect to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership, an Interest 
held by (i) a partnership or entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the meaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, (a "PFIC") will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equityholders, as the case may be. An interest held by any 
corporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, 
measured by value. In addition, a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying Interest. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395648
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an 
"investment company" as the 
term "investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner 
does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the 
Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the 
information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; 
and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment 
companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a 
"qualified purchaser" as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act In furtherance thereof, the 
Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The 
Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial 
owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate 
through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and 
losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other 
investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and 
losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the 
Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and 
each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each 
such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made 
by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the 
risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the 
Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached 
thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not 
exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The 
EFTA01395649
--- PAGE 15 ---
Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of 
interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: 
(i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the 
Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment 
Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the 
General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the 
Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of 
the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the 
General Partner; (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters 
or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on 
investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United 
States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the 
Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the 
Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or 
any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in 
the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchaser" and a "qualified client" 
under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act; (vii) the Investor 
will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as 
a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that 
substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395650
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise 
provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full 
amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement 
is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with 
respect thereto, pursuant to which the 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not 
limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in the Partnership), are contained in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
(j) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of 
the representations set forth 
therein and such representations are true and correct in all respects. 
No Need for Liquidity. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection 
with 
its purchase of the Interest, and is able to bear the risk of loss of its 
entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the 
Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The 
aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to, all similar 
investments that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners 
or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received the Offering Materials and first 
learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction 
identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the 
securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale 
of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor 
understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant 
country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Interest, including 
EFTA01395651
--- PAGE 17 ---
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other 
applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental 
agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon the offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will 
make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) Commodity Exchange Act. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the 
Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on 
the CFTC Rule 
4.13(a)(3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not 
required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to 
provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules 
applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, 
respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(a)(5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) from registration with the CFTC as 
a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the 
Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to 
satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) Certain Regulatory Matters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395652
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(1) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability 
company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to 
circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will 
be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
(3) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional 
documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being 
utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized 
and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event 
specified in 
Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could 
result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either 
require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or 
result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 
506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in 
writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after 
the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying 
Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its 
best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation 
as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way 
the 
Partnership's, the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing 
and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
EFTA01395653
--- PAGE 19 ---
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or 
association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor 
has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such 
execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the 
terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is 
an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and 
deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and 
thereunder. 
(p) Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby, have been duly executed 
by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and 
legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall 
include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in, or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such 
Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within 
the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3, a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if, for among other 
reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of 
such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395654
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their 
respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of 
attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments 
described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate are not material to the 
Investor or which are contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, 
as the case may be, and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The 
Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other 
persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) Knowledge and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor 
had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership, such 
knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a 
view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, 
United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such 
benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the 
Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor 
may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or 
differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a 
"safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to 
corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
(2) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
EFTA01395655
--- PAGE 21 ---
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership 
will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest 
in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, 
(ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests 
in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any 
person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement 
within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be 
acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the 
Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section 301.7701-2(c)(2)(i) (a 
"Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in 
writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395656
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(A) 
(B) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes; or 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any 
part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the 
Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of 
the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in 
the 
Partnership. 
(u) No Borrowings. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its 
contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. The Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership, Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities 
IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds 
established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, 
Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General 
Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of 
such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the 
Investor should consult its own 
EFTA01395657
--- PAGE 23 ---
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership 
and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to 
represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder 
have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for 
the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that 
it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlieb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the 
Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment 
in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person, it acknowledges receipt 
of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial 
information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and 
authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the 
Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners, as well 
as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary to effect, 
administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395658
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Partnership and its partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or 
custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of 
the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and 
warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or 
entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached 
hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or 
custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial 
interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership 
and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other 
information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity 
for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to determine the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(Y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the 
parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with their 
respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership 
Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, 
and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns 
indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor 
acknowledges 
EFTA01395659
--- PAGE 25 ---
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) 
any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media 
(including any Internet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or 
(ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, 
subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private 
negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable 
sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. 
Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. 
Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other 
applicable laws concerning money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the 
Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 
2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the 
Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial 
interest in the Interest, (v) and any 
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a 
nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, 
"Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Party or any other person or entity of 
whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395660
--- PAGE 26 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or 
is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as noncooperative 
with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
(D) 
a senior foreign political figure3 
or any immediate family4 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will 
contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed 
through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any 
activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value 
that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or former senior official 
in the executive, legislative, 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government 
EFTA01395661
--- PAGE 27 ---
(whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign 
government-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" 
is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. 
In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that 
has been formed by, or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the 
figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is 
widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or 
professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
or close 
EFTA01395662
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or 
manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have 
any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will 
contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any 
activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the 
jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the 
Investor's 
investment in the Partnership will be used to finance any such unlawful 
activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent 
that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the 
Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with 
instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner 
to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act 
of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the 
United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or 
regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of 
third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable AntiMoney 
Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their 
sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is 
a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable 
Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted 
EFTA01395663
--- PAGE 29 ---
thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying 
investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" 
means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing 
body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or 
entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this 
Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of 
execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of 
such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional 
information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary or 
convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The 
Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing 
representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative 
pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake 
appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement The Investor 
further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about 
the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395664
--- PAGE 30 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best 
interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws 
set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject 
to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager 
and made known to the 
Investor; provided that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to 
(A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional 
advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law, provided that (x) in 
the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-
Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written 
agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited 
Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the 
court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure 
of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to 
protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 
2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information 
that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the 
disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and 
understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the 
Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and 
damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to 
their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
EFTA01395665
--- PAGE 31 ---
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure 
of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such 
treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the 
Investor, provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not 
disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of 
such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to 
determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably 
result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner 
and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the 
Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor 
agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the 
Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason, whether under law, regulation, 
policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to, use the Partnership 
Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose 
Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the 
Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) 
directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the 
"Freedom of Information 
Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure 
law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership 
Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person are sold or traded, whether 
foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a 
governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395666
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in 
accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any 
executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such 
person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee, 
fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) 
where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General 
Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) 
through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the 
preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is 
disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) Underlying Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and 
agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and 
acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying 
Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire 
against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential 
information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not 
responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no 
responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such 
documents, including, without 
limitation, the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement 
EFTA01395667
--- PAGE 33 ---
Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund 
Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in 
the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The 
Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges 
that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it 
will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and 
Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise 
be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and 
will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager 
as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, 
that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the 
Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have 
the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective 
affiliates. 
(ee) Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan 
Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of 
the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement 
plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans 
described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any 
fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) 
then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor 
Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity, agree, represent, warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395668
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and 
attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or 
interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, 
members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power 
and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of 
the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
(collectively, "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to 
provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary 
capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity 
for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all 
appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the 
extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
(5) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor 
nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the 
Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's 
governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
EFTA01395669
--- PAGE 35 ---
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests 
(including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of 
the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in 
the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the 
Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and 
conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, 
and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the 
basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements 
as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary are capable of evaluating investment 
risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue 
holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree 
that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its 
Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395670
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various 
risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of 
interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with 
applicable 
fiduciary responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
(10) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the 
payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients 
thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated 
with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive 
compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and 
described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree 
that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer, 
member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a 
fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor 
Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in 
connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the 
Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or 
violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was 
formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or 
governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, 
EFTA01395671
--- PAGE 37 ---
or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument 
to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject; 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity to discuss the 
Investor's 
investment in the Partnership, and the structure and operation of the 
Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information 
that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the 
Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to 
periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets"; (c) an 
investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as 
investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (1) of Section 203A of 
such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State 
(referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal 
office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities 
Exchange Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395672
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under 
management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause 
(e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative 
of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan 
Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
(16) 
(17) 
(18) 
(19) 
(20) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of 
ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an 
Interest; 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in 
that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might 
affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary; 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised 
that 
authority exclusively; 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the 
General 
Partner; 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the 
documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, 
and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and 
redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or 
the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of 
ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
EFTA01395673
--- PAGE 39 ---
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of 
the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the 
Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or 
plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has 
had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan 
and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the 
fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not 
the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 
2510.321(g)(5)) 
of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor 
Fiduciary is not 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395674
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the 
extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General 
Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial 
owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the 
beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no 
longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests 
and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such 
individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse 
consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general 
account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents, warrants and covenants that on 
each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general 
account are 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)(1)(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery 
of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is 
exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement, each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or 
using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, 
after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the 
percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the 
Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in 
writing; 
and 
(26) The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and 
EFTA01395675
--- PAGE 41 ---
representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ff) Non-U.S. Employee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is 
being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United 
States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as 
described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing 
such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision 
applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General 
Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of 
the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to 
the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership 
and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the 
Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or 
local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395676
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall 
take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General 
Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each 
additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership 
Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to 
invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to 
the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any 
additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the 
Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be 
separate purchases from the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in 
the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the 
subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred 
to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. 
The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the 
Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) Organization and Standing of the Partnership. The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware 
Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power 
and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the 
terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue 
and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery 
EFTA01395677
--- PAGE 43 ---
of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material 
consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States 
federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the 
Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General 
Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the 
Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General 
Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the 
Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the 
benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the 
Delaware Act. 
(d) Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming 
the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of 
the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery 
thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, 
enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395678
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership 
is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, 
after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute 
or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager") as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the 
"Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and 
at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received 
hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the 
Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, 
filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; 
(iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as 
a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) 
as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the 
Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or 
change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or 
change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the 
provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations 
of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, 
consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof 
under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing 
necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence 
of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a special power of attorney deemed 
EFTA01395679
--- PAGE 45 ---
coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable 
and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, 
partnership, limited liability company or 
trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the 
whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of 
attorney, this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys 
to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the 
assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each 
Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of 
the Partnership's affairs. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this 
Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, 
waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and 
the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by 
the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed 
accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted 
in writing and, if necessary, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395680
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, 
which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General 
Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The 
Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to 
determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment 
in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory 
(including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents 
and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is 
true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and 
as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or 
schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the 
Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. 
The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor 
reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, 
dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the 
Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor 
acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/-
or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership 
may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its 
beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Investor 
further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably 
necessary to comply with the 
EFTA01395681
--- PAGE 47 ---
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the 
offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of 
the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with 
respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its 
Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all 
Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant 
to a letter of authorization; 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial 
Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the 
General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with 
respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money 
laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to 
obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the 
Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining 
any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Partnership, the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, 
the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, 
employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability 
(a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation 
made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are 
required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement 
(including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General 
Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395682
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or 
(b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the 
Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the 
Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that 
it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms 
as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") 
Tax Form W-8BEN, W8BEN-E, 
W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. 
person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General 
Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial 
interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and 
another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) 
(collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information — Common 
Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation, regulation or 
guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, 
state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to 
maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating 
to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide 
such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect 
partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their 
Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations 
that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that 
such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, 
EFTA01395683
--- PAGE 49 ---
receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can 
disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the 
application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General 
Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information 
required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial 
owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 
12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update 
periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) 
the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance 
imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-1. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-1 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor 
acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of 
Schedule 
K-1, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the 
Partnership, and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and 
delivery of such Schedule K-1. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant 
to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-ls only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-1 required to be furnished to the 
Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is 
received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395684
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on 
paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or 
by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either 
on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and 
communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The 
Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent 
does not apply to a Schedule K-1 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal 
takes effect. 
(c) 
(d) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as 
possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through 
the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) Access to the internet, an e-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required 
to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-1. The Schedule K-1 may be required 
to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. General. This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the 
legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) 
shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be 
assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the 
Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or 
entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the 
Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to 
its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or 
unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or 
EFTA01395685
--- PAGE 51 ---
affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any 
other jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall 
not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof. 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the 
Investor hereby irrevocably waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, 
whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts 
for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such 
suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby 
submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be 
awarded in any such action, 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395686
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the 
Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific information relating to the fees 
in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement 
fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to 
my advisor: 
 %. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your 
Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not 
constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges 
by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all 
applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its 
investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth 
above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of 
the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory (if applicable): 
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed: 
Date: 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory (if applicable): 
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
EFTA01395687
--- PAGE 53 ---
(Sign here) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395688
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395689
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled 
"For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities", as applicable. 
I am investing as an: 
Individual 
I am an Individual or Entity that is a U.S. Person6: 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
Type of Individual: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
date of Birth: 
Telephone No: 
Email Address: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Entity: 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
— 
Domicile: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
EFTA01395690
--- PAGE 56 ---
Flailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Formation: 
Telephone No:  
Email 
For definition of "U.S. Person", please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Address: 
Entity 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01395691
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
retired, self-employed): 
Employer (if applicable): 
Occupation: 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
FOIA Partner7 
Yes 
No 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term 
"FOIA Partner". 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395692
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the 
foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal 
to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partner's 
entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395693
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire 
instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for 
this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please 
ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account 
as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Code (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional 
information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable): 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable): 
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in 
the Partnership: 
Salary 
Savings 
Inheritance 
Gift 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
EFTA01395694
--- PAGE 60 ---
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395695
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial 
Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in 
the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the 
Partnership. 
My Advisor is:  
Name of Firm:  
Name of Representative:  
Email address of Representative:  
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to 
the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who 
will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the 
Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the 
Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395696
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01395697
--- PAGE 63 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below 
completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or 
jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's 
primary residence): 
Less than $500,000 
$500,000 - $999,999 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts 
specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two 
calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
$199,999 or less 
$200,000-$299,999 
$300,000-$499,999 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
Individually 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, 
community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified 
purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments8 worth: 
Less than $5,000,000 
$5,000,000 - $10,000,000 
More than $10,000,000 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
8-1 
2017 Income: 
$199,999 or less 
$200,000-$299,999 
$300,000-$499,999 
$500,000 or greater 
EFTA01395698
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any 
retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan 
Investor"): 
Yes 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate 
what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership are the assets of a plan, 
individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether 
or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
Less than 25% and the percentage is  
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is  
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate 
whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee 
benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (B) an insurance 
company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the 
assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Title I 
of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1)(A) of ERISA or the regulations 
promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing 
types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
Yes 
5. 
No 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, 
state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the 
Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby 
subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and 
operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or 
prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Yes 
EFTA01395699
--- PAGE 65 ---
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner 
immediately. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
EFTA01395700
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a 
Massachusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of 
the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the 
Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the 
specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated 
person as 
described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories 
of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 
Securities Act: 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity 
(this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the 
Partnership). 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any private business development company as defined in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, 
for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-3 
EFTA01395701
--- PAGE 67 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited 
Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
EFTA01395702
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit D 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of 
the Investment 
Company Act as a result of: 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
(1) 
The Investor is a companyl that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more 
natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons, the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed 
for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account 
or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the 
specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and 
invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than $25,000,000 in "investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not 
formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other 
person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each settlor or 
other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in 
Item 
or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold 
a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments2 worth not less than $5,000,000. 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) 
of 
Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a 
corporation, partnership, association, 
joint stock company, trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether 
incorporated or not. If the Investor 
EFTA01395703
--- PAGE 69 ---
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or 
(7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment 
company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), determined in 
accordance with Section 3(c)(1)(A) on the 
Investment Company Act, that acquired such securities on or before April 30, 
1996 (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pre amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding 
securities (other than short-term paper) of 
any excepted investment company that, directly or indirectly owns any 
outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company, have consented to its treatment as a qualified 
purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-1 
EFTA01395704
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(5) 
B. 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially 
owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability 
company or other organization, 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the 
Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as 
defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 
3(c)(1) and 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
True 
False 
(2) Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the 
Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment 
Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one:  
(3) Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the 
Partnership, the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment 
Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one:  
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if 
any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the 
purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or 
nonparticipation 
in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
True 
(5) 
False 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the 
purposes of the 
EFTA01395705
--- PAGE 71 ---
preceding sentence, "recapitalized" includes, without limitation, new 
investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's 
acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
True 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-2 
EFTA01395706
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its 
assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the 
Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the 
Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which 
such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
True 
C. 
(i) 
False 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) are 
entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the 
control rights of the Investor? 
Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
Yes* 
No 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
Yes* 
No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," 
please complete the 
following chart. 
If the Investor or Any 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or, if there is 
insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
EFTA01395707
--- PAGE 73 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who are "Plan Investors": (1) 
U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or 
accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or 
handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and 
warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit 
plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) 
a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 
4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to 
hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
Yes 
No 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person 
or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 
3(42) of ERISA. 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets are "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "governmental plan," 
within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company 
or other entity 
EFTA01395708
--- PAGE 74 ---
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in 
which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to 
applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
Yes 
4. 
No 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within 
the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company 
or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies 
governing the sponsoring 
church. 
Yes 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-1 
No 
EFTA01395709
--- PAGE 75 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in 
this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" 
which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
Yes 
6. 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor 
represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in 
such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the 
participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more 
information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the 
Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was 
made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement 
agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have 
not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, 
any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, 
officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or 
any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised 
any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the 
Partnership, nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of 
their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, 
representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based 
upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or 
diversification; 
and 
(c) The terms of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, 
EFTA01395710
--- PAGE 76 ---
including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing 
instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly 
advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law 
or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, 
responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or 
any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, 
agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
EFTA01395711
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, 
LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P") adopted by the 
Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or 
services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written 
notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised 
that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with 
Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which 
the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment 
program, we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other 
investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a 
consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors 
to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, 
except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's 
other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as 
a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific 
partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their 
behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., 
our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of 
stock to our investors) on a "need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the 
following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, 
investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax 
identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service 
providers, or others, such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, 
EFTA01395712
--- PAGE 78 ---
contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, 
information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those 
employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We 
maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In 
addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our 
investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our 
affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you 
maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our 
current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor 
Relations at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
EFTA01395713

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395714.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395714.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Case # 01133377: has been 
From: Amanda Kirby 
Date: Thu, 03 Oct 2013 16:11:50 -0400 
To: Paul Morris 
s .ned to ou. 
*** NEW CASE ASSIGNMENT NOTIFICATION * * * 
The following case has been assigned to you. 
Customer Name: Indyke, Darren 
Contact Name: Darren Indyke 
Case #: 01133377 
Type: 
Case Subject: KYC Annual Call Note 
Description: 
Click on the link to access the case: https://na4.salesforce.com/5006000000T1JGX 
EFTA01395714

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395715.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395715.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (U.S.), L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. will invest 
substantially all of its investable assets into Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. (the 
"Underlying Fund"). 
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
STRUCTURE 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$250,000 
FUND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two 
additional one-year optional extension periods at the discretion of its 
General 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
REPORTING 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof2 
MANAGEMENT FEE3 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 Mil 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Mil+6 
During 
Investment 
period4 
1.00% 
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years 
Following 
EFTA01395715
--- PAGE 2 ---
Investment 
Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTEREST 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
*Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
The information contained herein is highly confidential, has been provided 
to you for informational purposes only, may not be shared with any party 
other than the intended recipient and may not be 
relied upon in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or investment 
products referred to herein. A private offering of interest 
in the securities described herein may only be made pursuant to a 
confidential private placement memorandum and the applicable subscription 
and governing documents, which will be furnished to 
certain qualified investors on a confidential basis at their request. Refer 
to "Important Information" beginning on page 2 for additional information. 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
Thereafter 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
STRUCTURE 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$5 Million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion 
of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
CAPITAL CALLS 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
EFTA01395716
--- PAGE 3 ---
business days' prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
REPORTING 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account 
statements 
MANAGEMENT FEE 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access 
fund only 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
1.10% of Commited Capital4 
TWO YEARS AFTER THE END OF THE INVESTMENT PERIOD 
0.85% of Invested Capitals 
THEREAFTER THROUGH THE END OF THE FUND TERM 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capitals 
CARRIED INTEREST 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
EFTA01395717
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 2 
END NOTES 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to the Access 
Fund Fee and Access 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing 
directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the fees and expenses 
associated with an investment in 
the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or indirectly 
from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
4. 
Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by 
the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion 
of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3. The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the Private 
Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5. Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in 
investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for 
such investments.) 
6. 
Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the 
option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any 
direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management 
fees from the Underlying Fund. 
subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Investors who invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Access Fund for 
further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, 
LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or 
investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
EFTA01395718
--- PAGE 5 ---
(the "Underlying Fund") or Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which 
will be furnished only to qualified prospective investors on a confidential 
basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Offering Memorandum, which 
contains more detailed information about the Access Fund's investment 
objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk 
disclosures that are important 
to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been 
authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund other than as 
set forth in the Offering 
Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may not 
be reproduced or 
redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of 
the Access Fund and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in the 
Access Fund. There 
are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund 
described in the Presentation. An investment in the Access Fund is not 
suitable for all investors. 
Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund 
involves a high degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the Access 
Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors 
must be prepared to bear capital losses that may result from investments. 
There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, 
investments may be leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum 
and pay particular 
attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses 
charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment 
alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, 
performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. 
Investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
risk characteristics of the Access 
Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the 
General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are 
described more fully in the 
Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
EFTA01395719
--- PAGE 6 ---
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve 
comparable results. Prospective investors should also bear in mind that past 
or targeted portfolio 
characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and 
there can be no assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio 
characteristics or that target 
portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments can go 
down as well as up. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be 
realized 
at the valuations shown as actual realized returns will depend on, among 
other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market 
conditions at the time of 
disposition, any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of 
sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the 
valuations contained herein are 
based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, 
carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by investors, which in 
the aggregate may be 
substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after 
deduction of such fees and expenses would be lower than the gross 
performance reflected in this 
EFTA01395720
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower 
returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a 
result of the additional fees and 
expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. Nothing contained 
herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance 
of the Underlying 
Fund or the Access Fund. 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access Fund, 
which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct 
investment, may be unmanaged, assume reinvestment of income, do not reflect 
the impact of any trading 
commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations 
when used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other 
reasons, may have 
different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are 
suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo 
liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period of time. They may 
be highly illiquid and can engage in 
leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility 
and risk of loss. Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than 
traditional investments. Investors 
should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. 
Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of information regarding 
valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
EFTA01395721
--- PAGE 8 ---
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest 
in the Underlying Fund, will 
have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse against the Underlying Fund or the General Partner or Manager of 
the Underlying Fund or their 
respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or 
employees, agents or affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, 
shareholder, employee or agent of any 
such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and should not be 
considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. 
Moreover, none of the Access Fund, 
the General Partner of the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates 
has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the 
Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting 
and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in the Access Fund will be lower 
than those from a direct 
investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an 
investment adviser registered with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The registrations and 
memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, 
products or services 
discussed herein. Additional Information is available upon request. 
East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165 I 212 994 7400 I 
info@icapitalnetwork.com I www.icapitalnetwork.com 
EFTA01395722
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global Private Equity Secondaries 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP1 ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management 
in August 2017 
• Fully owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and 
offices in London and New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows, and negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.5x 
TVPI and 23% Net IRR2 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led 
transactions and 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal 
structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
Strong and consistent track record2 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies4 # 
Net multiple (TVPI) 
Net distributed (DPI) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D3 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
2.3x 
EFTA01395723
--- PAGE 10 ---
lx 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 75 / 737 35 / 149 / 2,837 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance5,6,7 
Secondary funds: Net IRRto limited partners8 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
Upper Quartile 
Lower Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to limited partners5 
2.5x 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
Carried interest: 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
Hurdle rate: 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
2.Ox 
EFTA01395724
--- PAGE 11 ---
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.0x 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
Contacts: 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Partner & CEO 
+44-20-3947-7001 
carlo.pirzio-biroli@glendowercapital.com 
0.5x 
0.0x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
Index RVPI 
'09 
'10 
'11 
SOF funds DPI 
'12 
'13 
EFTA01395725
--- PAGE 12 ---
'14 
SOF funds RVPI 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner & CIO 
+44-20-3947-7002 
charles.smith@glendowercapital.com 
This document can only be offered to Accredited Investors and Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal 
to each offeree and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been 
handed out. Strictly not for 
redistribution. Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional 
information. Past performance is not an 
indication or guarantee offuture results 
Joshua C. Glaser 
Partner, Client Relations 
+1-212-653-8402 
josh.glaser@glendowercapital.com 
Total 
• 1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitalll in 
the following two years 
US$2,980m 
• Thereafter greater of 90% of 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Invested Capital 
2nd Quarter 2018 
Fund key terms10 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years from final closing 
Term: 
years + extensions (5xlyear) 
Structure: 
English L.P. 
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of commitments during 
Investment Period 
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01395726
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
Distinctive investment strategyl2 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, 
asset liquidations, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the 
time of the original acquisition, or later from an investor seeking early 
liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections (58% of transactions 
since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during 
normalized market conditions (42% of transactions since inception)10 
Identify less competitive deals 
■ US$40m average deal size 
■ Smaller US$5-100m fund portfolios 
■ Mid-size US$100-250m GP-led deals 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
■ Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
■ Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large levered 
beta play 
■ Value creation through in-depth fundamental 
analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
■ No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
portfolio level 
■ Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
■ Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl3 
Established Investment Team Active in the Secondary Market Since 200314 
• 23-strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 1H18 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant 
experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
EFTA01395727
--- PAGE 14 ---
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; 
KPMG 
Relevant Years of experience 
Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional information. There can be 
no assurance that efforts to reduce risk will be successful, nor that the 
strategy 
will be successful in the future or that losses will be avoided 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capital; CIBC Oppenheimer 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
■ Average 20% discount to FMV 
■ Average —80% funded at time of entry 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
EFTA01395728
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Endnotes 
(1) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital LLP ("Glendower"), an appointed 
representative of Mirabella Advisers LLP, which is authorised and regulated 
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
(2) Mature funds include SOF, SOF D and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. Performance figures have been calculated 
based 
on the unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
the "Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance 
Information" sections of this document. Gross returns are gross of fees, 
expenses 
and carried interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees 
and carried interest. Past performance is not a prediction of the future 
performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate 
the track record of the Glendower Team and there can be no assurance that 
SOF IV will achieve comparable results. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. Converted at the September 30, 2017 
EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(4) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies 
is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may 
include some double counting. 
(5) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, formed 
between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against their 
respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one benchmark only; 
quartiles 
may differ when compared to other benchmarking sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III data is not included in the data set used to calculate the 
benchmark data. 
(6) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to 
Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(7) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower team. 
(8) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
EFTA01395729
--- PAGE 16 ---
six years to 
settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this settling they 
typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance 
metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. Median is the 
middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs included in a vintage 
year (minimum 5 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the thresholds for the 
upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on the individual fund 
IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median 
to determine quartile placement (minimum8 funds). 
(9) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return 
aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a dollar-
weighted return. 
(10) Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund 
(the "Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, 
complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. For 
further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please 
refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such documents are in 
the process of being prepared and will be made available to prospective 
investors upon request. 
(11) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and 
the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
(12) As of September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance that the strategy 
will be successful in the future, or that losses will be avoided. 
(13) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfoliomanagement theory. 
(14) As of September 30, 2017. Period since 2003 includes time spent by 
members of the core senior management team at Deutsche Bank. 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and 
any follow-on investments in any such investment, but not including any GP-
led Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context 
requires. 
"Fund Secondary" means (a) an interest held directly or indirectly by the 
Fund in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including 
a fund of 
funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone 
transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired in a single 
transaction, in each 
case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, 
provided that any interest referred to in clause (a) shall be in a fund 
structure that 
either has an investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on 
investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its 
EFTA01395730
--- PAGE 17 ---
aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of interests referred to in 
clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the aggregate have drawn down 
or 
committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided 
further that the aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) 
shall be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund structure and 
provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be 
an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity 
assets through bespoke liquidity solutions (and any follow-on investments in 
any such investment interest, but not including any Co-Investment) as 
reasonably 
determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395731
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower 
Capital, LLP ("Glendower") (an appointed representative of Mirabella 
Advisers LLP, which is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct 
Authority) for the purpose of providing certain summary information about 
certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by 
Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential 
investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is 
being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may 
not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than any Recipient's affiliates 
or professional advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on 
a need to 
know basis Any past performance information herein is not necessarily 
indicative of future results and actual performance may differ materially 
from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and Recipients must not rely on 
this 
Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests 
in the Fund. This Presentation may not be used for and does not constitute an 
offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase 
any interests or to engage in any other transaction. The information in this 
Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not necessarily meaningful or 
complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the 
information contained herein and any future offering of SOF IV. Neither 
Glendower, Mirabella Advisers LLP nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any 
representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an 
investment in the Fund, the income or tax consequences, or the suitability 
of an 
investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities 
laws 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered 
into at the date that this Presentation is made available but that Glendower 
EFTA01395732
--- PAGE 19 ---
expects will occur or be entered into thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or 
solicitation. A private offering of interests in the Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, which contain additional 
information 
about the investment objective, terms and conditions of an investment in the 
Fund and also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to 
any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other than as set forth in the 
offering 
documents and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
offering documents will be furnished to qualified investors on a 
confidential basis at 
their request. The information contained in this Presentation will be 
superseded by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such 
offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary 
market for interests in the Fund and none is expected to develop. There will 
be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund, investments may be 
leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in connection with an investment in 
the Fund may 
be higher than the fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and 
may offset profits. Investors should have the financial ability and 
willingness to 
accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is 
acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit Suisse is not acting and will 
not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-
Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered 
Party") are provided on an arm's length basis and not as an advisor or 
fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered Parties should consult with their 
own internal and 
external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, 
material, or information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse 
also will not solicit 
EFTA01395733
--- PAGE 20 ---
a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of obtaining or retaining an 
engagement for 
that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory 
services to or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing 
contained herein shall constitute any representation or warranty and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower, its affiliates or 
Mirabella Advisers 
LLP as to the accuracy or completeness of any information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each investor and prospective investor 
(and each employee, representative, or other agent thereof) may disclose to 
any 
and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind 
(including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, 
provided, however, 
that such disclosure shall not include the name (or other identifying 
information not relevant to the tax structure or tax treatment) of any 
person and shall not 
include information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order 
to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns 
generated by the Fund will equal or exceed those presented herein or that 
the Fund will be able to implement its investment strategies or achieve its 
investment objectives. The Fund's investment strategy and applicable 
investment restrictions may differ from those historically employed and 
economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the possible future performance of 
the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of 
information 
available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is 
made or assurance given that such statements, views, projections or 
forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
EFTA01395734
--- PAGE 21 ---
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents 
for updating this Presentation (or any additional information), correcting 
any inaccuracies in it or providing any additional information to you. 
Accordingly, to 
the fullest extent possible subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or 
its affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, 
directors, officers, 
partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud) 
for any loss (whether direct, indirect or consequential), damage, cost or 
expense 
suffered or incurred by any person as a result of relying on any statement 
in, or omission from, this Presentation. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395735
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current 
assumptions, may be simplified and may depend upon events outside the 
control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other events that were not taken 
into account 
may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore, 
changes to any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or 
projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any 
forecast, opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors in the Fund 
should not 
rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in 
such Fund. The information contained in this Presentation has been obtained 
from 
sources outside of Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be 
reliable for the purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its 
affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any responsibility for the accuracy 
of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not 
treat this Presentation as tax, regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or 
any other advice in relation to the Recipient of this information and this 
information 
should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain 
jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are 
required to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk 
factors. An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated 
investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
high risks and lack 
of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the 
Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
Statements herein are made as of January 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Information on the Track Record 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
EFTA01395736
--- PAGE 23 ---
and its 
affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an independent private equity firm 
owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets. 
The 
performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in 
respect of the SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF 
Funds to 
date, including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team 
were employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the track record, each 
Recipient 
should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith have been 
permanent voting members of the SOF Funds investment committees since 
inception; (ii) 
Chi Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers 
the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during the SOF II investment period as 
voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members 
since January 2013; (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part 
of the SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved 
at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of the investments made by the 
SOF 
Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group 
within 
Deutsche Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely 
to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information provided herein has been 
prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited 
("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the SOF Funds and the 
related individual underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower 
SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or 
investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. Glendower takes 
responsibility for its use of this performance information and its 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, 
including, but not limited 
to, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 
204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such 
performance information by Glendower. 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net IRR" shall mean an aggregate, 
compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on 
investments, 
based on daily cash flows Calculations are presented based on actual cash 
flows to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" 
basis unless 
otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit share, 
carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection with the 
disposition of unrealized 
EFTA01395737
--- PAGE 24 ---
investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable 
funds, all of which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are expected 
to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than 
taxes borne or to be borne by investors, including as a result of an 
investor's domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted 
to calculate Net 
IRR in respect of the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. All performance numbers include recycled 
capital unless 
otherwise explicitly indicated. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") 
represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital 
("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held 
within the SOF 
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. Total 
Value to 
Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. MoM is defined as the amount of 
money returned divided by the amount invested for that particular investment. 
Gross multiple represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects 
amounts 
net of the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant 
investment fund. Any such valuation of unrealized investment will be based 
on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the 
circumstances, the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will 
depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the 
assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions on 
which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are 
based. Accordingly, the actual realized returns generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395738
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA. This Presentation shall not be distributed to any 
Recipient that is domiciled or resident in a European Economic Area member 
state 
where the distribution of the Presentation in such member state would 
constitute "marketing" (within the meaning of article 4(1)(x) of the 
Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU)). This Presentation is not 
an approved prospectus for purposes of section 85 of the UK Financial 
Services 
and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). In the United Kingdom, this Presentation may 
only be communicated (i) by a person other than an authorized person if 
directed only at (a) persons who have professional experience in matters 
relating to investments, falling within article 19(5) ("investment 
professionals") of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as 
amended) (the "Order"), (b) persons falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) 
("high 
net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Order, or (c) 
persons whom this Presentation may otherwise lawfully be communicated; and 
(ii) 
by an authorized person if directed only at (a) persons who have 
professional experience of participating in unregulated schemes, falling 
within article 14(5) 
("investment professionals") of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (as 
amended) (the "PCIS Order") and article 19(5) ("investment professionals") 
of the Order, (b) persons falling within article 22 (high net worth 
companies, 
unincorporated associations etc) of the PCIS Order and article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the 
Order. 
AIFMD Notice. In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member 
State") which has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for which transitional 
arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed in a 
Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD 
(as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); 
or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State 
(including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
Presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this Presentation may only be 
distributed and 
interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed to the extent that this 
EFTA01395739
--- PAGE 26 ---
Presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may 
lawfully 
be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of 
the investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, 
accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or 
strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances, or 
otherwise constitute a 
personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be 
profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of investment 
objectives or target returns or measurements. Any reference to past 
performance 
is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results. 
This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in 
Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by 
section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) (the "Act") 
and as 
sophisticated or professional investors as defined by sections 708(8) and 
(11) (respectively) of the Act, in respect of which an offer would not 
require disclosure 
under Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and should not 
be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial product 
recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure 
statement or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act. 
This 
Presentation is not required to, and does not, contain all the information 
which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any 
other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it required 
to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The 
funds referred to in these materials are not registered schemes as defined 
in the Act. In Australia, Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit 
Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch, are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the 
purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not 
represent deposits or 
other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect 
of the 
obligations of such Credit Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No 
offer to the 
public to purchase the Fund's interests will be made in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only 
and must not 
EFTA01395740
--- PAGE 27 ---
be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a 
prospectus, an advertisement, a public offering, an offer to sell the 
interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the 
interests described herein 
in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will 
be made only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities 
Commission is obtained. 
No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be 
deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means would be deemed public 
offering of 
securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained 
herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission 
has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered 
with the Registrar of Companies. This Presentation is for informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. 
As such, it 
must not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be relied upon or 
used by any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 
31-103 — Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. To the extent that the information contained herein references 
securities 
of an issuer incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities 
must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada. No 
securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed 
or in 
any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the 
merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the 
contrary 
is an offence. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law 
no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de Valores, and regulations thereunder. 
Securities not registered with the SVS may not be offered or sold publicly 
in Chile 
(unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the 
EFTA01395741
--- PAGE 28 ---
Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors pursuant 
to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado 
de Valores 
(an offer that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain 
sector or specific group of the public"). For additional information 
referred to each of the 
offered securities, please contact your RelationshipManager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China 
("PRC") or by any means that would be deemed public offering of securities 
under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to 
individuals 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained 
all the required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's 
responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or receive any 
investment advisory 
or investment management services. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395742
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the 
Management 
Company/Issuers have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian investor should make its 
own 
inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the 
Management Company/Issuers, including the merits and risks involved, and as 
to 
legal, tax and related matters concerning an investment in the products. 
This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian 
residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable rules and 
regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and/or securities 
related products 
or services in Colombia. Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to 
Colombian residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombianmarketing rules and general securities laws and 
regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial 
Code (CodeMonetaire et Financier) to professional clients and eligible 
counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey 
Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No 
public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved 
by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any 
interests or securities may not be offered or sold and have not been offered 
or 
sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to (i) "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong 
EFTA01395743
--- PAGE 30 ---
Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no person 
has 
issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not 
issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong 
Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any 
interest or securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
or are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any interests 
or 
securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the definition 
of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made 
under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that 
will not constitute "an offer to the public" under sections 15 and 15a of 
the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 ("the Securities Law") or section 25 of 
the Joint 
Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being 
offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any 
given 12 month period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the 
First 
Addendum ("the Addendum") to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") 
namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds, provident funds, 
insurance companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for 
themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio 
managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), 
investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for 
themselves), 
members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves 
or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing 
Products for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the 
capital market, an entity which is wholly-owned by Sophisticated Investors, 
corporations, (other than formed for the specific purpose of an acquisition 
pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 
million, and 
individuals in respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the 
Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect 
of which 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, 
deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice Law) and 
EFTA01395744
--- PAGE 31 ---
securities traded on a 
stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid Assets") 
exceeds NIS 8 million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), 
or the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 1.8 million 
(approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all their Liquid Assets 
exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or 
the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately 
£150,000); each as defined in the said Addendum, as amended from time to 
time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they 
qualify as 
Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the consequences of such 
designation and agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will 
fall 
within the private placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment 
Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements 
or 
rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is purchasing such Product for its 
own benefit and account and not with the aim or intention of distributing or 
offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an 
offeree which is a Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking 
corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product for another party 
which is 
a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be considered 
investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of 
Investment Counselling, Investment Marketing and PortfolioManagement Law, 
5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this Presentation a recipient shall 
be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated 
Investor 
purchasing Products for its own account or, where applicable, for other 
Sophisticated Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor 
does it constitute an offer to sell to or solicitation of an offer to buy 
from any person or persons in any state or other jurisdiction in which such 
offer or 
solicitation would be unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or 
solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it 
is unlawful 
EFTA01395745
--- PAGE 32 ---
to make such offer or solicitation. 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as 
amended) (the "FIEL") and, accordingly, any interest and/or investment in 
them 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines 
promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities 
and in effect at the relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local 
Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan Securities 
Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan 
Investment Advisers 
Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395746
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be 
construed as constituting, an offer or invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any securities (as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 
2007) in Malaysia 
or interests (as defined in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for 
subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside 
of Malaysia and no issue, offer or invitation under this document has any 
effect in 
Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico. This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera 
del Exterior) not subject to the supervision of the National Banking and 
Securities Commission (Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the 
"CNBV"). The 
securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation 
System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the Mexican 
Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores), therefore such securities, its 
issuance, 
offering, distribution and listing are not subject to the supervision of the 
CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject 
to public 
offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV or the 
SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco. This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional 
investor which has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters 
as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the 
Fund. Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly 
licensed by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed 
portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991 
and Law 1.338 
of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the "Commission de Controle des 
Activites Financier-es. Such regulated intermediaries may in turn communicate 
this 
document to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment 
business" or "government agency" within the meaning of clause 37(1) and 
EFTA01395747
--- PAGE 34 ---
clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 
2013 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or 
the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute 
an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive 
Regulations to the CapitalMarket Law (issued by Decision No.1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent 
investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests. The 
promotional documentation does not constitute an offer to the public and is 
for the 
use only of the named addressee and should not be given or shown to any 
other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with 
the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under any laws of the State of 
Qatar. No 
transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries 
regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the 
Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the 
"CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss 
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Presentation. 
Prospective purchasers of the interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. If 
you do not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of 
prospectuses 
would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as 
a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment 
referred to in 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is 
EFTA01395748
--- PAGE 35 ---
suitable for you. The product named in this Presentation is not authorized or 
recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and none of 
its interests / shares / units shall be allowed to be offered to retail 
public in 
Singapore. This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant 
products. The delivery of this Presentation to you should not be construed 
in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests 
described in this 
Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product, the fund will 
first be registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a 
locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
liability for losses that might arise from making use of the information. If 
nothing is indicated to the contrary, all figures are unaudited. The 
information 
provided herein is for the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is 
private equity capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly 
(i.e., are 
not listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private equity investments, 
including 
the investment opportunity described herein, may include the following 
additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial portion of the investor's 
investment, (ii) 
investment managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier 
or more speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of 
liquidity as there may be no secondary market, (iv) volatility of returns, 
(v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of diversification, (vii) 
high fees and 
expenses, (viii) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and 
(ix) complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax 
information to 
investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering documents, 
articles of association and audited financial statements can be obtained 
free of charge from the Representative. The place of performance for 
interests of the 
Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office 
of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in 
relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. 
Any dispute related to the distribution of interests of the Fund in and from 
Switzerland 
shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
EFTA01395749
--- PAGE 36 ---
distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will 
be charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions and money must be received by the 
paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395750
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by 
the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in 
St. Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has 
passed upon 
the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority 
in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal 
counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various legal, 
tax or economic 
matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved 
in investing, with the ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public 
offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates and accordingly should not 
be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited 
number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such 
interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in the Fund 
have not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central 
Bank, the 
Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing 
authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the 
use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's 
consideration thereof). No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any 
enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of 
the offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have 
not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Presentation. 
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor 
is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in 
EFTA01395751
--- PAGE 38 ---
the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private 
placement 
memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where the 
offering 
will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are 
subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold 
except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under 
the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that 
they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests 
for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors 
will 
not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be 
no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part 
of any 
person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01395752
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," 
"our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or 
fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without 
notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING 
THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD 
ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche 
of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible 
invested. Further, the securities 
described in this presentation have not been registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve 
our solicitation agent activities, such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now 
or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize 
you (and any of your 
employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal 
governmental agency, are not 
Bank Securities Inc., or any 
loss of the principal amount 
EFTA01395753
--- PAGE 40 ---
and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential 
transaction, and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related 
to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This 
authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
EFTA01395754

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395755.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395755.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative 
investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the 
"Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, 
Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's 
administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain 
information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax 
identification 
number; 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of 
name; 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's 
license; 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial 
condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial 
condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, 
Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties 
and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our 
fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE 
Confidential 
* * * 
EFTA01395755
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund: 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties 
to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in 
connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") 
in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund 
investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at 
the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital 
Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank 
will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or 
recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned 
by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an 
authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature:  
Title (if applicable): 
Date:  
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidential 
EFTA01395756
--- PAGE 3 ---
GLDUS143 Henry Nicholas 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
EFTA01395757

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01395758.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01395758.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
EFTA01395758
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, this 
"Memorandum") is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC 
or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager") to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors") for 
the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the 
"Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access 
Fund"). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner 
interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, 
prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety 
by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended 
or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA"), which shall be provided upon 
request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment 
Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this 
Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall 
control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the 
Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities 
commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the 
foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any 
EFTA01395759
--- PAGE 3 ---
representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any 
U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and 
jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. 
The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) 
in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual 
restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying 
Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the 
Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "Investment Company 
Act"). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the 
Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor" as 
defined within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a 
"qualified purchaser" as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," 
as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). There is no public 
market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General 
Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this 
Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund 
Manager" ("AIFM") under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests 
(or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled 
or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395760
--- PAGE 4 ---
-ii 
EFTA01395761
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State") 
of the European Economic Area 
("EEA")1 when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the 
application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the 
event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the 
prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent 
(as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors 
and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an 
investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended 
period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that 
investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the 
entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, 
will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the 
general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any 
of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the 
Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action 
against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment 
Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is 
responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is 
responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation 
of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership 
Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription 
Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any 
representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this 
Memorandum to any investor 
EFTA01395762
--- PAGE 6 ---
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or 
responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the 
(v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with 
Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. 
Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to 
the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained 
in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower 
has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information 
contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices 
hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to 
be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information 
operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may 
modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner 
the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying 
information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with 
respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each 
liability or responsibility 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such 
information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted 
Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the 
Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, 
affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests 
considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
undertakes any 
offering of Interests; 
respect to the 
in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
be amended, restated or otherwise 
or 
of them expressly disclaims any 
information or any other 
therefrom. The offering of 
Underlying Fund. Although the 
the Access Fund is not an 
Fund is different from an 
is not, and should not be 
EFTA01395763
--- PAGE 7 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iii 
EFTA01395764
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. 
Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General 
Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to 
participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) 
commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. 
the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access 
any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the 
General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in 
the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or 
otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund 
and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall 
constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights 
under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be 
contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be 
deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no 
assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is 
not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable 
results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual 
realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, 
market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit 
the power to legally bind or 
No Glendower entity has (i) 
Fund, the General Partner or 
EFTA01395765
--- PAGE 9 ---
liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, 
the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated 
herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, 
achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified 
by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as "may," "seek," "expect," "estimate," or "believe" or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are statements 
that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this 
Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions 
underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, 
as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are 
made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or 
any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future 
events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors 
could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject 
to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the 
Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by 
reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a 
significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of 
which are discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iv 
EFTA01395766
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its 
own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all 
information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely 
in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a 
summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred 
to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are 
subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement 
and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which 
should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors 
in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or 
contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement 
and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the 
offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests are offered subject to the General Partner's 
ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access 
Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and 
therein that are applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may 
be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each investor (and any employee, representative, 
or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions 
EFTA01395767
--- PAGE 11 ---
undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of, or any other 
identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in 
the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance 
information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this 
Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was 
written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters 
addressed by the written information 
and (c) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances 
from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a 
prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any, are invited to 
meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such 
representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to 
the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or 
expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any 
representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement 
Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such 
representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the 
information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, 
the date when such information is 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-v 
EFTA01395768
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General 
Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution 
of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
This Memorandum does not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or 
other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other 
commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance 
of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this 
Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in 
this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information") and not disclose any such Confidential 
Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to 
evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any 
security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and 
any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the 
confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and 
the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc 
(212) 994-7333 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vi 
EFTA01395769
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vii 
EFTA01395770
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE "NFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A 
REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(3), THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN 
THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (III) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EFTA01395771
--- PAGE 15 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-viii 
EFTA01395772
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-ix 
EFTA01395773
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION  
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS 
FUND  
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST  
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA 
CONSIDERATIONS  
I. 
II. 
III. 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-x 
EFTA01395774
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
I 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the "Access 
Fund"), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership 
(together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The 
principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment 
returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, 
special situations, turnaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets 
primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist 
private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity 
assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections 
relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, 
which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the 
limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General 
Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making 
any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that are "U.S. Persons" 
as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). If an 
Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after 
investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395775
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should 
read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund") and the summary of 
terms and conditions of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be further amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of 
the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund 
described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, 
to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement"), and the subscription 
with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement," 
"Agreements"), copies of 
which will be provided to 
of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the 
summary and the Agreements, 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
The Investment Manager 
restated or otherwise modified from time 
agreement and the related documentation 
and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 
each prospective investor upon request. The forms 
event of a conflict between the terms of this 
EFTA01395776
--- PAGE 20 ---
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-today 
operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and full 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395777
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to 
invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
terms set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments are 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395778
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See "Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Access Fund 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund ("Interests") are being 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
("Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
"Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors ("Investors") that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that are pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of "unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors"). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and NonU.S. 
Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,008, although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,008,080, although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,008,080 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395779
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
"Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate share of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing interest, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395780
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA01395781
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro rata share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
Term 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
for two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, "Feeder Funds") in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395782
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA01395783
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
entity, directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified NonU.S. 
Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds are expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who are "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K1 
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395784
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
Bifurcated Default 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA")) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395785
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
("Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
Access Fund Expenses 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses; liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395786
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA01395787
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395788
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA01395789
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Partner shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395790
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with 
(C) 
below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395791
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
"Access Fund Expenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395792
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA01395793
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
Indemnification 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see "— Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,008 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
EFTA01395794
--- PAGE 38 ---
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395795
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners 
information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that are U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. TaxExempt 
Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395796
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA01395797
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
Considerations 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in "benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback To the extent the Access Fund incurs any 
indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for 
its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
EFTA01395798
--- PAGE 42 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395799
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a "Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose; Underlying Fund." 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial institutions with financial information and other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395800
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Each investor must be an "accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act). 
Confidentiality 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been informed of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395801
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Investor Information 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Legal Counsel 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner, 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower, also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395802
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
III. CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed 
discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth 
in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk 
of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will 
achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the 
Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective 
affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment 
in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and 
involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully 
before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts 
not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks. The investments made by the Underlying Fund and 
indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can 
result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition 
or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and 
market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries 
in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact 
of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse 
effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and 
Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents. The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will 
receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 
2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The 
Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's 
assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a 
EFTA01395803
--- PAGE 47 ---
particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners Accordingly, the Placement 
Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with 
investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited 
Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without 
thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents 
will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As 
the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a 
conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their 
respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with 
Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described 
above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather 
than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access 
Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to 
the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement 
or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395804
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts 
of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an 
investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into 
the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than 
such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the 
capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the 
Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of 
potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the 
Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, 
including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among 
other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act 
or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or 
partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose 
the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize 
its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower 
or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost 
entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. 
Certain ongoing operating 
EFTA01395805
--- PAGE 49 ---
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses 
borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, 
Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by 
investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, 
resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact 
on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access 
Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the 
Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet 
the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395806
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to 
the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General 
Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required 
to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from 
engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each 
prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the 
capital contributions that will 
EFTA01395807
--- PAGE 51 ---
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner 
to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The 
General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if 
any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment 
opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any 
such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund 
will not participate in coinvestment 
opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the 
Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment 
opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a 
result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the 
iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for 
iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or 
may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a 
placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing 
investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect 
to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395808
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and 
compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and 
selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement 
Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such 
recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons 
of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such 
investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may 
create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these 
conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and 
procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The 
General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or 
enter into management or 
advisory agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar 
arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar 
to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and 
Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the 
Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the 
ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational 
rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying 
Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed 
Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Access Fund 
or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited 
EFTA01395809
--- PAGE 53 ---
Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with 
any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General 
Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the 
Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be 
obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are 
potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will 
have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates 
with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund. The Investment Manager will 
value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment 
Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the 
Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the 
valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the 
Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there 
is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may 
not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions 
the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer-
-potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited 
circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a 
valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, 
and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is 
subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395810
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Fidelity Relationship. The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration 
and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC 
(collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity") pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity 
for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment 
in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment 
Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. 
Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of 
registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a 
potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or 
any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital 
Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Programs. The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer 
(and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification 
programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network 
platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and 
interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational 
opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to 
subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner 
and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total 
forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with 
respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited 
EFTA01395811
--- PAGE 55 ---
Partner or otherwise, 
the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, 
including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not 
defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the 
Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan 
assets", certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be 
considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to 
avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In 
addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, 
resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such 
compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or 
to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that 
purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences 
under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company 
could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA 
controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395812
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or 
more) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio 
company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include 
funding obligations to singleemployer 
pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer 
pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that 
the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be 
regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun 
Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held 
that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-
fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject 
to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question 
(together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the "Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of 
the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business 
characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. 
Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be 
sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or 
parallel funds are aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners 
believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, there is some risk that a court might find 
otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to 
take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability 
purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership 
interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds are not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group 
ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their 
respective affiliates or any of their 
EFTA01395813
--- PAGE 57 ---
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact 
that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered 
under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment 
in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests 
Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their 
investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their 
investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of 
years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and 
not the Limited Partners, 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be 
voted. 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an 
opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the 
Underlying Fund (and in coinvestments, 
if any, with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the 
sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment 
risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant 
portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or 
country. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
In addition, none of 
EFTA01395814
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse 
impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnership. Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable 
and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who 
otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise 
in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor 
than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will 
consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives 
of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to 
Limited Partners. 
Glendower, the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have 
certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not 
be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend 
the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the 
ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower, 
the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited 
Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to 
revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's 
governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise 
or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with 
one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the 
same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited 
Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the 
Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a 
EFTA01395815
--- PAGE 59 ---
"Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the 
Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) 
consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other 
matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or 
the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter 
entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited 
Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters 
with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited 
partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will 
not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any 
Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership 
Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may 
be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395816
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified 
Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for 
transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the 
Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are 
required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited 
Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the 
Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay 
such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right 
to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital 
contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and 
following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made 
to the limited partners for the 
purpose of funding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in 
respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to 
make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained 
amounts are reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other 
risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, the administrator and certain of their affiliates and 
representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with 
the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to 
the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and 
the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund 
EFTA01395817
--- PAGE 61 ---
any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return 
distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be 
funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made 
to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will 
not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund 
(including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations 
of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim 
will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each 
have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by 
the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to 
the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited 
Partner's Subscription, including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including 
transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and 
other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these 
expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395818
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Investors in Subsequent Closings. Investors subscribing for Interests on a 
Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the 
Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata 
share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the 
Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition 
prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to 
participate in such investment, as 
determined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as 
public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which are subject to public disclosure requirements. 
The amount of information about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent 
years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may 
be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, 
withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future 
regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the 
Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet 
uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the 
General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the 
extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the 
distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the 
total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital 
risk and higher current 
EFTA01395819
--- PAGE 63 ---
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it 
borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or 
the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure 
exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency, negligence, 
misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon 
the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire 
such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or 
inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets are pledged 
in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in 
the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to 
borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such 
banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit 
facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to 
pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying 
Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying 
Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise 
borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of 
receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395820
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting 
investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure 
sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Access 
Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the 
Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the 
General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund 
through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be 
allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the 
Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if 
they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor 
performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest 
less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that are 
not historical facts are 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or 
beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain 
information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be 
EFTA01395821
--- PAGE 65 ---
identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "seek," "should," 
"expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend," "continue," "target," "plan," or "believe," or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, 
including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking 
statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The 
Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 
of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain "bad actors" are 
involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the 
exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain 
procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a "disqualifying 
event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests 
or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but are not limited to, the General Partner, the 
Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The 
General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's 
Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be 
required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or 
more of the Access Fund's voting 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395822
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered 
Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP 
that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been 
subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such 
representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all 
of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and 
information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur 
during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements 
towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds 
industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the 
private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose 
administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without 
limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens 
and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and 
Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely 
affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the 
Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, 
the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, 
compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer 
Protection Act (the "DoddFrank 
Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that 
affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant 
to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered 
investment advisers to private funds, 
EFTA01395823
--- PAGE 67 ---
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of 
the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on 
noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries 
and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes 
that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund 
conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the "Volcker Rule," may 
affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is 
difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the 
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty 
may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment 
strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank 
Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or 
proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural 
requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed 
commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395824
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the 
European Union, Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many 
categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index 
credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time 
public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced 
documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkeeping 
requirements. 
While these changes are intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance 
transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not 
known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by 
regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and 
an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future 
exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," 
such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required 
to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin 
that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially 
greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund 
of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether 
for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts 
available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair 
liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, 
investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC 
derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator 
("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into 
hedging transactions or to obtain 
EFTA01395825
--- PAGE 69 ---
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the 
Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the 
CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of 
positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and 
The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such 
risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of 
required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, 
limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC 
derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed 
futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, 
currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options 
contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally 
required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a 
person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, 
subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
futures options contracts and swaps. 
position limits for a broad range of 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is 
additional speculative position 
EFTA01395826
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. 
Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could 
increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option 
contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk 
management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. 
These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of 
execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's 
investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves 
as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to 
the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited 
Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment 
Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the 
General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No 
independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek 
their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as "An Act to provide 
for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for 
fiscal year 2018" (the "2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of 
a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net 
interest expense, (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled 
foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 1096-owned foreign corporation, each 
of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) 
changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of 
expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in 
which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
EFTA01395827
--- PAGE 71 ---
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could 
affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the 
deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses 
and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not 
including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a 
disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. 
partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets 
would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential 
withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the 
holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may 
increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried 
interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on 
the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment 
valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a 
significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If 
so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may 
also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to 
predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access 
Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395828
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 
Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be 
furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual 
U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to, among other 
things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited 
Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or 
"dry" income. Moreover, 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a 
tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a 
return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should 
expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax 
filings and pay taxes. 
Non-U.S. Investors and ECI, U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch 
Profits Taxes. NonU.S. 
investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be 
subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all 
entities in a broadly defined 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs") to comply with a 
complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain 
U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either 
certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their 
substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on 
certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S withholding tax on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
EFTA01395829
--- PAGE 73 ---
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating 
FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders 
that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still 
reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. 
sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on 
these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying 
Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with 
the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an 
Intergovernmental Agreement (an "IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the 
automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the 
country in which such FFI is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information 
with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is 
deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the 
reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that are allocable to a Limited Partner may, in 
accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the 
extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular 
circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395830
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, 
legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of 
partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with 
respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a 
partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount 
of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective 
alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited 
year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax 
liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is 
not able to make such an 
election, then (1) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the 
aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would 
have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may 
indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as 
well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. 
Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to 
pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner 
generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of 
tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required 
to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes 
(including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access 
Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate 
the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the 
Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in 
fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA 
Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as 
a result. Many issues and 
EFTA01395831
--- PAGE 75 ---
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all 
aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. 
federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. 
federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging 
whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences 
thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
W the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
W the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax 
returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the 
Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
iy the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited 
Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its 
Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
IV the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited 
Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative 
minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395832
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
IV the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, 
loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) 
income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in 
taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner 
by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax 
returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in 
connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction 
or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. 
federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be 
determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each 
Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income 
tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in 
certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited 
Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items 
would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more 
detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395833
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income 
tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based 
upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative 
interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a 
different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and 
do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. 
federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations 
that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances 
or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial 
institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities, U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is 
not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle 
or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to 
beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This 
discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local 
jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an 
investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion 
of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could 
have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary are 
applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons 
should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a "U.S. person" generally is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (1) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or 
other entity treated as a corporation 
EFTA01395834
--- PAGE 78 ---
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the 
laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is 
subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the 
authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under 
applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an 
equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of 
the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should 
consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will 
provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize 
withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each 
prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal 
tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395835
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences 
set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial 
advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable 
state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access 
Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment 
of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or 
pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable 
income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the 
Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the 
Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any 
amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater 
amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash 
distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable 
income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law 
governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded 
partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of 
partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a 
corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to 
an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon 
EFTA01395836
--- PAGE 80 ---
liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was 
treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more 
of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends 
and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot 
assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming 
the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata 
share of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the 
Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata 
share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for 
U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395837
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis 
in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the 
Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive 
share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below 
zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the 
adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the 
amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited 
Partner's share of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to 
the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be 
taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the 
distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the 
Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income 
items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with 
respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount 
that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a 
complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial 
liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income 
or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for 
such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must 
be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the 
distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as 
defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
EFTA01395838
--- PAGE 82 ---
as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term 
should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-
recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the 
Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take 
into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that 
allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for 
tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance 
with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner 
intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can 
provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are 
successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the 
allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395839
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain 
or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory 
items (which are broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The 
difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the 
Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized 
would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the 
Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however, Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to 
be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of 
the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the 
General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets 
upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, 
nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked 
without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying 
Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax 
accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an 
election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on 
in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis 
adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in 
the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that 
Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than 
$250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in 
the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In 
lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to 
make an election to be an "electing 
EFTA01395840
--- PAGE 84 ---
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund 
could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any 
loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner 
realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the 
appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can 
be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such 
election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, 
even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate 
taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale 
expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not 
deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net 
gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is 
excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at 
ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 
163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the 
limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395841
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as 
investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited 
Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate 
Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may 
also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in 
the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax 
advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax 
situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code 
restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not 
derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal 
service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, 
losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss 
limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations. A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk 
limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access 
Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has "at risk" with respect to its 
Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be 
considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which 
the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the 
Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). 
Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and 
contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and 
distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund 
previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange 
of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the 
Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
EFTA01395842
--- PAGE 86 ---
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at 
risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the 
difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund 
were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated 
as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. 
Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that 
they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable share of deductions and 
losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 
2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to "investment interest" and 
"miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, 
such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers, subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending 
upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and 
other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees, paid by such Limited 
Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395843
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax 
basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may 
be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to 
deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate 
taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses for five 
years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tax Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the 
Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and 
fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, 
depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as 
ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will 
depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one 
hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for 
their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather 
than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of 
a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any "dealer" property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of 
interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue 
discount ("OID"), which for this 
purpose includes "payments-in-kind," or PIK, interest. In such case, the 
Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of 
such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with 
"market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be 
required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the 
period the debt obligation was 
EFTA01395844
--- PAGE 88 ---
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is 
included in income by the 
holder during the term of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt 
instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt 
instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt 
instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the 
interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the 
instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist 
of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there are a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income 
tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general, a "significant modification" of a debt obligation 
acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the 
resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification 
and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe 
harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is 
"significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could 
take the position that the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395845
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount 
amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access 
Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with 
complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will 
depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before 
January 1, 2026, noncorporate 
taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of 
the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified 
business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including 
investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in 
respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that 
certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is 
subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below 
under "Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. 
It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face 
financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in 
the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such 
restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and 
therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-
U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would 
cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In 
general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes 
"passive income" (generally, interest, 
EFTA01395846
--- PAGE 90 ---
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of 
assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the 
production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the 
Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that 
company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an 
election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund 
invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections 
which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited 
Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395847
--- PAGE 91 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Controlled Foreign Corporations Special rules apply to U.S. persons who 
own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting 
power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States 
Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC"). A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC 
if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting 
power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its 
Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such 
Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive share 
of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited 
Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon 
disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC 
attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be 
required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any 
Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at 
fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain 
foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United 
States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States 
Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of 
certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund 
and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the 
applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any 
profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or 
of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather 
than capital gain or loss. Further, 
EFTA01395848
--- PAGE 92 ---
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or 
obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of 
terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of 
its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any 
loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or 
gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share 
Tax-Exempt Investors. The Underlying Fund may 
entities that are treated as flowthrough 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) 
income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, 
transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax 
amounts of UBTI. A U.S. TaxExempt 
Investor's allocable share of Access 
subject to federal 
income taxation and might 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
only invest in the Access 
amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt 
may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition 
of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effectively becomes the 
which is denominated in 
that currency relative to 
foreign currency gain or 
loss rather than capital 
of such income or loss. 
(i) invest in operating 
generate unrelated debt-financed 
for example, from break-up fees or 
-Exempt Investors to incur material 
Fund income constituting UBTI would be 
be subject to state and local taxation as well. 
should 
Fund if they are willing to receive material 
Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund 
indebtedness resulting in a 
Tax-Exempt Investors. 
material portion 
EFTA01395849
--- PAGE 93 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its 
Interest, all or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI, regardless of 
whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not 
normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" are subject 
to a 100% excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further, certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax 
if the Access Fund engages in 
a "prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a "subsequently listed 
transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter 
transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special 
disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors 
are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
The Interests are being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors that are willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not 
willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund A Feeder Fund may be 
organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a 
Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat 
foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as 
foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Partner's U.S. federal income tax liability. 
Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally are considered to be from sources within the 
United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited 
Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each 
Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable 
to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or 
allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as 
creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable 
limitations on losses and 
EFTA01395850
--- PAGE 94 ---
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on 
the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner, Limited Partners are advised to consult their own tax 
advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information 
returns reporting its income, 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly 
allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing 
authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments 
resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional 
income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and 
partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund 
items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the 
Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any 
entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an 
interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit 
adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395851
--- PAGE 95 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with 
respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year 
under audit). 
United States Tax Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-U.S. 
Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, 
either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of 
stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions 
between themselves and those nonU.S. 
corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to 
certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the 
stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited 
Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that 
fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required 
to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-
U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The 
Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner 
in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability 
of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally 
required to file certain 
information with their annual U S. federal income tax return regarding 
interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. 
If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access 
Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such 
information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or 
other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. 
Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity 
is not currently subject to FBAR 
EFTA01395852
--- PAGE 96 ---
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the 
FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with 
their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend 
income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A 
Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain 
dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. 
Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of 
the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty 
identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment 
companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated 
as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable 
on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect 
to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of 
stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 
days before the date such shares 
become ex-dividend. For preferred stock, the required periods are increased 
from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods 
totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395853
--- PAGE 97 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, 
the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the 
extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make 
related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access 
Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective 
shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable share of qualified 
dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to 
include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction 
discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to 
qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund 
allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-
received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the 
net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold 
amounts. For U.S. individuals, 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted 
gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing 
separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a 
sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts are urged to consult their tax 
advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may 
be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income 
taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by 
various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is 
currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold 
EFTA01395854
--- PAGE 98 ---
assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, substantial 
limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and 
local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in 
the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to, among 
other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including 
the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, 
and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with 
respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each 
Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited 
Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar 
provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund 
must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the 
foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject 
to change by Congress. In recent 
years, there have been significant changes in the Code, some of which are 
being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. 
It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395855
--- PAGE 99 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or 
interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not 
undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments No rulings have been or will be 
requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of 
the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should 
consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax 
rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a 
complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. 
Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws, including state blue 
sky laws. The Interests are offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities 
Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor 
will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary 
private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status 
as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment 
in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely 
that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or 
resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the 
Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors are hereby notified of the 
EFTA01395856
--- PAGE 100 ---
following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of 
the Interests: 
Beginning in 2011, without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin 
Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in 
dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state 
statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James 
offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to 
adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' 
ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were 
not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers 
inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible 
ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required 
under the settlement orders. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395857
--- PAGE 101 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access 
Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange 
Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand 
(2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a 
result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 
Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will 
be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in 
Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only 
to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is 
available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering 
of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of "qualified 
purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(c)(7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely 
on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund 
meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to 
prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund 
from relying on Section 
3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund 
to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (i) will qualify for an 
exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) 
under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such 
exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from 
registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment 
Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice 
to claim such exemption 
EFTA01395858
--- PAGE 102 ---
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager 
will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended 
to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such 
exemptions. If any future 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose 
any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements, 
non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the 
Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests 
that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the 
General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should 
consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response 
to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and 
other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation 
verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use 
of funds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this 
information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395859
--- PAGE 103 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Furthermore, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to 
the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access 
Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, 
its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such 
representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall 
require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the 
Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, 
territory, individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") 
website, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or 
entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent 
to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly 
derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, 
including, any applicable antimoney 
laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any 
time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines 
are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to 
implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner 
nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European 
Union's Directive 2011/61/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the 
date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative 
Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not 
applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the 
Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any 
prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a 
relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA")2, when such marketing 
is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the 
EFTA01395860
--- PAGE 104 ---
Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that 
an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other 
retirement plans which are 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the 
ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit 
plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards 
under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment 
of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the 
prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan 
fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the 
Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, 
the risk of loss and the potential 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395861
--- PAGE 105 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's 
portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow 
needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding 
objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might 
constitute or give rise to a 
"prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion 
of the assets of an individual 
retirement account ("IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not 
subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan 
that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, or of an investment 
fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or 
plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the 
Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into 
account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the 
Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a 
market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests; such trustee or other person has 
authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an 
the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the 
"2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary 
relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain 
conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the "Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated 
institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a 
sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection 
with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were 
determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that 
the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the "Sponsor") had provided "investment 
EFTA01395862
--- PAGE 106 ---
advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary to a Plan investor, the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the 
Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner 
in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department 
of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to 
fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an 
ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access 
Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access 
Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets 
will not be treated as "plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in 
ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each 
class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and 
any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit 
plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes 
of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395863
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the 
General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance 
with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access 
Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. The 
General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in 
making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the 
assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be "plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other 
requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner 
and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to 
ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have 
improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be 
required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return ("Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be 
required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access 
Fund's service providers as 
"reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the 
extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation 
required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy 
the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as 
defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans are not subject 
to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments 
such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. 
Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund 
should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
EFTA01395864
--- PAGE 108 ---
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
* 
* 
* 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395865
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01395866
--- PAGE 110 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of 
its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any 
statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or 
information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent 
supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify 
or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures" in the 
Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to "this Memorandum" shall refer to the 
Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may 
not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to 
return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines 
not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). 
Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, 
representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without 
limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and 
tax structure, provided, however, 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) 
shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax 
structure of such transaction 
EFTA01395867
--- PAGE 111 ---
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead 
another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could 
reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide 
updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
EFTA01395868
--- PAGE 112 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of 
the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or 
expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs 
of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund 
and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or 
the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others 
(whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in 
respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process 
EFTA01395869
--- PAGE 113 ---
for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the 
Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of 
the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the 
costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise 
holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners, whether individually or in a group) attending 
meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for 
risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit 
Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and 
expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including 
administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including 
withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, 
including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental 
inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners 
will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that 
they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner 
of the Access Fund); provided, 
EFTA01395870
--- PAGE 114 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as 
determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited 
Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to 
its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses)., except as otherwise provided herein or in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including 
any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro rata share of management 
fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses 
payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by 
virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access 
Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access 
Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire 
interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund 
and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the 
respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of 
the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of 
the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners (which capital calls for 
indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from 
anycertain recalleds of Distributions (see "— Capital Calls" and "Limited 
Partner Giveback"), against 
certain expenses or losses. 
In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be 
obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be 
callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's 
EFTA01395871
--- PAGE 115 ---
obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in Limited 
Partner Giveback below. 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability 
or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund 
LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its 
capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return 
distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed 
the aggregate amount of25% 
of all distributions received by such Limited Partner (it being understood 
that additional amounts may be 
called fromfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise 
required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a 
Limited Partner would be 
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation); 
provided further that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the 18-
month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any 
proceedings or claims outstanding, the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside 
of a Limited Partner's 
Subscriptionthereof). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
EFTA01395872
--- PAGE 116 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk 
Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" 
is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
EFTA01395873
--- PAGE 117 ---
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain 
Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with 
The Access Fund may be required to repay 
creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions 
the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts 
the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. TheSubject to certain 
the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access 
distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. 
may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access 
to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk 
Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their 
any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities 
the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses 
indemnification granted under the 
the risk of loss and delay 
of the Access Fund, with the 
fair value of such securities as 
Risk Factors and Potential 
the changes as marked below: 
to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
previously received by it. In addition, 
that are 
restrictions in 
required to be withheld by 
the Partnership Agreement, 
Fund all or part of any 
all or 
affiliates 
incurred in 
and 
any portion of the Access 
Similarly, Limited Partners 
Fund is unable otherwise 
Factors and Potential 
marked below: 
General Partner, the 
representatives (including 
connection with the affairs of 
thereof) will be in addition to the 
EFTA01395874
--- PAGE 118 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations 
and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments 
of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying 
Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls 
from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. 
A Limited Partner's obligation 
to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's 
Subscription, and therefore will not be capped subject to certain exceptions 
and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any 
investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), are available to satisfy all 
liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund 
an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management 
costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions 
from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In 
addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnification 
expenses and certain other 
required payments, including transfer expenses, interest expenses in 
connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited 
partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
EFTA01395875
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01395876
--- PAGE 120 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395877
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
EFTA01395878
--- PAGE 122 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750,000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND"). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL 
CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE "FCA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, 
AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY 
ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT 
THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED 
IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM "TAX TREATMENT" REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM "TAX STRUCTURE" REFERS TO ANY 
FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT 
TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, 
CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
EFTA01395879
--- PAGE 123 ---
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U.S. SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE "APPENDIX 1: 
NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE 
JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN 
FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) ("PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS"). THIS 
MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY 
TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
EFTA01395880
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE 
LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR 
INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)-
(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE 
OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS 
NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS 
WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT 
IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE 
NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT 
THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY 
RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS" AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST". 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE 
RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED 
HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD 
EFTA01395881
--- PAGE 125 ---
MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND 
AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR. 
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING 
IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P., SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY 
PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION 
OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE 
RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS 
LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER 
CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS 
FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page ii 
EFTA01395882
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE "U.S. ADVISER"). ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE 
SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING 
TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY," "WILL," "SHOULD," "EXPECT," "ANTICIPATE," "PROJECT," 
"ESTIMATE," "INTEND," 
"CONTINUE" OR "BELIEVE" OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON 
OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, 
INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN 
FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST 
CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE 
FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY 
JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE 
DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
EFTA01395883
--- PAGE 127 ---
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, 
SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER") OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF 
ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION 
HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE") NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE 
INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iii 
EFTA01395884
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ("CPO"), PURSUANT 
TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(A)(3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE 
INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND 
SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS 
ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY 
INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, 
PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED 
AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT 
UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, 
PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, 
THE INTHE-MONEY 
AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING 
INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN 
THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS 
PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS 
INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
EFTA01395885
--- PAGE 129 ---
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING 
WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN 
THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT 
ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL 
STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ("MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE"). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR 
INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED 
BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ("COVERED PARTY") ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH 
BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION 
WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE 
COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR 
COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO 
COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING 
SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT 
SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iv 
EFTA01395886
--- PAGE 130 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING 
DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN 
THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL 
CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH 
RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN 
REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE 
USED, BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE 
TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A 
LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES 
ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES 
A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS 
TRUE, 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS 
THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR 
QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY, OR 
TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF 
THIS 
PARAGRAPH. 
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
EFTA01395887
--- PAGE 131 ---
PURCHASERS OF SECURITIES THAT ARE EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN 
FLORIDA. 
"DOLLARS" AND "$" REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
EFTA01395888
--- PAGE 132 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: carlo.pirzio-biroli@glendowercapital.com 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: josh.glaser@glendowercapital.com 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: michael.j.murphy@credit-suisse.com 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page vi 
EFTA01395889
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive 
Summary  
Section 2: Investment 
Performance  
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms  
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP  
Section 5: Fund 
Management  
Section 6: Summary of Terms and 
Conditions  
Section 7: Risk 
Factors  
Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest  
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations  
Appendices  
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific 
Jurisdictions  
Appendix 2 Privacy 
Notice  
Appendix 3 Anti-Money 
Laundering  
 101 
Appendix 4 Key 
Definitions  
 102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance 
Information  
 108 
Appendix 6 
Directory  
 111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General 
EFTA01395890
--- PAGE 134 ---
Partner  
 112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395891
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395892
--- PAGE 136 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395893
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, 
LLP ("Glendower Capital", "Glendower" or the "Manager"), an independent 
investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by 
the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of 
generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through 
the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (i) the 
acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, 
feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary" and, 
together, "Fund Secondaries"), (ii) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a 
"GP-led Secondary" and, together, "GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a "Single Asset Deal"). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-
Biroli and Charles Smith (the "Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment 
professionals. As described in "History" 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised 
outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed 
by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower, co-
founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the "SOF Business") in 2006 
after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion 
proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.1 Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and 
Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were part of the team initially assembled by the Managing 
EFTA01395894
--- PAGE 138 ---
Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of 
Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to 
become the "SOF Team" and, on and from August 1, 
2017, the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led 
the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III (collectively the 
"SOF Funds" or the "SOF Program") with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically: 
\Z SOF,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and 
held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
)Z SOF D,4 a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 
million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it. 
References to the "Glendower SOF Team" may also include investment 
professionals and other personnel that are subsequently hired by the 
Manager. 
SOF is a pool of capital dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 
2007, which was structured through three separate investment vehicles, DB 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P. ("SOF A"), DB Secondary Opportunities 
Fund B, L.P. ("SOF B") and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
("SOF C"), collectively "SOF". 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. ("SOF D") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 2010. SOF D is a Euro 
denominated fund. US$ values have been converted to Euros at the September 
30, 2017 rate of 1.1822. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395895
--- PAGE 139 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z SOF II,5 the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a 
final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
\Z SOF III,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 
with a US$1,654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations 
professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at 
Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, 
inter alia, Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their 
remaining term. Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice 
and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to 
the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the 
portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in 
relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance Information) any 
track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised 
prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the 
track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard 
to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not joined Glendower Capital were 
involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in 
respect of the investments made 
by the SOF Funds.7 
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to 
transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and 
valuations. 
\Z Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier 
cash distributions. 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment 
of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years), strategy, industry and 
EFTA01395896
--- PAGE 140 ---
geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to 
an institutionalized market where US$58 
billion8 was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including 
pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and 
family offices. 
\Z With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment 
(commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand 
balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9 
)Z Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of 
Fair Market Value ("FMV") since 201010 
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record 
secondary transaction volumes.11 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP ("SOF II") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first closing in 2011. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP ("SOF III") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first and final closing in 
2014. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF 
D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report, Bain & Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395897
--- PAGE 141 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target 
area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the 
market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tailend 
funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset 
liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment 
strategyl3 pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management14) in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is 
built around five main pillars: 
)Z A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million 
Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF 
Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017, the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an 
average deal size of US$40 million. 
\Z Pursuing a selective, true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth 
fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs 
larger levered beta players, the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3,000 potential deals since 2007 valued at 
around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
)Z Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing 
mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 
350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of 
purchase.15 
)Z Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has 
historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and limited at portfolio level, (ii) systematically 
implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (iii) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios 
across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries 
and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Deals16 adjusting to focus on the former during market 
corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a 
broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar structures), 
portfolios of direct private equity assets, and coinvestments 
EFTA01395898
--- PAGE 142 ---
in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower 
SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
.>Z Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's 
relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors17 and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.18 
\Z Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address 
their objectives, which often include nonmonetary 
factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of 
execution. 
.>Z Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF 
Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary 
funds. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Represents % of aggregate invested capital in the SOF Funds as of 
September 30, 2017. Past portfolio construction of the SOF Funds is not a 
prediction of the Fund's portfolio construction. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395899
--- PAGE 143 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Established track recordl9, 20 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance 
with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) 
and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to 
investors. More specifically: 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile 
performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group, with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI 
and 22% Net IRR. 
t SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top 
decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
)Z SOF II (2011, US$614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top 
quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
.>Z SOF III (2014, US$1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment 
period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI, 
0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
\Z Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
• Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub-delegated manager to the SOF 
Funds, generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital. 
\Z Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years2l before 
spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
)Z London and New York offices with established operational, integrated, 
self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
)Z Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 
12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
\Z Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion 
in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22 
Unique sell-side experience, having participated in the restructuring of 
Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.23 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
\Z Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after 
all fees, expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. This information reflects a comparison of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only. SOF Funds' 
performance may differ when compared to other benchmark data. 
EFTA01395900
--- PAGE 144 ---
Performance of the SOF Funds is not included in the data set used to 
calculate the benchmark data. Please refer to Section 2, Exhibit 2 for 
further 
information. 
The performance figures have not been audited and are based on the 
unaudited aggregated performance results of SOF, SOF D and SOF II and SOF 
III, collectively the SOF Funds, as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information which sets forth, amongst other things, important information 
regarding the performance described above. Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of subscription line facilities. 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF IV is expected to use) such facilities to manage 
capital drawdowns, as described in "Drawdowns and use of 
subscription line facilities" in Section 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds' 
performance data is not expected to be representative of the investment 
returns that will be experienced by investors in the Fund. Gross returns are 
gross of fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the 
investment level. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of their future performance 
or that of the Fund. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have 
worked together since 2003. Adam Graev became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395901
--- PAGE 145 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund 
Sponsors.25 
tZ Conducts a rigorous value driven, asset-by-asset, bottom-up analysis 
focused on: 
— Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company26 
— Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
\Z Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of 
interest between the Fund Sponsor and its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable, attractive assets 
with reasonable leverage and attractive "see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the 
investors in the Fund: 
.>Z The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 
1.0% of the Fund. 
.>Z The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to 
receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
.>Z The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals 
from Glendower Capital. 
tZ Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV, or any 
future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly, Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried 
interest or general partner's share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential 
conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest, which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information 
To the extent that such information is available. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
•
EFTA01395902
--- PAGE 146 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395903
--- PAGE 147 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to 
investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance 
of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, 
compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28 
Through September 30, 2017, the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 
transactions resulting in distributions 
of over US$1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net 
IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and 
over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 201730, 31, 32, 33 
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.0x 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
EFTA01395904
--- PAGE 148 ---
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
For discussion purposes only Source: Glendower Capital based on Preqin 
benchmark data for the median TVPI and Net IRR achieved by buyout 
funds for vintages of 1997 to 2017. Average buyout TVPI = 1.59x; Average Net 
IRR = 15.5%. Data as of September 30, 2017. For further 
benchmarking of Glendower Capital to buyout returns, please refer to Exhibit 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
"Invested" is defined as the sum of the purchase price and remaining 
unfunded obligation as of the time of closing, or time of expected closing 
for 
pending deals. 
The performance figures have not been audited and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance Information 
which sets forth, amongst other things, important information regarding the 
performance described above. The SOF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be representative of the investment returns that will be 
EFTA01395905
--- PAGE 149 ---
experienced by investors in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds is 
not a 
prediction of future performance. Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the 
DaVinci Portfolio — a well diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds 
purchased through an SPV, providing exposure to buyout, special situations, 
venture capital and real estate strategies in North America, Europe and 
Asia. The number of funds and companies is an estimate and shows the 
aggregate of each deal at closing and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ valued have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395906
--- PAGE 150 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). 
The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund 
Benchmark34, 35, 36, 37 
In Exhibit 3, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of 
September 30, 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage 
year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile38 
TVPI37 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.Ox 
SOF II 
SOF 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
15% 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
20% 
SOF II 
2.Ox 
SOF 
25% 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
EFTA01395907
--- PAGE 151 ---
DPI37 
2.5x 
Net IRR37 
35% 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
vintage year peer group. SOF and SOF D performance is not included in the 
data set used to calculate the benchmark data. Note that the performance 
figures in respect of SOF and SOF D have not been audited and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information. Past performance of SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance. 
Information presented in Exhibit 2 is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team. There can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & 
SOF III performance against one benchmark only. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II, SOF III or 
any other Glendower funds and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will 
achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved, but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team. 
Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction and should be read and reviewed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5: 
Important Performance Information which sets forth, amongst other things, 
important information regarding the performance 
described above. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395908
--- PAGE 152 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF, SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and 
invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital, Net IRR, TVPI and 
DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. 
Net IRR, initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be 
returned in around 24 quarters, or 6 years. 
Lastly, TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.85x range by the time funds 
are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the 
Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39 
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance40 
Past performance is not a prediction of future performance and therefore 
there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Size, Net IRR Development, TVPI (Total 
Value to Paid in Capital), DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital), as of 
September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based on the 
unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
Appendix 5: Important Performance Information which sets forth, among 
other things, important information regarding the performance information 
described in Exhibit 4. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns 
and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. Performance information on 
SOF D has not been included on this slide because SOF D is a single 
transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to underwrite pari-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF. Glendower does not expect that similar transactions 
will be available to SOF IV. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395909
--- PAGE 153 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market 
indexes including the MCSI World Index, Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all 
cases, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets4l 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
MCSI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare 
a Glendower investor's performance, but rather is disclosed solely to 
allow for comparison to that of certain well-known and widely recognized 
EFTA01395910
--- PAGE 154 ---
indices. Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate 
the PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same 
date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the 
total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in the 
index 
and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been 
treated using the "all in method". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Net IRR 
EFTA01395911
--- PAGE 155 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395912
--- PAGE 156 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in 
the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8, 
respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of 
Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Fund Name 
Investment Strategy 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in 
the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition of a diverse 
portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1.75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
Manager 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the 
FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to 
provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the 
Fund. 
Term 
Investment Period 
Target First Closing 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take 
place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share The General Partner will receive from the Fund an 
annual profit share as follows: 
(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments; 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
EFTA01395913
--- PAGE 157 ---
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit 
share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Carried Interest 
Clawback 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2.5 million. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395914
--- PAGE 158 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395915
--- PAGE 159 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
SOF IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor fund to 
the SOF Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the SOF Funds in the secondary market and will follow 
processes established by the Glendower 
SOF Team in the SOF Program.42 
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has 
generated strong returns in the SOF Funds to date,43 
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse 
portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and 
distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
1. Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
2. GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP 
tenders; and 
3. Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at 
the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies 
depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During 
the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their 
relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of US$5 million to US$100 
million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the 
opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the 
Manager's view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, 
focusing on funds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' 
or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager 
believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range — most 
Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the 
EFTA01395916
--- PAGE 160 ---
Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a 
situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above, the Fund will have the 
ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to 
invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net 
IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis.44 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team was able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Past performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance of either the SOF Funds or the Fund. Actual returns on unrealized 
investments may differ materially from returns indicated herein. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395917
--- PAGE 161 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow 
and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives, which often include non-monetary factors such as 
confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and 
referral sources amongst fund investors, 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement 
agents, investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source 
proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to 
achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best 
investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of 
sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
\Z The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of 
assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%, Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 
4%.45 
\Z Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by 
value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.46 
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors, such as 
confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to 
sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing 
transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non -
monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. 
A wide funnel and a narrow filter.47 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
EFTA01395918
--- PAGE 162 ---
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of March 19, 
2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395919
--- PAGE 163 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important 
element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
.>Z Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary 
investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investor's 
investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
\Z Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward 
profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors48 
In '000 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitgate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate 
3-Curve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash 
flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure 
across vintage, strategy, industry and geography. 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetic 
al timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
EFTA01395920
--- PAGE 164 ---
Timeframe of secondary investment 
11 
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the 
potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
\Z Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect 
current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market 
dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
\Z Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to 
analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
\Z Mitigation of 3-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn 
down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the 3-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of 
funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures — are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 
to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors 
receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. An investor in such a structure that 
requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the 
interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving 
regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led 
Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
This information is for discussion purposes. The graph is an example for 
illustrative purposes and the actual cash flow profile of any given 
investment 
may vary substantially. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395921
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA01395922
--- PAGE 166 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically 
over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners 
alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was 
typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity 
funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders, GP recapitalizations and 
structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time, the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 
trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled 
the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently 
transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.50 
Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and 
(ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that 
many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP-led Secondaries and active 
portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in 
this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and 
future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued 
prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented 
the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market 
for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) 
tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 
billion51 in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of 
supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 — 201752 
US$bn 
6x 
EFTA01395923
--- PAGE 167 ---
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
GP-led Secondary 
2012 
2013 
Fund Secondary 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more 
investors have entered the asset class, existing 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger 
commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM 
in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions Discussion Materials, May 
2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to Secondary Market, June 
2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395924
--- PAGE 168 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. 
The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key 
drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion53 
US$bn 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
2x 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PE54 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when 
evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 
93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that 
younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized 
assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than funds of more recent vintages whose assets 
still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively 
by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds, and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals 
EFTA01395925
--- PAGE 169 ---
without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived "out-of-favor" 
funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset 
selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller, may result in the ability to generate 
stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an 
auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity 
index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing 
captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The 
aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a 
number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,-
and does not factor in transaction structuring, 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, 
June 2017. 
Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018 
Private equity funds typically report information to their investors, 
including the net asset value of their investment, on a quarterly basis. 
Secondary 
market transactions are typically priced with reference to the net asset 
value of an LP interest as of a specific reporting date, the "Record Date". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395926
--- PAGE 170 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing — which 
taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)57 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low 
volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the 
secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to 
reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were very low because the high discount (to already low 
net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain 
amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, 
resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary Market Update, March 
2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395927
--- PAGE 171 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply / demand is balanced 
with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. 
US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower 
believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current 
market volumes, a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capital supply58 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced59 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Buyout 
Secondaries 
3.7x 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
2.2x 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary 
market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires 
to 
modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very 
EFTA01395928
--- PAGE 172 ---
disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 19660 of total transaction volume by 
value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional 
category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated 
in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now 
represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private 
equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and 
pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) 
public pensions, and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage 
vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report, Bain & 
Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 and Greenhill Cogent Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Deal flow information represents the aggregate deal flow by value 
reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1, 2006 and September 
30, 2017. Historical deal flow characteristics do not provide a prediction 
of future deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal 
flow 
will be comparable to historic deal flow. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395929
--- PAGE 173 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdown6l 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage58 
100% 
20% 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
80% 
60% 
58% 
40% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
0% 
2016 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
2017 
20% 
22% 
18% 
<2006 Pre-crisis 
43% 
2006-08 Pre-crisis 
39% 
>2008 Post-crisis 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-
of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not 
new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older 
vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs, or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant 
supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. US$600 billion of private equity assets 
still locked in 2003-2008 vintage funds. 
EFTA01395930
--- PAGE 174 ---
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Year62 
US$bn 
US$600 billion 
250 
226 
200 
201 
186 
150 
149 
137 
100 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Crisis 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Post Crisis 
2015 
2016 
129 
144 
193 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report — Private 
Equity and Venture Capital Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395931
--- PAGE 175 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing 
approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and 
restructurings, tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated 
the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the 
real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)65 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
7.1 
15% 
9.0 
20% 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 
2007 
2008 
EFTA01395932
--- PAGE 176 ---
2009 
GP-led secondaries 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of 
underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
t The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years 
resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity 
assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, 
which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
A greater and growing number of high-quality managers are now utilizing 
the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional 
capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
t Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led 
liquidity offerings and restructurings. Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2017. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, 
January 2018 and Evercore H1 2017 Secondary Market Survey Results. 
2017 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1.1 
1.9 
5% 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395933
--- PAGE 177 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
curiosities, Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown 
to be an important aspect of the market, 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the 
future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve 
liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities, Glendower has 
not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have 
noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. 
Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open 
communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a 
set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that 
characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large 
fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, 
value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment 
with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling 
rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that 
have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-led Secondaries 
with "Top Quartile" GPs66 
Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395934
--- PAGE 178 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary 
opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 
Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment 
strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which 
the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between US$1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager 
believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build 
diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below US$1 billion are forced to compete in the very 
competitive market for small fund interests, and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a 
fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than US$3 billion 
inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in 
generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its 
Strategy68 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market 
indexing 
• Global sourcing 
• Volume-driven 
3,000 
• 
M 
Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Global sourcing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
SOF II 
S 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF I 
>50 players 
100 
EFTA01395935
--- PAGE 179 ---
1996 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
Fund Vintages 
<$1bn 
$1-3bn 
>$3bn 
Glendower Capital 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
SOF III 
SOF IV 
—10 players 
10,000 
—10 players 
Sourcing strategies 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to 
sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have 
historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to 
actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, 
but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed 
towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be 
ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. 
These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, 
infrastructure, mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, 
together with its target deal size of under US$100 
Source: Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Source: Preqin database and Glendower Capital's own analysis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395936
--- PAGE 180 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through 
the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 
15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the 
portfolio — focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary 
pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this, some secondaries funds target interests in Fund 
Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these 
interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund 
interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the 
underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool 
risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment 
process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
origination 
and sourcing 
ti Top down 
identification of 
attractive assets 
fF Focus on key 
seller verticals 
ti Proactive calling 
efforts 
fr Logging of all 
potential deals into 
pipeline 
Screening 
and due 
diligence 
ff, Weekly review of 
pipeline 
ti Staffing and 
prioritisation 
fF Detailed bottomup 
EFTA01395937
--- PAGE 181 ---
due diligence 
fr Transaction 
negotiation and 
structuring 
Investment 
decision & 
closing 
fr Approval by 
Investment 
Committee 
ff Final negotiations 
ff Signing of 
transaction 
ff GP consent / other 
closing conditions 
ff FX hedging 
fr Closing 
Monitoring 
and risk 
mgmt 
fr Review of 
realisations and 
updates on 
performance at 
weekly meeting 
fr Ongoing 
evaluation of sale 
opportunities 
fr Formal quarterly 
valuation and 
performance 
review 
Investment 
realisation 
fr Review cashflows 
from underlying 
funds 
fr Evaluate and 
execute 
realisations where 
we have discretion 
fr Pipeline 
fr Valuation model 
fr IC memo 
fr PSA and 
subscription 
documents 
fr Valuation memo 
fr Quarterly review 
fr IC memo 
fr Sale documents 
EFTA01395938
--- PAGE 182 ---
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally 
competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships, which includes 
financial sponsors, Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity 
funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database 
listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Output 
Activities 
Step 
EFTA01395939
--- PAGE 183 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively 
source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and 
approach utilizes the following principles: 
\Z Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
\Z Focus on quality assets. 
\Z Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing, or is 
expected to distribute, carried interest. 
\Z Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
\Z Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a 
rigorous and disciplined value-focused, 
bottom-up due diligence69 
approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality 
investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous, value-focused bottom-up due 
diligence focused on: 
.>Z Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company. 
.>Z Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
.>Z Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
\Z Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
\Z Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as 
well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-
investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team 
will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key 
terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund 
Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include 
deciding, on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full 
due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment. 
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the 
Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This 
process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing 
negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via 
EFTA01395940
--- PAGE 184 ---
intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the 
portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the 
Manager to be appropriate, the Glendower SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including, for example, utilizing 
selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
To the extent information is available from the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395941
--- PAGE 185 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team 
members who completed the investment. 
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore 
believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the 
investment under-performs as against its business 
plan. 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower 
SOF Team will: 
.>Z Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in 
conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them.70 
\Z Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on 
the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether 
there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary 
and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary 
actions, steps or remedial processes. 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting 
and investor report. 
Z Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
— weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor 
the Fund's portfolio, review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash 
activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add 
value to an investment or exit an 
investment. 
— quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly 
valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the 
portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
\Z Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as 
investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the 
marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments 
in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-
led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set 
EFTA01395942
--- PAGE 186 ---
forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence 
process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and 
presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of 
information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed divestment. 
The extent of the Glendower SOF Team's interaction with Fund Sponsors, 
including by attending partnership meetings, will depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395943
--- PAGE 187 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395944
--- PAGE 188 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395945
--- PAGE 189 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its 
partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from 
Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has 
worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by 
Carlo and Charles in 2006, has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 billion 
of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York, with a 23-
strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 
years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, 
portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated 
manner when it was established in 2006.71 
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of 
relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of 
Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Brief biographies of 
the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. 
Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility 
as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated 
to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonti,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with 
Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on 
investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in 
respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. The Investment Committee, in addition to 
other matters, will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target 
EFTA01395946
--- PAGE 190 ---
investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments, and (iv) advise on the investment 
strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, 
Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the 
Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with 
decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Francesco Rigamonti will act as a senior advisor to Glendower Capital and 
is not a partner, officer or employee of Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395947
--- PAGE 191 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
From time to time, and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional 
persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 
2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's € 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 
to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary 
funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank, Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds; 
an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as 
a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil 
engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and 
an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome, Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer. Based in 
London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the 
restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
€6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a 
Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from 
Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary 
private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before 
then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture, growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
EFTA01395948
--- PAGE 192 ---
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial 
analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London, Chi is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 
2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the 
implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously, Chi 
completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London, Emilio is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe, the Middle East 
and Asia. Prior to Glendower, Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA, where he spent over five years focusing on 
secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a 
Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at 
Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, 
Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations 
(across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395949
--- PAGE 193 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. 
Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She 
is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche 
Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists, Alternatives (Americas), responsible for 
managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor 
relations for Paul Capital, serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum 
Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking 
at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor, 
Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamonti (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan, Francesco works 
with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible 
for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he 
worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, 
Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level 
professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the 
origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations, finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 
eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice 
President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
EFTA01395950
--- PAGE 194 ---
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a 
MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO Based in New York, Katie is the 
Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the 
SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, 
Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. She began her 
career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loidl (32), Vice President. Based in London, Victoria is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria 
graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London, Devrup is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 
five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF 
Business. From 2008 to 2012, Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated 
from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance, 
summa cum laude, from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is 
currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395951
--- PAGE 195 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Ferneini (34), Vice President. Based in London, Philippe is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining 
Glendower Capital, Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in 
the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School 
(Diplome d'Ingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smirnova (31), Vice President 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on 
origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets 
business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration 
with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President — Finance. Based in London, Louise is 
responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for 
in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management 
Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance, a 
with the SOF team previously from 2011 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom 
(lions) in Accounting Sciences in 2003, 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
transaction team in valuing, executing and 
of Business and a Master of Engineering 
. Based in London, Elena is responsible 
the management company structure and 
functions for the platform. Prior to 
registered charity. Louise worked 
to 
EFTA01395952
--- PAGE 196 ---
monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. Jonathan graduated 
from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, 
having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and 
spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports 
the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring 
of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from 
Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction 
team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior 
to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheldon holds a MSc in 
Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale 
Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team 
members will be recruited over the coming six 
months: Investment Team Associate, London; Tax Vice President, New York; and 
a Fund Controller Associate, New 
York. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395953
--- PAGE 197 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395954
--- PAGE 198 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an 
investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. To the extent that 
there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will 
prevail. 
******** 
The Fund 
Investment Objective 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private 
fund limited 
partnership. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed 
opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target 
globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established 
generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and 
other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, 
a "Fund 
Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity 
fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke 
liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) co 
investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-
investment, a 
"Single Asset Deal"). Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset 
Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects 
that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at 
least four years. 
The General Partner 
EFTA01395955
--- PAGE 199 ---
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company, will serve as a general partner of 
the Fund (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint 
the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (the 
"Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in 
accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the 
business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
"Manager") is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under 
the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the "AIFMD") and its 
implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management 
and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and 
negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and 
advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and 
disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AIFM" (as defined in the AIFMD) and will 
assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion 
of the General 
Partner and the Second GP, will take all actions in respect of the Fund that 
constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will 
satisfy from the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395956
--- PAGE 200 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
("Glendower U.S."), to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment 
management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-
advisory 
agreement. 
Commitments 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ("Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion, although the General Partner may accept aggregate 
Commitments less than, 
or in excess of, this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not 
exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest, a prospective Limited Partner must 
execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to 
satisfy its "customer 
due diligence" obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a 
subscription for an 
Interest. 
Minimum Commitment The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund 
(collectively, the "Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP, the 
"Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser 
amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 
0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the 
Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an "Advance"). 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and 
Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the "Team Investment") indirectly through the Special 
Limited Partner (as 
defined below). The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the 
aggregate 
Commitments. 
Closings 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the "First 
Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more 
EFTA01395957
--- PAGE 201 ---
additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First 
Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 
months after the 
First Closing (the "Final Admission Date"), provided that, if on the 15 
month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel 
Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date 
shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 
billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of 
the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each 
a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner") generally will participate in the investments, if any, 
made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally 
contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the 
Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at 
the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date 
of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to 
take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Drawdowns 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to 
pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, 
generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395958
--- PAGE 202 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, 
and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following 
occurs (the 
"Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period 
following a key 
person event (as described below)) After the end of the Investment Period, 
the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to 
make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment, (b) complete investments that were 
in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (c) fund follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate 
amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down 
Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's 
Share. 
Reinvestment 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be 
drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment 
received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but 
only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment; (ii) following 
the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in "Investment 
Period" above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for 
the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals; and (iii) 
distributions made 
EFTA01395959
--- PAGE 203 ---
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of 
the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund 
expenses. 
Key Person Event 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the "Key 
Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified 
replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key 
Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles 
Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially 
all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as 
defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary 
Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the "Permitted 
Activities"). The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 664j% 
in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified 
replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being 
suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be 
automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially 
all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the 
Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66ges in interest of 
the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances 
described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Diversification 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) 
no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395960
--- PAGE 204 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund 
Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary, (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base 
invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a 
primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been 
drawn down, 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested 
in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
"Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, 
an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate 
Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an 
amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing 
of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be 
outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the 
Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The 
Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from 
investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in 
portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for 
such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging 
arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings 
including its 
EFTA01395961
--- PAGE 205 ---
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be 
incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured 
by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
Hedging 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, 
interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of 
derivative transactions, 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit 
share (the "General 
Partner's Share"). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share 
quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other 
proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and 
each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable 
Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b) the commitment (or 
equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor; 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the 
Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn 
down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested 
in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an 
investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395962
--- PAGE 206 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund's "Invested Capital"); and 
(iii) for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term 
(including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share 
attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately 
preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), 
and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to 
each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the 
Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be 
equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its 
commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General 
Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 
"Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees." 
"Applicable Points" means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment 
(or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than 
US$50 million, zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or 
more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$100 million 
or more but less than US$150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis 
points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
"Legacy Investor" means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct 
commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing 
or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment 
to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the 
Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following 
EFTA01395963
--- PAGE 207 ---
Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, 
distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with 
respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such 
portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each 
Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time; 
(ii) Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal 
rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third, 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the "Special 
Limited Partner") 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner, 
12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the 
Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over (ii) the Advances of such 
Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited 
Partner. 
"Carried Interest" means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited 
Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of the Fund will be made in cash or 
marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395964
--- PAGE 208 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted 
securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the 
Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the 
manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will 
not be subject to 
Carried Interest. 
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required 
to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent 
that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as 
Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions" above) applied on an aggregate basis 
covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited 
Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received 
by the Special 
Limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of 
the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an 
aggregate amount 
not to exceed US$2,500,000, plus amounts in respect of applicable value 
added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees, 
will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the 
General 
Partner's Share. 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all 
normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund, 
including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in 
connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including 
EFTA01395965
--- PAGE 209 ---
without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase, structuring, holding and 
sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed); expenses incurred in connection 
with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of 
accountants, counsel, 
administrators, depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax 
filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting; 
litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will 
be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment 
opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any 
broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal 
expenses; provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-
up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
Transaction, Break-Up 
and Other Fees 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates 
may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees, 
advisory fees, break-up 
fees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the 
members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any 
related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the 
Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be 
applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated 
among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by 
each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if 
necessary. 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three 
voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the "Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member 
of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an 
investor in any 
EFTA01395966
--- PAGE 210 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395967
--- PAGE 211 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor 
affiliated with the 
General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel 
Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to 
appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as 
the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at 
least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, 
the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult 
conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will 
members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 66?1% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the 
General Partner, 
the Second GP, Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital, 
LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar 
investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed 
or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of 
the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its 
Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple 
objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund 
opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Subject to the "Successor 
and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment 
Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, 
of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and 
or before the Final Admission Date at 
with the Manager as to potential 
reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee 
third party investor funds with investment 
but are dedicated to pursuing investment 
or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund"). 
Funds" restrictions described above, the Manager 
vehicles, including Complementary 
the "Investment Platforms"), some 
investment committee members with 
EFTA01395968
--- PAGE 212 ---
those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the 
Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with 
its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable 
investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, 
regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their 
Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require, 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the 
Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a 
Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance 
with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited 
quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year 
only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. Limited Partners will also receive 
such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes 
to leverage, 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the 
opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment 
activities and 
portfolio. 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports 
regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an 
amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" 
below for 
inter alia, the prior written 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395969
--- PAGE 213 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
Alternative Vehicles 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in 
its sole 
discretion. 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct 
the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more 
alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle") if, in the judgment of the 
Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and 
would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Alternative Vehicle 
generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund 
(except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will 
be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses 
of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of 
determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General 
Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination 
that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
Parallel Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds 
(each a 
"Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. Any 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially 
similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an 
affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds 
which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate 
the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors 
in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant 
Parallel Fund, as the 
EFTA01395970
--- PAGE 214 ---
case may be. 
Side Letters 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or 
vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more 
Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for 
example, reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or 
altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a "Side 
Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the 
terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient 
than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic 
arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of 
particular investments, 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund, (iv) transfer to affiliates, (v) co-
investment opportunities, 
(vi) withdrawal events, (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution 
processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling 
a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election 
to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's 
pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future 
investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's 
investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely 
with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or 
transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) 
notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. Any additional rights 
established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter 
with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a 
Commitment equal to 
EFTA01395971
--- PAGE 215 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395972
--- PAGE 216 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side 
Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final 
Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective 
affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, 
members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a "Covered Person") will be liable to the 
Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund, except for 
(i) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross 
negligence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) 
any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any 
misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information, advice, 
materials, documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as 
approved 
by, the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material 
adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs 
and expenses, including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or 
become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating 
to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, except to the extent that such claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence, fraud, 
willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited 
Partners where 
EFTA01395973
--- PAGE 217 ---
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the 
General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The 
Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second 
anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 66% in interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of 
the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount 
equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar 
quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or 
investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in 
interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment 
would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the 
Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time 
following any 
material amendments 
Default 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make 
Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, 
including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the 
defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%, and (ii) 8%. 
Term 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject 
to the term being 
EFTA01395974
--- PAGE 218 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395975
--- PAGE 219 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year 
each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager, with the consent of the Fund Advisory 
Committee, for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and 
should not, 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor 
its own share of 
income, gain, losses, deductions and 
The Manager intends that the Fund be 
federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund 
federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S tax 
computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable 
deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether 
by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to 
incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute 
such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. 
As a result, 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. Prospective 
investors, in particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt investors, 
are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax 
consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment in the Fund. 
ERISA Considerations Investment in the Fund is generally open to 
institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs 
and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan 
investors" (within the meaning 
will be liable for tax on 
tax credits of the Fund. 
treated as a partnership for U.S. 
generally will not be subject to U.S. 
will be required to include in 
share of the items of income, gain, loss, 
and to what extent distributions are made 
EFTA01395976
--- PAGE 220 ---
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to 
less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult its own 
advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts 
of interest. 
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks 
and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the 
General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners 
as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & 
Young 
LLP. 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the 
Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to 
any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395977
--- PAGE 221 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited, an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will 
be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior 
to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's 
depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395978
--- PAGE 222 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395979
--- PAGE 223 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395980
--- PAGE 224 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should 
be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and 
the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their 
investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their 
own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Part A — Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity 
to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of 
the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of 
such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to 
the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be 
possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, 
legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically 
provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds, and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due 
diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, 
because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private 
equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries 
may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common 
investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the 
portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may, among other 
things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that 
underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund 
EFTA01395981
--- PAGE 225 ---
in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may fail to 
meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other 
Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven 
investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such 
management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each 
underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-
to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395982
--- PAGE 226 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio 
companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse 
financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or 
deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct 
or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a 
substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have 
experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new 
developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase 
and sale price of assets, and accordingly, 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or 
dispose of investments, the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such 
investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities 
of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely 
to be particularly risky, they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, 
payments to the underlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the 
Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a 
preferential payment. 
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early 
stage venture capital investments, which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of 
investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven 
technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. These companies often face intense 
competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical 
resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified personnel. To the extent there is a public 
market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The 
indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative 
EFTA01395983
--- PAGE 227 ---
and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments There can be no 
assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (if any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying 
funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore 
impact the valuation analysis of the Fund. 
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, 
will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly 
illiquid compared to other asset classes, and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the 
investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although 
there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for 
secondaries. Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The 
Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in 
portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such 
interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395984
--- PAGE 228 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be 
able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-
related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and 
real estate-related assets are subject to various 
risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic 
conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes 
in the availability or terms of financing, changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating 
expenses, environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, 
energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to 
acquire properties, risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of 
certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes 
or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose 
management and/or administrative costs, 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to 
the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to 
invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those 
underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in 
secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondaries 
transaction, such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest More specifically, 
where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund 
recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are 
attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund 
While the Fund may, in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, 
there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
EFTA01395985
--- PAGE 229 ---
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly 
independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying 
funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whole they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and 
expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on 
the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive 
incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying 
funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect 
offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will 
invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse 
against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management 
or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by 
reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395986
--- PAGE 230 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will 
generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into 
side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full 
prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Fund's term or otherwise. Although 
the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may 
have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B — Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty 
of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-
term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid, and there can be no assurance 
that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such 
investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund 
will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities 
Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that 
complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest 
generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject 
of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. 
only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a 
poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The 
performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by 
the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who 
have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is 
no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the 
to the greatest risk 
Since the Fund may 
high degree of risk, 
EFTA01395987
--- PAGE 231 ---
transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of 
the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms 
and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently, Investors 
should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of 
the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to 
Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of 
the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal 
rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the 
performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of 
dispositions, including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant 
uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the 
actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be 
valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395988
--- PAGE 232 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the 
control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns 
will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially 
affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may, directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are 
believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There 
can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the 
Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, 
borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection 
with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with 
borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the 
case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio 
held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to 
perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any 
such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and 
principal payments on the Fund's borrowings, 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of 
cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has 
deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or 
secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from 
drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn 
capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on 
subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched" together into larger, less 
EFTA01395989
--- PAGE 233 ---
frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money 
from such credit facilities. Any such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short-term in nature. 
The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net 
multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the 
preferred return, which will begin accruing when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or 
interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of 
accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carried interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return 
that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to 
borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. As a general matter, use of borrowings in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the 
Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of 
the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance 
data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current 
position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395990
--- PAGE 234 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as 
representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has 
not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AIMR) standards. No 
assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. 
Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns 
which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund 
depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the 
Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment 
opportunities against other investors, including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or 
the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial 
and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund, (ii) may make competing offers for investment 
opportunities that are identified by the Fund, 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by 
the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities 
available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be 
unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to 
acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that 
they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance 
that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to 
invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return 
objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not 
be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment 
objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of 
the Fund, including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and 
obligations of the Fund, Investors must rely 
EFTA01395991
--- PAGE 235 ---
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements, 
the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise, conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and 
expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance 
that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) 
throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the 
Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to 
discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Funds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful 
operation, and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive 
experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. 
Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's 
investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in "History" in Section 1: Executive Summary of this 
Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395992
--- PAGE 236 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at 
Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the 
SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser 
were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution, and, in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or 
otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. 
Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid 
investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political 
and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability 
of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will 
be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a 
lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly illiquid 
investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make 
distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in 
the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there 
is not a readily available public market, 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions 
or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and failure to 
do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation 
forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be 
unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when 
due. As a result, the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely 
affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been 
EFTA01395993
--- PAGE 237 ---
invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be 
reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments 
including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations 
under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund 
to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an 
Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investor's 
undrawn commitment to the Fund), during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment 
Period. 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection 
of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and 
other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment 
and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. 
No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or 
that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395994
--- PAGE 238 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. 
The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of 
private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables, and limited sources of useful 
valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore 
may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations 
will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be 
realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the 
amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation 
uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not, register as an investment company 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), and, accordingly, the 
provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority 
of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the 
securities of any other person and marked to clearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and 
regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional or 
unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local 
source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its 
subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable 
presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests, there is a risk that the 
relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any 
of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or 
EFTA01395995
--- PAGE 239 ---
such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD") 
together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as 
base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS 
with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating 
a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the BEPS project it is anticipated that new rules 
dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed 
will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a 
material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting 
and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the 
BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS, the European Council has 
adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect 
from no later than either January 1, 2019, 
January 1, 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member 
State. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395996
--- PAGE 240 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that 
result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some 
cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of 
investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the 
Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the 
Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in 
jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in 
which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund, its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation 
treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or 
any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to 
efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face 
unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any 
investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with 
reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to 
permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities 
resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund 
depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its 
investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. The ability of the Manager and its 
affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive 
incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is 
recognized by an investment partnership and 
EFTA01395997
--- PAGE 241 ---
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., 
carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any 
professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were 
enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. 
This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals, 
which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30, 
2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be 
committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its 
investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits 
criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and 
catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01395998
--- PAGE 242 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or 
partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion 
facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent 
associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (ii) consider the offence in respect of the 
Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the 
Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-
investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the 
Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint 
ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager 
will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, 
structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may 
be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's 
objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where 
the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project, the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-
venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the 
Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, 
co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's 
investments. Any such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to 
Investors. In addition, the Fund may coinvest 
with other parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. 
Under such circumstances, there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such 
co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. 
In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
EFTA01395999
--- PAGE 243 ---
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate 
in existing investments of the Fund, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. Although such Investors will 
contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will 
reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify, and hold harmless, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on 
behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers, directors, employees, managers, agents of any of the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly 
or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory 
Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that 
such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, 
agents and other representatives); and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who 
serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and 
against any liabilities, actions, proceedings, 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by 
reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund, unless such liabilities, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, demands 
and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire 
investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be 
required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain 
limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396000
--- PAGE 244 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term 
instruments pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term 
investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying 
private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio 
companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the 
Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. Any 
decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative 
impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio 
company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company 
or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the 
portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the 
contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. The Fund may also be required to indemnify the 
purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure 
documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which 
might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect 
that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that 
they have received distributions from the Fund, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to 
return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which 
they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund, including any investments made by the Fund, are 
available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties 
seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular 
assets, such as the asset representing the 
EFTA01396001
--- PAGE 245 ---
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund 
disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, 
suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting 
Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required 
to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the 
information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to 
detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the 
Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. In addition, the 
Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; 
however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments, and the Fund may 
incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396002
--- PAGE 246 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in 
countries that are considered "emerging markets". 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in 
emerging markets countries. For example, 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory 
restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private 
investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, 
and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and 
regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change 
or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in 
countries outside the United States, the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. 
In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ 
significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The 
evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the 
Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect 
investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax 
resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently 
realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be 
undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the 
underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such 
organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees, the repatriation of 
capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their 
fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special 
General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the 
their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager 
counsel to the Manager and the 
Fund invests in connection with 
and the General Partner have 
EFTA01396003
--- PAGE 247 ---
acknowledged and agreed that, in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, as counsel to an underlying private 
equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a 
conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain 
additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors 
as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner. 
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as 
a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges 
under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the 
jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially 
more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such 
an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdown notice, which may have adverse 
consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396004
--- PAGE 248 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements 
with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a "Side Letter"). Any such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner 
to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in 
the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. Any such terms, including with respect to (i) 
reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates, (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, 
(iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be 
more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a 
Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to 
increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing 
economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of 
entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that, in recent years, the stability of certain 
financial markets has significantly deteriorated, certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit 
has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain 
circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's 
investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of 
economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price 
of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to 
provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity 
and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be 
highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
EFTA01396005
--- PAGE 249 ---
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly 
than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants 
in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation: Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's 
investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any 
instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could 
increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could 
also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., 
infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to 
other assets, such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sell certain 
investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash 
available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. 
Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. 
However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover 
increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services 
provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues 
generated by, and so the value of, such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating 
costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396006
--- PAGE 250 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return 
to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and 
credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the 
number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic 
constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid, preventing the 
Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may 
also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt 
obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an 
investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in 
U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and, as a result, 
the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will 
incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar 
revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to 
reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance, however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to 
enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may 
involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference 
currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars, their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the 
value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of 
converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a 
view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years, disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant 
decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a 
tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to 
obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund 
EFTA01396007
--- PAGE 251 ---
on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically 
require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price, these conditions may adversely affect the availability 
of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability 
to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the 
debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd -
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, 
such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory 
capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing, scope and cumulative effect of these 
regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to 
borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the 
Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, 
and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds, including changes to existing laws and regulations 
and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market 
commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments 
held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to 
alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative 
investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/-
or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms 
become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced 
scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures 
may be implemented. Therefore, there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396008
--- PAGE 252 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives 
will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its 
objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the 
Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets 
in which they operate and invest or the 
counterparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation 
or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, 
the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with 
future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave 
the European Union ("Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is 
entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable 
of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit, other European countries may seek to 
conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and 
others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European 
Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset 
management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund 
and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact 
opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or 
assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, 
including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private 
fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship 
with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an 
adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. 
EFTA01396009
--- PAGE 253 ---
Brexit may result in significant market dislocation, 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market 
risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in part to redenomination of financial assets and 
liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which 
may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and 
its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group 
dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK, meaning that instead 
the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of 
VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be 
related to changes in market conditions, the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law 
enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions, particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, 
the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to 
disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager 
may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its 
arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain 
information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors 
to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti-money laundering 
steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396010
--- PAGE 254 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor 
must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered. 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may 
provide to each Investor statements, reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's 
Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website ("Electronic Communications"). Electronic 
Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible 
with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of 
inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent 
receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service 
providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications 
systems to conduct business functions. 
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that 
could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General 
Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and 
protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, 
unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these 
systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within 
these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service 
providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the 
Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's 
systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss 
or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated 
with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their 
respective service providers to incur 
EFTA01396011
--- PAGE 255 ---
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or 
financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted so-called 
"pay-to-play" laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain 
contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments 
by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things, prohibit an investment adviser from 
providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such 
investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If 
the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their 
respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an 
adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in 
connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative 
returns, estimates, objectives, beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for 
illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a 
prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible 
to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. 
Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking 
information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and 
legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396012
--- PAGE 256 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information. 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR 
CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR 
PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396013
--- PAGE 257 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396014
--- PAGE 258 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager 
and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. 
The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an 
investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be 
deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived 
any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such 
conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect 
to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and 
certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been 
advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is, or may reasonably be, 
prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case, where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable 
transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential 
conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of 
the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the 
Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
Any broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment 
opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co-
investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest 
EFTA01396015
--- PAGE 259 ---
personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions 
may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the 
U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create 
an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make 
in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts 
of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the 
determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396016
--- PAGE 260 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund 
may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be 
the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the 
short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. 
A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the 
Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, 
with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund 
and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure 
of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in 
which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any 
duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396017
--- PAGE 261 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396018
--- PAGE 262 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396019
--- PAGE 263 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFMD73 
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held 
by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance 
with the UK AIFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 
820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation 
techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the 
investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a 
valuation committee (the "Valuation 
Committee") to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant 
investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual 
Investment. Deirdre Davies, the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also 
responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or 
portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Manager's portfolio management activities, and the 
Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may 
arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has 
sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
policy and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance 
obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Manager's valuation policy will be periodically 
assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies 
established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, 
amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-à-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a "closed-ended AIF" (as defined in the AIFMD) and the 
EFTA01396020
--- PAGE 264 ---
Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage. 
Manager's professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance 
policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the 
Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the 
Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
The Manager may provide further information as required under article 23 
of the AIFMD in a supplement to this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396021
--- PAGE 265 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"private fund limited partnership". The Fund Partnership Agreement will be 
governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership 
Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of 
adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that 
the courts of England and Wales have nonexclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the 
General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will 
become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited 
partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the dayto-day 
operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is 
actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in 
which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter 
alia, be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English 
law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by 
fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will 
disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the "Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur "leverage" within the meaning of the AIFMD.74 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "gross method" (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the "Delegated 
Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "commitment method" 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, 
then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the "Periodic 
EFTA01396022
--- PAGE 266 ---
disclosure" paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to 
Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable. 
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a description of how 
the Fund may incur leverage. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396023
--- PAGE 267 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Partner. 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
Any changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
the Fund. 
In each annual report. 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no 
net asset value of the Fund, (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the 
historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged, and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund 
will engage, a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the "Depositary") has been retained 
by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, 
including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping 
of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate 
any part of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention 
as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary 
may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to 
provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is 
delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
EFTA01396024
--- PAGE 268 ---
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary 
will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager, the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the 
depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, 
wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of 
the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396025
--- PAGE 269 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered 
and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in 
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. 
only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement 
representations, including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a 
view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests 
for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or nonU.S. 
securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is 
extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the 
General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have 
triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation D but occurred before the rule's effective date, 
September 23, 2013, including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General 
Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
"In September 2008, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ("CSSU") reached an 
agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities 
Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment 
products generally known as 
"auction rate securities." Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's 
consent, a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in 
dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to 
supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to $550 
million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of $15 million. 
Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing." 
EFTA01396026
--- PAGE 270 ---
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to 
Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement 
agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
"Beginning in 2011, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Raymond James 
Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively "Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, 
the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or 
engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant 
state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that 
Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately 
characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with 
these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the 
risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to 
ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately 
described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to 
purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have 
completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders, Raymond 
James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing." 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396027
--- PAGE 271 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of 
more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, 
these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to 
acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, 
arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances, the Fund may be required to aggregate 
its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on 
behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, 
together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect 
to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class 
of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of 
directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for 
short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the 
short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. 
and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the 
Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment 
Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not 
limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose 
outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by "qualified purchasers," as defined under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require 
that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and 
undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the 
U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in 
EFTA01396028
--- PAGE 272 ---
offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an "Eligible Non-U.S. Investor") 
or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an "Eligible U.S. Investor") (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. 
Investors, together, "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject 
to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that 
would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab initio 
and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder 
of an Interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such 
Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to 
avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act; however, under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), 
only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the 
Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). 
Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill 
or training nor does it imply any endorsement, 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396029
--- PAGE 273 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with 
the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity 
pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose 
interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public 
in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest 
positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail 
forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined 
at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's 
portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, 
that, in the case of an option that is in-themoney 
at the time of purchase, the in-the-money amount as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such 
positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation 
value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it 
has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a 
disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon 
the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently, the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this 
offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans 
that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of 
Labor ("DOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their 
legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider 
their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently 
and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should 
consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
EFTA01396030
--- PAGE 274 ---
standards under ERISA, (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the 
prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in light of 
limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the 
appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the 
investment will give rise to a "prohibited 
transaction" within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the 
Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA 
acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a "publicly 
offered security" nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment 
of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided 
underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (i) ownership of each class of 
entity by "Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 
such class of equity interest then outstanding, 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest 
in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "25% Test"), or (ii) 
the entity is an "operating company," including 
a "venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a "plan, account or arrangement" within 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Company Act, the assets 
interest in each of the 
equity interest in the 
25% of the total value of 
EFTA01396031
--- PAGE 275 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan 
assets" by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of 
which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not 
satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of 
the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity 
interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets 
(or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in 
compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
ERISA. In this connection, the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the 
withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required 
to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions 
of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried 
interest set forth in Section 6: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
"eligible indirect compensation" for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA 
should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in 
the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion 
does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on 
laws, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), regulations and other authorities in effect 
as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The U.S. 
EFTA01396032
--- PAGE 276 ---
federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among other things, significant 
issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the 
case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities, life 
insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors), with reference to any special issues that investment in 
the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor 
in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S 
federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its 
distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit It is possible 
that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such 
Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to 
file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax 
return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new 
partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the 
event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit 
procedures, the "Partnership Audit Rules"). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396033
--- PAGE 277 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, an audit resulting in 
an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of 
any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment, may 
be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be 
required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such 
Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the 
adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the 
adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to 
each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such 
person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or, in 
the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other flow-through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required 
to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a PushOut 
Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting 
underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise 
be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit 
procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will 
not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in nonU.S. 
corporations treated as "passive foreign investment companies" ("PFICs"). A 
U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an 
interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest 
charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor 
(or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a "qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with 
EFTA01396034
--- PAGE 278 ---
respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's 
current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and 
ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by 
a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the 
receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect 
to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report 
with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations" ("CFCs"). A U.S. 
Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. 
Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a 
CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through 
Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income 
to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund 
Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and 
source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Restrictions on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is 
anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as 
miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is 
an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be 
permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 
2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. 
In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business ("Operating Partnerships"), the "passive activity loss" rules, 
the "at-risk" rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such 
investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396035
--- PAGE 279 ---
EFTA01396036
--- PAGE 280 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational 
expenses rateably over 15 years, or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering 
expenses, including placement fees. A noncorporate 
taxpayer is not permitted to deduct "investment interest" expense in excess 
of "net investment income." This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-
corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investor's investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such 
investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for "business interest" may be subject to 
further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed 
under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors 
may be able to deduct a portion of any 
"qualified business income" arising from certain trades or businesses held 
by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, 
the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make 
investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to 
provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. 
Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans, are subject to the tax on unrelated 
business taxable income ("UBTI"). UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried 
on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness, and certain insurance income received from or 
attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for 
purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, 
including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) 
borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a 
result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General 
Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor 
in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential 
EFTA01396037
--- PAGE 281 ---
tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker" structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations applicable to a nonresident 
alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment 
in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to 
non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, 
former U.S. citizens or residents, and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a "tax home" in the U.S. Non-U.S. 
Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion 
assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., has and will 
have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not 
been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends, etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest 
(subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in 
a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) "engaged in 
trade or business within the United States" is itself considered to be 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a 
non-U.S. corporation, the "branch profits" tax), 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its 
income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business ("ECI"). A non-U.S. 
person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its ECI may subsequently be precluded from 
claiming deductions related to the ECI and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain 
Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396038
--- PAGE 282 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
ECI. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S., the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, 
and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business 
determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation 
U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying 
Investor's share of the net income of 
Operating Partnership); and 
• 
(whether or 
gain, loss, deduction 
not distributed) as 
rules) generally applicable to 
U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. 
the 
non-
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the 
disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the 
disposition of and interest in the Fund, in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-U.S. Investor's share of 
any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting 
from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such 
fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S. 
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a 
rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion 
of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as ECI, the proceeds 
of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It 
is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that 
Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a 
refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits 
tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the "dividend equivalent amount" of a non-U.S. corporation, which is 
approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's earnings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated 
as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI 
for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced 
rates of, the branch profits tax for "qualified 
EFTA01396039
--- PAGE 283 ---
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the 
non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the 
Fund may offer a "blocker" structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. 
If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 
"United States real property holding corporation" 
("USRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of 
such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch 
profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. 
Investors may be required to file Form 8865, 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, 
reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to 
the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses, deductions and credits to the Investor 
and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required 
to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers 
of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to 
disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. 
Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to "reportable transactions" are 
applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments), Investors that are 
required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain 
Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain 
documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest 
is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an 
Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain 
types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396040
--- PAGE 284 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction 
undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to 
comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional 
reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt 
Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax 
consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return 
filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in 
Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return 
reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. 
Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state 
and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating 
to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this 
Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each 
Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the 
tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited 
partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be 
operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These 
characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such 
that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading 
rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the 
EFTA01396041
--- PAGE 285 ---
following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate 
taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead, the income and capital gains or losses of the 
Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally 
regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which 
reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated 
as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look 
through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own 
share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains 
in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of 
the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the 
assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part 
of a trade (e.g., financial traders, such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK 
through a UK representative, which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances, 
the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income 
tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership 
tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported 
in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396042
--- PAGE 286 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly, HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to 
disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer 
reference ("UTR") number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should, therefore, be aware that an investment in the 
Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue & Customs or (b) provide the General Partner 
with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may 
be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns. 
Taxation of UK resident investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax 
purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance 
with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on 
the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax 
purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on 
some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the 
detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on 
dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a 
£5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received 
directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Fund's investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject 
to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5,000 to £2,000 
from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% 
for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e.g., debenture interest) received 
directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax 
liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any 
such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an 
appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of 
EFTA01396043
--- PAGE 287 ---
UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its 
interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be 
treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising 
on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal 
proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against 
any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets, may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire 
such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this 
effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive 
distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an 
Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors, 
there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the 
assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the 
market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the 
asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be 
applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different 
considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396044
--- PAGE 288 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"Offshore Fund Rules") may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 
"offshore fund." The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that 
the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an 
Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as 
income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as 
a "reporting fund" or "non-reporting fund" 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily 
resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made 
an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies 
should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be "controlled foreign companies" for UK tax 
purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies 
and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee 
company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an 
apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be 
treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets, including 
those which are subject to the "loan relationship" 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009, generally on a basis 
reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, 
gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. An Investor's actual share 
in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the 
Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax 
on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax 
on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from 
such income at source. Interest income 
EFTA01396045
--- PAGE 289 ---
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. 
Certain Investors may, however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK 
resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with 
which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK 
resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
return to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, 
certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an 
Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK 
and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not 
normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may, however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an 
individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of 
absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who 
holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade, whether carried on within or outside the UK, to whom 
different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited 
partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. 
This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in 
relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust 
or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the 
trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396046
--- PAGE 290 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
FATCA and other international disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance ("FATCA"), a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed 
in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018, of property that can produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31, 2018 (or, if later, the date on which 
the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments" are published) by certain foreign financial 
institutions (such as banks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to 
withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as 
"attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 
intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IGA") 
relating to FATCA, and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations 
to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, 
the "UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the 
Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information 
about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. 
Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA 
withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not 
distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status 
to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not 
subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental 
agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any "substantial" U.S. 
owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such 
entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor 
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor"). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to 
provide such information and documentation and 
EFTA01396047
--- PAGE 291 ---
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related 
entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other 
non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these 
requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner 
for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with 
the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an 
Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an 
Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA. 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application 
of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In 
addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the 
United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on 
the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such 
reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each 
Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an 
Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with 
any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and 
Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or 
investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396048
--- PAGE 292 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce 
or eliminate certain of these taxes. Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with 
respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations. 
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be 
withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be 
treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent 
that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor 
shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a 
distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of 
an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle. The tax consequences in the case of an 
alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax 
adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396049
--- PAGE 293 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396050
--- PAGE 294 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396051
--- PAGE 295 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the 
purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy 
itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition, 
holding and disposition of an Interest, including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other 
formality prescribed in such jurisdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and 
no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for 
that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal 
requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some 
legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional 
confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with 
the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor 
or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor 
may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing 
of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents, where such disclosure would violate the securities 
laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM 
is the Manager, itself an EU AIFM. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, 
this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Interests, shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member 
state of the European Economic Area that 
are "professional investors". For these purposes, a "professional investor" 
is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may, on request, be treated as a professional 
client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
EFTA01396052
--- PAGE 296 ---
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place 
(in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying 
as "professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA"). Accordingly, prospective investors should 
acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing 
to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the "FIN-
FSA") in accordance with the AFMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities" as defined in the SMA, based 
on the exemptions set forth in the SMA, the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements 
of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an 
investment firm (Fi: sijoituspalveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki, 747/2012, as 
amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private 
information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. 
This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed 
publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as 
defined above in the EEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors" but not to "private 
investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396053
--- PAGE 297 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Act (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch)). 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or 
indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that 
are professional investors (professionele 
beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing 
regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is 
subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by 
Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made 
available, nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than 
under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act 
(1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund 
in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds 
(Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered 
hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act 
(2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013, as amended 
(the "AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the 
purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the 
United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD 
Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by 
the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 
of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no 
EFTA01396054
--- PAGE 298 ---
disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Corporations Act"). Any offer of the Interests does not 
purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act 
and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a "wholesale client", a "sophisticated investor" or a 
"professional investor" (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as 
a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be, and is not required to be, lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made, and any financial services in connection with the 
interests will be provided, in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement 
to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The 
Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the 
Central Bank of Bahrain. This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for 
the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the 
performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396055
--- PAGE 299 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the 
applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities 
Commission (Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained 
herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be 
passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and, as such, it is not 
and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an invitation or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for 
any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This 
Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular, notice or other materials issued in connection therewith, shall 
not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used 
by, the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales, and 
allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have 
not been delivered to, registered with, 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam, the 
authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order, 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other 
law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The 
recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law, 
tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province 
or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited 
Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to 
Limited Partners purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as 
defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and are permitted clients, as defined in 
EFTA01396056
--- PAGE 300 ---
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of 
Offshore Securities (el Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance 
Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other 
offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile, other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a 
private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act (la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (an offer that is not 
"addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests, whether 
by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, 
distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC, and the Interests may not be offered, distributed 
or resold to the public in the PRC, or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC, without compliance with PRC 
law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not 
include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public 
offer in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396057
--- PAGE 301 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be 
registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (el Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) 
maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed 
on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and 
regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, 
the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia, except under circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is 
provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The 
Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is 
carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion 
of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not 
financial products, (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (iii) 
do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in 
particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated 
in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance 
with any such laws and regulations. In addition, 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any 
responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or 
permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, 
sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund, 
which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the "DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the 
offering or the Interests have been approved, 
EFTA01396058
--- PAGE 302 ---
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or 
verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, document or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, 
neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify 
the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult 
an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are 
"Professional Clients" for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a minimum subscription of 
at least US$50,000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and 
must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a "Retail Client" for the 
purposes of, and as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396059
--- PAGE 303 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been 
delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 1987, and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of public offer in the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being 
made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and 
Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means 
of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an 
offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or 
distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not 
be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than 
to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Israeli 
Securities Law"). 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own 
examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not 
been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the 
avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
EFTA01396060
--- PAGE 304 ---
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under 
the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the "Israeli 
Investment Advising Law"). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited 
Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws 
of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli 
Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests, a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund 
that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and 
sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale 
to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to 
the legal, tax, financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in 
the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or 
resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be 
aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396061
--- PAGE 305 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the 
application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 
2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation 
since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2, paragraph 3, item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified 
institutional investor (a "QII") as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3, item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order 
regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons 
other than (i) QIIs or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law ("Qualified Non-QIIs"). 
The number of Qualified Non-QIIs in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests 
shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the 
FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers 
article 234-2, paragraph 2, item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the 
General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QII may be made to persons other 
than QIIs. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-QII in Japan may be made except for the transfer 
by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially 
Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors, etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-
called, the "QII-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-
targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its 
recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by 
accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient 
elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. 
Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. 
An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other 
market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should 
EFTA01396062
--- PAGE 306 ---
read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights 
relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan, this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) 
No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, 
Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The 
Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other 
relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or 
public offering is, therefore, restricted 
in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of 
the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used 
to offer or market the Interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor 
(inversionista institucional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista calificado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities 
Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
"Securities Market Law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry 
of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any 
means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market 
Law and its regulations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the 
solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, 
offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396063
--- PAGE 307 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico, and any 
resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to 
Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all 
claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destinataire du present document reconnait avoir une parfaite maitrise de 
l'anglais et renonce a tout recours fonde 
sur une mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or 
subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any 
statutory modification or re-enactment of, or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) ("FMC Act"). Accordingly: 
(i) 
(ii) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in 
New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 
of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an "investment business"; 
(b) meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of 
Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(c) 
is "large"; or 
(d) 
is a government agency, 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the 
Interests, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this 
Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests, in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your 
information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. 
EFTA01396064
--- PAGE 308 ---
This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as 
amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the "Executive Regulations"). 
The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a 
licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of 
Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in 
or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to 
the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to 
constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The 
recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or 
approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or 
any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman, nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, 
the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the 
Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient 
of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive 
Regulations) and has such experience in business 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396065
--- PAGE 309 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto 
Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
Inversion y sus Sociedades Administradoras or under Decreto Legislativo 861: 
Ley del Mercado de Valores (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors 
only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the 
Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro Public) 
del Mercado de Valores) maintained by, and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the 
Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in 
the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically 
intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be 
treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the 
Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment fund or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an investment 
company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or 
approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or 
difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Any distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such 
recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except 
to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority 
(the "CMA"). 
EFTA01396066
--- PAGE 310 ---
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents 
of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor 
may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the 
recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396067
--- PAGE 311 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting 
investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of 
this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea, including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial 
Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC") in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea, and the Interests may not be offered, 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts 
and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory 
Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered 
with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant 
or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. 
There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified 
investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006, as amended ("CISA") and Article 6 of 
the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ("CISO") (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not 
been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents, Fund Documents and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests 
offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of 
Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
EFTA01396068
--- PAGE 312 ---
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute 
related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of 
the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
"Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through 
the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the 
appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and 
other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will 
be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is 
authorized to pass on distribution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of 
the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined 
under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA, banks, 
insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers 
exclusively through a written commissionbased 
investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers 
or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the 
recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, 
of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual 
amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396069
--- PAGE 313 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund to the investor requiring information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners 
(including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs 
incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid 
from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the 
basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and 
demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by 
way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been 
approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed 
or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a 
foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates 
(the "UAE"), the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA") or any other authority in the UAE 
(collectively, the "UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory 
Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market, offer or sell the 
Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of 
this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps 
to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not 
been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations 
as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA. 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of 
securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. 
The Interests may not be offered or sold 
EFTA01396070
--- PAGE 314 ---
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be 
consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
(i) 
(ii) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE; or 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund 
and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion 
by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed 
as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker, dealer or advisor under applicable laws of 
the UAE, and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or 
selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE 
investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. This Memorandum is for the information of prospective 
investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering, the Interests, the Fund and 
this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own 
examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396071
--- PAGE 315 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration 
contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to 
the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D 
thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws 
of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only 
and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state 
securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered 
as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396072
--- PAGE 316 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural 
body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below — (B) Notice to Investors that are 
— to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's 
investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners, officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital, LLP assuming responsibility 
as the "data controller" on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that 
from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is 
provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital, LLP (the "Data Controller") will be the "data controller" 
for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service 
providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy 
Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controller may include 
name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), 
tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your 
personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited 
to, (i) in connection with applicable "know your 
client," anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable 
laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate 
with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become 
necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your 
investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's 
administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services, LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any 
bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc 
will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's 
auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
person (e.g., a 
Natural Persons 
is a non-natural person 
EFTA01396073
--- PAGE 317 ---
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset 
thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share your contact details with 
other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the 
United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic 
Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA 
that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of 
America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the 
purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable 
to state at the outset how long that period 
will be; it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and 
may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to 
comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration 
and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in 
the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data; 
• obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the 
purposes for which your personal data 
is being used; (ii) the categories of your personal data being used; (iii) 
to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396074
--- PAGE 318 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will 
be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its 
use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the "ICO") or other 
supervisory authority; and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without 
undue delay; 
• have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain 
circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was 
collected; (ii) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations 
including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully 
but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for 
which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the 
contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has 
transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless 
it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
* 
* 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your 
information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital, LLP 
at 16 Berkeley Street, London, W13 8DZ, 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal 
data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory 
authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: www.ICO.org.uk. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
EFTA01396075
--- PAGE 319 ---
EFTA01396076
--- PAGE 320 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from 
being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any 
designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person 
who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the 
Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of 
any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such 
information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification 
purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investor's subscription for an Interest, and any funds received 
will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager 
or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case 
the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business 
that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must, notwithstanding any 
obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply, report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities 
pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the 
Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if 
necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite 
documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the 
above personal or institutional information 
change, such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) 
and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the 
Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the 
benefit of, any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the "Sanction Regulations"). The 
Manager and its designee may undertake 
EFTA01396077
--- PAGE 321 ---
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations 
and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person 
holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. The Manager also may be 
required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners 
of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a 
person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations, the Manager may be 
obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
EFTA01396078
--- PAGE 322 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25% Test 
Administration 
Agreement 
Advance 
Advisers Act 
AIFMD 
Alternative Vehicle 
Benefit Plan Investor 
BEPS 
Brexit 
Carried Interest 
CFCs 
CFTC 
Closing 
Code 
Commitment 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The administrative services agreement, to be entered into at or around the 
date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
An amount equal to 99.99% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be 
drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund. 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU). 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the 
right, in connection 
with any investment, to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited 
Partners to be made. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Base erosion and profit shifting. 
As defined in Section 7: Risk Factors. 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs 
(iii) and (iv) of 
the "Distributions" paragraph of Section 6: Summary of Principal Terms and 
Conditions. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit 
additional 
Investors. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
A Limited Partner's commitment to the Fund. 
Complementary Fund A multiple third party investor fund with investment 
objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset 
categories or strategies. 
EFTA01396079
--- PAGE 323 ---
Covered Person 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, 
partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them. 
CPO 
Data Controller 
A "commodity pool operator" for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3). 
Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
EFTA01396080
--- PAGE 324 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or 
around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
Deutsche Bank 
DOL 
dollars, US$ or $ 
DPI 
ECI 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
ERISA 
EU AIF 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
FFI 
Final Admission Date 
First Closing 
FMV 
foreign passthru 
payments 
FSMA 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
U.S. dollars. 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
An "alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, 
registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will 
invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The last date on which Investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
EFTA01396081
--- PAGE 325 ---
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
Fair Market Value. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
EFTA01396082
--- PAGE 326 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The advisory committee, comprising representatives of certain Limited 
Partners, established 
by the Fund to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential 
conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters. 
Fund Documents 
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Sponsor 
General Partner 
General Partner's 
Share 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect 
of the Fund. 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund. 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private 
equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund, feeder fund or other similar structure). 
A general partner, manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
The profit share distributed to the General Partner by the Fund. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership. 
Glendower SOF Team As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
GP 
GP-led Secondary 
Gross IRR 
Interest 
Invested Capital 
The general partner, manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying 
investment fund. 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the 
secondary market. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return. 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund. 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited 
Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, 
at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment 
(or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments. 
Investment Committee An investment committee to be established by the 
EFTA01396083
--- PAGE 327 ---
Manager that, inter alia, will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund. 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the 
Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
EFTA01396084
--- PAGE 328 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the 
earliest to occur of 
(i) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date. 
Investment Platforms 
Investment 
Restriction Base 
Investor 
IRS 
Key Persons 
LIBOR 
Limited Partner 
LP 
Manager 
Managing Partners 
Memorandum 
NAV 
Net IRR 
OECD 
Offshore Fund Rules 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) 
sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates. 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 
US$1.75 billion 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination 
and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the aggregate 
Commitments. 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their 
replacements). 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
A limited partner of the Fund. 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Glendower. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith. 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented 
EFTA01396085
--- PAGE 329 ---
from time to 
time. 
As defined in Appendix 5: Important Performance Information. 
Net Internal Rate of Return. 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to 
accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
EFTA01396086
--- PAGE 330 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
QEF 
RVPI 
Sanction Regulations 
SEC 
Second GP 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Collectively UK sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions 
administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for the description of the 
limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners 
which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing 
the General Partner's 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
SOF 
SOF A 
SOF B 
SOF C 
SOF D 
SOF II 
SOF III 
SOF IV or the Fund 
SOF Business 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
Program 
SOF Team 
Special Limited 
Partner 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more 
private equity fund 
sponsors. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A, SOF B and SOF C). 
EFTA01396087
--- PAGE 331 ---
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment 
program. 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III, collectively. 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
EFTA01396088
--- PAGE 332 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Partner 
Team Investment 
Total Value 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
U.S. 
U.S. Adviser 
U.S. IGA 
UBTI 
UK 
UK AIFM Regulation 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First 
Closing. 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or 
employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the 
U S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The United Kingdom. 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
Valuation Committee 
withholdable 
payments 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
EFTA01396089
--- PAGE 333 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions 
to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI, etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts 
net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds' 
carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses. 
Gross multiple: Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ("Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at 
the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is 
based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later 
date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the 
remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or 
negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value ("NAV"): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' 
investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information 
it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying funds. 
Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially 
from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term 
value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized 
appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ("Net IRR"): calculated as a net return and is 
based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the 
value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value 
(positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-in Capital ("RVPI"): Represents the value of the SOF 
Funds investors' interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net 
EFTA01396090
--- PAGE 334 ---
of the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the 
stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI = DPI + RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs 
in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on 
the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners, even in instances where a fund 
or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the 
fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' 
capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross 
IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant 
investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account 
to investors. Therefore, if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly 
from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings, which would shorten the time between such contribution and 
distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis: Any benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of 
the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or 
indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ 
different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
EFTA01396091
--- PAGE 335 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds; (ii) the performance information respect of 
each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or 
accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the 
SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not 
necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche 
Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF 
Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The 
Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations, rules and guidelines, including, 
but not limited to, the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204-2 
thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide 
recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF 
Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment 
performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the 
investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations 
professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted, the performance information contained in this Memorandum 
is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans 
as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not 
representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the 
financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the 
underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they 
have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of 
public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
EFTA01396092
--- PAGE 336 ---
Except where designated as "net," the projected returns and financial 
information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. 
Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive 
distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant 
reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this 
Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such 
factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including 
(without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the 
actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other 
events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained 
herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only 
as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date 
indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may 
ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur 
or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain "forward 
looking statements." These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the plans, projections, 
objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not 
historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant 
uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. 
Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, 
global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
EFTA01396093
--- PAGE 337 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
EFTA01396094
--- PAGE 338 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Special 
Counsel to the 
General 
Partner and 
the Manager 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Gresham Street 
London, EC2V 7NQ 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu, KPMG or 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
(UK) Limited 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
Global 
Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Management Limited 
Regional Placement 
Agents 
Raymond James & 
Associates, Inc. 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
EFTA01396095
--- PAGE 339 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the 
board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman 
Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Alan is also a director of 
Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ("Circumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts 
as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds, private equity funds, 
general partners of limited partnerships, 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and 
various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over 
twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, 
securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. 
He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Florida State University and received his Certified Public Accountant 
certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past 
president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of 
the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of 
the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
Kirsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett 
University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she 
joined Circumference in 2007, where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of 
companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited 
partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in 
the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland, the 
UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private 
equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad 
knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and 
has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S., European and Asian firms. Prior to 
becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client 
EFTA01396096
--- PAGE 340 ---
Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the 
strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. 
Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated 
with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.), 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
EFTA01396097
--- PAGE 341 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: josh.glaser@glendowercapital.com 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: michael.j.murphy@credit-suisse.com 
Europe, MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: carlo.pirzio-biroli@glendowercapital.com 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
EFTA01396098
--- PAGE 342 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
EFTA01396099

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396100.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396100.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: RDC ALERT -
From: Amanda Kirby <amanda.k 
Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2013 12:58:00 
To: Amanda Kirby 
Cc: Andrew Kisz 
PWMUS AMLKYC 
Michael Vila 
Paul Morris 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
[I] 
Is there an update on this alert? Or more that you need from our end? This 
has been nearly a month. Please let me know what else (if anything) is 
required 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24522.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche 
345 Park 
New Y rk 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
Bank Trust Company Americas 
Avenue, 27th Fl 
NY 
-0004 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19549.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
To: 
Andrew Kisz/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
10/28/2013 01:50 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
EFTA01396100
--- PAGE 2 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Andrew, 
Any update on the below? 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05456.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic15974.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
To: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Andrew Kisz/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
10/09/2013 04:50 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: ROC ALERT - 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Andrew, 
This is part of the Jeffrey Epstein relationship. She is named as one of the 
beneficiaries of a trust that he is the Grantor of (Butterfly Trust). She is 
not opening an account and has no authority on the trust account 
EFTA01396101
--- PAGE 3 ---
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26504.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New York, NY, USA, 10154-0004 
Tel 
Fax 
Ema 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11874.gif) 
From: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom 
To: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAmericas 
Date: 
10/09/2013 04:44 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Amanda, 
Is this part of the Jeffrey Epstein relationship or is-opening 
a 
new account? 
Kind regards, 
Andrew Kisz 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17603.gif) 
EFTA01396102
--- PAGE 4 ---
Andrew Kisz 
Associate I AML Compliance Officer 
DB Services New Jersey, Inc. 
Asset & Wealth Management 
5022 Gate Parkwa 
Suite 400, 32256 Jacksonville, USA 
Tel. 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic27589.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom 
To: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAmericas, 
Cc: 
Michael Vila/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Andrew Kisz/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Andrea Klingenberg/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
Date: 
10/08/2013 01:29 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
The attached alert does pertain to our client. 
was accused as a 
co-conspirator in a case but was never brought to trial nor ever convicted. 
She will also never have her own personal account here at DB. The account for 
which she will be associated is a trust account which names her as a 
beneficiary. She will have no authority over this account and will not be a 
client of the bank. Please clear this alert or let me know if you require 
further information (i.e. trust agreement) 
Best, 
Amanda Kirby 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30589.gif) 
Amanda Kirby 
Associate 
EFTA01396103
--- PAGE 5 ---
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 27th Fl 
New 
154-0004 
Tel. 
Fax 
Emai 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21644.gif) 
Forwarded by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom on 10/08/2013 01:25 PM 
From: 
PWM BIS-Research/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
amanda.kirby@db.com, 
Cc: 
PWMUS AMLKYC/db/dbcom@DBAmericas 
Date: 
10/07/2013 03:52 PM 
Subject: 
RDC ALERT - 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello, 
Attached is an alert for the party mentioned above. Please note that 
clearance from compliance is required prior to KYC approval. 
Please follow the instructions below: 
Forward explanation of whether the alert pertains to your client directly to 
compliance. 
Receive confirmation from compliance that alert can be removed from the queue. 
Include copies of all responses along with your KYC. 
[attachmen 
[attachmen 
Thanks, 
Ahsan Manzoor 
Alert l.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
Alert.pdf" deleted by Amanda Kirby/db/dbcom] 
EFTA01396104

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396105.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396105.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396105
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion 
regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation ofan offer to buy an interest in 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying 
Fund") or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which will be furnished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more 
detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and 
conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person 
has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, 
if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in 
any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner ofthe Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors 
should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses 
that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, 
prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and 
expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. 
Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance 
allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk 
characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of 
interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of 
interest are describedmore fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
EFTA01396106
--- PAGE 3 ---
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are 
not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or 
that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of 
investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating 
results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of 
disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all 
ofwhich may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations 
contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any 
management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors, which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual 
performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction ofsuch fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. 
Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the 
additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or 
projection of future performance ofthe Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396107
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect oflowering the net returns experienced by 
an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose ofmaking general market data available as 
a point of reference only. Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be 
available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions 
and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may 
have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors 
who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite 
period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other 
speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional 
investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks 
before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion ofthe investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct 
interestin 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective 
officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee 
or agent of any such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the 
Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
EFTA01396108
--- PAGE 5 ---
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to 
participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund 
or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations 
and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partnersin 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional 
Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has 
endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396109
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally 
include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically 
private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission 
("SEC") and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) 
including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering 
documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may 
not be required by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a 
more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a 
manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment 
strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration ofan entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many 
private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential 
risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used 
excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short 
puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations — Further there have been a number ofhigh profile instances 
where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a 
guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance 
and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed 
carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights 
to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are 
not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary 
market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it 
determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds 
generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
EFTA01396110
--- PAGE 7 ---
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in 
which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the 
fund. In 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information 
from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to 
file its return without requesting an extension of time to file. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack oftax information may result in an investor being taxed 
on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based 
management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing 
may exceed those ofa long-onlymutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager; Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's 
manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity 
fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the 
private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due 
to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place 
your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial 
amount of their investors' money. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396111
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Fund's terms is 
qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access 
Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated 
Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Fee3 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund terms 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
$5 million 
$1.75 billion 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date plus up 
to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
business days' prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date 
An AIFMD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to 
EFTA01396112
--- PAGE 9 ---
the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital 
0.85% of Invested Capital 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capital 
Access Fund* 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), LP 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
$250,000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the 
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-
year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 million 
$3 - <$5 million 
$5 million+6 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
During Investment 
Period4 
1.00% 
EFTA01396113
--- PAGE 10 ---
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years Following 
Investment Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
* Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
Thereafter 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
EFTA01396114
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns 
than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the 
Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory 
Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any 
portion ofthe Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum ofthe Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
ofcapital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations 
reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have 
the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount 
against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund 
expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower 
Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396115
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
2nd QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396116
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, 
for the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain 
existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your 
evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower 
Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF 
IV" or the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is being 
made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or professional advisers who are bound by 
obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis. Any past performance 
information herein is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of 
whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund. This Presentation may not be 
used for and does not constitute an offer to sell, 
or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase any interests or 
to engage in any other transaction. The information in this Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the information contained herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality 
of an investment in the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited Investors & Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal to each offeree and may only be used 
by those persons to whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information 
concerning the Fund. Strictly not for redistribution. 
Please refer to the "Important Information," "Key Definitions," "Important 
Information on the Track Record," "Important Information for Recipients in 
Certain Jurisdictions" and "Notes to Investment 
Performance" sections at the end of this Presentation for further important 
information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the 
performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to "$" or "US$" are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396117
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA01396118
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE 
fund at its inception 
— These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of 
investment 
— They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
— Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires 
the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital 
calls in the future 
— This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any 
time 
— Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less 
efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool 
for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
— The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
— The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called 
GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund 
extensions 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396119
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities) 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate JCurve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows) 
In '000 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
EFTA01396120
--- PAGE 17 ---
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
(1) This information is for discussion purposes and reflects Glendower 
Capital's own analysis. The graph is an example for illustrative purposes 
only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396121
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
— US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
— US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
— Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
— Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
— These deals represent 24% of the market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
— Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
— Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this slide is for illustrative purposes only and 
summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the 
slides in Section 3 "Secondary Market Update" of this presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396122
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396123
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Introduction1,2,3 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned 
by its partners 
— Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset 
Management on August 1st, 2017 
— Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 
billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
— Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows and negligible loss ratio 
— Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall 
program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-
investing strategy pursued since 2006 
— Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers globally 
— Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led 
transactions and single asset deals 
— With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as 
opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as 
prior fund 
— In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 
investors 
— Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
— Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June 
and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
(1) Performance as of September 30, 2017. Mature funds include SOF, SOF D 
and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III; 
(2) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017, and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this 
presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" section in particular 
includes, among other things, a description of the terms used in the 
tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the 
performance described above. Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
expenses, fees and carried interest. Investors should consult with 
their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in 
evaluating this information. Past performance is not a prediction of the 
future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no 
assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target 
results will be achieved. 
(3) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority. The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in total commitments with the 
aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally 
EFTA01396124
--- PAGE 21 ---
in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding 
and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, 
distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets from the 
secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the US and 
Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and 
specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder 
funds and other similar structures) on the secondary market (each such fund 
or structure, a "Fund Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of interests in 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market in transactions 
with greater complexity including spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders (each such investment 
interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) investments in an individual 
portfolio company 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such investment, a "Single 
Asset Deal"). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396125
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 20031 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
Established 
operational 
processes 
— Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
— Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
— Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
— US$3 billion in total client assets2 
— London and New York offices 
— 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
— 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
2003 
— Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
— Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
— Integrated, self-contained processes 
— Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
Team 
raises 
SOF II 
US$614m 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
2005 
2006 
EFTA01396126
--- PAGE 23 ---
2007 
2010 2011 
2014 
2017 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
restructure US$6bn 
Deutsche Bank PE 
proprietary portfolio 
Team 
raises 
SOF 
US$565m 
Team 
raises 
SOF D 
US$147m3 
Team 
raises 
SOF III 
US$1.65bn 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
(1) Period since 2003 includes time spent by members of the core senior 
management team at Deutsche Bank. 
(2) Actual committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at the 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396127
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Relevant years 
of experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; General Electric; 
The Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University; ACMA 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Deirdre Davies 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; KPMG 
BCom, KZN University, South Africa; CA (SA) 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Roome 
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
EFTA01396128
--- PAGE 25 ---
Vice President, Finance, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Devrup Banerjee 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
Aldrich Chan 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the team 
Rafael Enriquez - Hesles 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Fund 
Controller, New York 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit Suisse 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
Philippe Ferneini 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Sheldon Lee 
Analyst, 
London 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Tax, New 
EFTA01396129
--- PAGE 26 ---
York 
Victoria Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Associate, 
London 
Maxine 
Turner 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the team 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago Booth; 
MA, Milan Univ. 
Elena Smirnova 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Helena Turley 
Client Relations, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396130
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.Ox 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
EFTA01396131
--- PAGE 28 ---
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
"Important Information on the Track Record" sections of this Presentation. 
(2) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real 
estate strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
(4) TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396132
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance1,2,3 
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Lower Quartile 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
0% 
5% 
Upper Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple5 to limited partners 
2.5x 
2.Ox 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.Ox 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
EFTA01396133
--- PAGE 30 ---
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
0.5x 
0.Ox 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
Index RVPI SOF funds DPI SOF funds RVPI 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, 
formed between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against 
their respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison 
of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one 
benchmark only; quartiles may differ when compared to other benchmarking 
sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III data is not included in the data set 
used to calculate the benchmark data. 
(2) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Notes to Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(3) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the Glendower SOF Team. 
(4) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling 
they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. 
Median is the middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs 
included in a vintage year (minimum 8 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the 
thresholds for the upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on 
the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used 
in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 8 
funds). 
(5) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to 
calculate a dollar-weighted return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396134
--- PAGE 31 ---
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01396135
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profilel 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds_ _With a secondary cashflow 
profile 
TVPI2 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.0x 
SOF II 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & SOF III 
performance against one benchmark only. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team. Information presented in this chart is based on 
the unaudited results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance Information" 
sections of this presentation. 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Paid-In Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid-In 
Capital; Net IRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
dollar-weighted return. Net IRRs are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or 
benchmark performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less 
meaningful. Top quartile is the threshold for the upper (top 25%) quartile 
based on the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in 
EFTA01396136
--- PAGE 33 ---
conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 64 
funds). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
20% 
15% 
2.0x 
SOF 
25% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
DPI2 
2.5x 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2 
35% 
EFTA01396137
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public 
market indices 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
"Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of 
this presentation. 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
(2) MSCI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate 
EFTA01396138
--- PAGE 35 ---
benchmark to compare the performance of the SOF Funds, but rather is 
disclosed solely to allow comparison to that of certain well-known and 
widely recognized indices. 
(3) Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate the 
PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth 
of the total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in 
the index and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have 
been treated using the "all in method". 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
Net IRR 
EFTA01396139
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Funds show consistent performancel 
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
-60% 
-40% 
-20% 
0% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.2x 
0.4x 
0.6x 
0.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
1.8x 
2.Ox 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.5x 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
2.Ox 
2.5x 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
EFTA01396140
--- PAGE 37 ---
Net IRR 
100% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and 
should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that 
any target results will be achieved. There is no guarantee that future 
performance will be consistent with past performance of SOF, SOF II and SOF 
III. Performance information on SOF D has not been included on this 
slide because SOF D is a single transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to 
underwrite pari-passu the Da Vinci transaction with SOF. Glendower does not 
expect that similar transactions will be available to SOF IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396141
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396142
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market index 
• Volume-driven 
—10 players 
M 
• Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
—10 players 
SOF III 
SOF II 
S 
• Low barriers to entry 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF and SOF D 
>50 players 
SOF IV 
(1) Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source: Preqin 
database and Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. 
Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396143
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
I Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
I Mid-market GP-led deals of US$100-250m 
IISingle-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
I Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
I Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
I Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
H No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
H Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
I Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl 
(1) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. 
There can be no assurance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. 
Further, Glendower may modify its portfolio construction criteria at any 
time and in any manner that it believes to be consistent with its overall 
investment objective in response to market conditions or other factors 
without notice to investors. 
Information provided as at September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance 
that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will be 
avoided. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
EFTA01396144
--- PAGE 41 ---
Average 20% discount to FMV 
Average -80% funded at time of entry 
EFTA01396145
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Fund Secondaries 
Description 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
• Single LP position 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Fund of funds 
• LP tenders 
Marketl 
• Many participants 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
Glendower Capital 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072 
Gross returns2 
SOF (harvested)3 
SOF II (maturing)3 
SOF III (early stage)3 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
high volatility and illiquidity 
US$5-100m 
40-60% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
(1) Glendower Capital estimate of market returns based on own market 
intelligence. 
(2) As of September 30, 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority 
profit share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other expenses. 
Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the 
"Important Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections 
of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" 
section in particular includes, among other things, a description of the 
terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and 
limitations as to the performance described above. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance. 
(3) For fund-level net returns, please refer to the overall transaction 
summaries for SOF, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
US$100-250m 
Up to 40% 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
EFTA01396146
--- PAGE 43 ---
GP-led Secondaries 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• Spin-outs 
• Recapitalizations 
• Portfolios of assets 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Secondary co-investments 
• Co-investments 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy selectively during periods 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
US$25-50m 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
EFTA01396147
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile 
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
— Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and 
were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
— Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to 
their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional 
acquisition of a LP interest 
— An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary 
dealflow 
— Glendower has developed an extensive track recordl over 15 transactions 
with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2 
— In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
— In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite 
meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
— Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of 
interests between the GP and Glendower: 
— Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried 
interest structure 
— Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that 
are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
— Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, 
recapitalizations, etc. 
— Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
— underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value 
creation 
(1) As of September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based 
on the unaudited performance results and should be read and reviewed in 
conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to the 
Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to 
Investment Performance" section in particular includes, among other things, 
a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
important guidelines and limitations as to the performance described above. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance. 
(2) Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396148
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Wide funnel and narrow filter 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions, over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions,
(1) Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information as at 15 March 2018. 
Number of transactions includes follow-on investments and splits out 
transactions which have been consolidated in one deal for reporting 
purposes. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396149
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Modigliani 
(SOF II) 
US$38m 
34% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
225 assets 
Global 
Whitney 
(SOF II) 
US$64m 
27% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Seller 
European 
family offices 
Description 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
• Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
US 
pension fund 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
• US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
(SOF III) 
US$54m 
26% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Sovereign 
Wealth Fund 
• Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
• Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity, Calera, CVC 
EFTA01396150
--- PAGE 47 ---
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
(SOF III) 
US$36m 
37% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
• Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 1 1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01396151
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Porter 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$220m 
9% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
assets 
US 
Seller 
Multiple 
Description 
• Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
• Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Laurel 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$147m 
24% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Southern 
European 
bank 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
private equity business 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Ionesco 
(SOF II) 
US$28m 
NA 
asset 
Europe 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
EFTA01396152
--- PAGE 49 ---
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
• Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Fitzgerald II 
(SOF III) 
US$37m 
10% 
asset 
US 
Global 
bank 
• Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 
1 
1 1 1 ) 
1 1 1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01396153
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396154
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 — 2018F 
US$bn 
6x 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
GP-led Secondary 
F = Forecast. There is no guarantee the estimate highlighted will 
materialize. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or guarantee of future market volume. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2013 
2014 
Fund Secondary 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and own estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions 
Discussion Materials, May 2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
2018 Forecast 
US$60+ billion 
EFTA01396155
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA01396156
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
_And 
Total 
US$bn 
increased propensity to trade 
PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillionl 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
(1) Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 
values as at June. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2x 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
EFTA01396157
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
In 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
— Overheated market in 2006 and 2007 
— Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
Pricing % of NAV 
100 
110 
2005 
2006 
2007 
108 
104 
PREMIUM 
DISCOUNT 
— Few transactions closed at this pricing 
— Mostly unfunded LP interests 
— Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
— Stable for 7 years at 80-90c/$ 
Annual volume US$bn 
EFTA01396158
--- PAGE 55 ---
2008 
2009 
2010 
Secondary market volume 
Bubble 
Crisis 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Secondary market pricing 
Normalized 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Update, March 2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
EFTA01396159
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supplyl... 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
...but dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
Dry Pow der / 
Deal Volume 
3.7x 
2.2x 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on Greenhill Secondary Pricing 
Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on 2018 Preqin Global Private 
Equity & Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & 
Analysis, January 2018 and Bain & Company Global Private Equity 
Report 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396160
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
US$bn 
250 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintagesl 
US$600 billion 
226 
201 
200 
186 
150 
193 
137 
129 
100 
Financial 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
Crisis 
(1) Source: 2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
(2) Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Post Crisis 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
149 144 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
Seller composition breakdown2 
EFTA01396161
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA01396162
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
Illustrative transactions 
Brand-name 
managers 
GPs seeking 
liquidity for worse 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
Quality 
mid-market 
managers 
looking to provide a 
• liquidity option in 
year 10+ or 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Underperforming 
managers 
Zombies 
looking for 
solutions make 
unlikely targets 
ZOMBIE GPs 
7.1 
15% 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
EFTA01396163
--- PAGE 60 ---
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
9.0 
20% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, January 2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide 
to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1 
9 
5% 
Over 7,000 private equity funds 
EFTA01396164
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396165
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF III Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
2014 
11% 
US$1,654m 
6% 
1,931m 
1,036m 
316m 
1,026m 
US$1,342m 
Investment strategy 
1% 
24% 
0.30x 
0.99x 
58% 
1.30x 
30% 
Vintage year 
12% 
17% 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
44% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
11% 
26% 
10% 
24% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
EFTA01396166
--- PAGE 63 ---
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
9% 
9% 
5% 
6% 
3% 
5% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
21% 
19% 
11% 
12% 
Other 
Natural Resources 
Communications & Media 
Technology 
Business Services 
Financial Services 
Real Estate 
Industrials 
Healthcare 
Consumer 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396167
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF III Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
Real Estate 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30, 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396168
--- PAGE 65 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Sunrise 
Klein 
Penguin II 
A 
B 
C 
Portfolio 
Funds 
D 
Portfolio 
E 
F 
GP-led 
Single asset 
deal 
APAC 
Global 
Early Stage 
Deal Type 
GP-led 
GP-led 
GP-led 
Single Fund 
Single Fund 
Funds 
Global 
Early Stage 
Region 
North America 
EMEA 
Global 
APAC 
Global 
Stage 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Advanced 
Advanced 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
Intermediated $524 million 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
EFTA01396169
--- PAGE 66 ---
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
Intermediated $50 million 
Intermediated $200 million 
Early Stage Limited Process $1.4 billion 
North America Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
SOF IV 
Investment 
$100 million 
€60-100 million 
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
$50 million 
$200 million 
$100+ million 
$20 million 
Description 
• Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
• Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
• Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
and mezzanine funds 
• Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
• Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
• Opportunity to purchase founder's shares in an existing 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
For discussion purposes only. There is no guarantee that any pipeline 
investment will complete or form part of a future invested portfolio or that 
it will be available or, after further due diligence, prove suitable for SOF 
IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396170
--- PAGE 67 ---
EFTA01396171
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV — Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: April 2018 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive midmarket 
investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
— Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
— The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
ca. $100m 
7% 
1.1x 
100% 
No 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
— GP with strong track record 
— Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
— Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
— Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
US 
EFTA01396172
--- PAGE 69 ---
Consumer 
years 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396173
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 midmarket 
pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
— Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
— The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
— Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
June 2018 
€60-100m (US$80-120m) 
>5% 
1.1x 
80% 
No 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
Europe / UK 
Business services / Healthcare services 
years 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
— Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
EFTA01396174
--- PAGE 71 ---
Investment rationale 
— Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
— Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to 
contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396175
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396176
--- PAGE 73 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV — Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
English private fund limited partnership 
US$1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three 
one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the 
SOF IV advisory committee) 
US$5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitall for a period of 2 years after the Investment 
Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund (the 
"Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. 
For further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such 
documents are in the process of being prepared and will be made available to 
prospective investors upon request. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the 
remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396177
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF IV - ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
1 
— Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
— LP favorable clawback provision 
— 100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
— Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate 
commitments) 
Governance 
— Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
— Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of 
investment period 
— No Fault Divorce with 66% vote of LPs 
— Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate 
limitations on investment concentration 
— Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
— Comprehensive financial reporting 
— GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
— General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
— Detailed due diligence provided 
LP = limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Association. The 
full guidelines can be found at http://ilpa.org/principles-version-2-0/. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396178
--- PAGE 75 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396179
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIRZIO-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web 
Tech; General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business 
School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University, 
ACMA 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and coinvestments. 
Before Deutsche Bank, Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds; an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
EFTA01396180
--- PAGE 77 ---
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
Prior to Glendower, Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Based in London, Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006, he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously, Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
EFTA01396181
--- PAGE 78 ---
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396182
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
BCom, University of South 
Africa; CA (SA) 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank, Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital, CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe, Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS, Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse, Lafarge 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago 
Booth; MA, Milan University 
Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fund and the business. 
Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower, Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then, Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
EFTA01396183
--- PAGE 80 ---
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Based in London, Emilio is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe, 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid, Spain. 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co-investment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's € 6billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., 
an Italian merchant bank, where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396184
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Principal 
Deutsche Bank, Bank of 
America, Freddie Mac 
BBA, George Washington 
University; MBA Columbia 
Business School 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
MA Economics and 
Management, Oxford 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
BS Finance, New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Credit 
Suisse, Booz & Company 
Diplome d'Ingenieur, 
Telecom ParisTech; 
MBA Chicago Booth School 
of Business. 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
EFTA01396185
--- PAGE 82 ---
Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012, Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Bank's Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stern 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pennsylvania's 
Wharton School of Business. 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senior Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396186
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
BSc Economics, LSE 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
MSc Global Banking and 
Finance, European Business 
School, London 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
BSc Economics, LSE 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE, 
Deutsche Bank 
BS Finance, Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012, Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
EFTA01396187
--- PAGE 84 ---
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015, having achieved first class 
honors. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group, and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance, having 
achieved University Honors. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396188
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
BSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Bucknell 
University 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
MSc Industrial Management, 
KTH 
BSc Industrial Engineering, 
Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and MAcc, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance, 
Deutsche Bank, Grant Thornton 
Bcom (Mons) Accounting 
Services, University of Pretoria. 
Based in New York, Rafael supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acquisitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London, in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
EFTA01396189
--- PAGE 86 ---
Technology, Sweden, and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy, France. 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team, first as financial controller and 
then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin — Madison. 
Based in London, Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011-13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (lions) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396190
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF III - Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
Fund size 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
Number of investors 
20-Oct-2014 
US$1.65 billion 
US$33 million 
921 
SWF 
21% 
Investor region 
Size of individual commitments 
21% 
100% 
18% 
North 
America 
44% 
Europe 
20% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Asia 
Pacific 
17% 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
<$25m 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
$25-50m 
$50-100M 
$100-150m 
(1) The number of investors includes all investors in SOF III with 
commitments over US$2m. The total number of investors, including those 
investing through private wealth feeder funds, is 470. 
>$150m 
8% 
16% 
37% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
Foundation 
EFTA01396191
--- PAGE 88 ---
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
Investor type 
GP 
2% 
Pension 
32% 
EFTA01396192
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name Sourcing 
1- Porter 
2- Fitzgerald II 
3- Malcolm 
4- Costa 
5- Diamond 
6- Mozart 
7- Leibovitz 
8- Pascoli 
9- Clegane 
10- Steinbeck II 
11- Minnow 
12- Neon 
13- Gonzaga 
14- Drive 
15- Flute 
16- Iskar 
17- Bosch 
18- Staccato 
19- Rose 
20- Janos 
21- Aurum 
22- Laurel 
23- Tower I & II 
24- Falco 
25- Peak 
26- Amy 
27- Chaucer 
28- Westeros 
29- Eddard 
30- Sutherland 
31- Christophe 
32- Newton 
33- Mitchell 
34- Gini 
35- Artemis 
SOF III Closed 
Seller type 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
EFTA01396193
--- PAGE 90 ---
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
Multiple 
Multiple 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Limited Process Multiple 
Syndication 
Pension 
Financial Institution 
Corporate 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process SWF 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Family Office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Family Office 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Public to Private 
EFTA01396194
--- PAGE 91 ---
Limited Process SWF 
Deal type 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Family Office / HNWI Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
EFTA01396195
--- PAGE 92 ---
149 
Companies 
1,294 
169 
EFTA01396196
--- PAGE 93 ---
968 
2,837 
Invested capital 
(US$m) 
144.9 
36.8 
109.4 
12.9 
23.0 
25.5 
61.2 
27.5 
14.7 
100.0 
65.3 
7.2 
14.3 
17.6 
54.7 
34.6 
86.6 
40.2 
27.0 
29.9 
23.1 
101.6 
41.8 
13.7 
79.0 
35.7 
154.9 
239.7 
51.3 
9.5 
44.2 
118.0 
32.0 
42.0 
11.4 
1,931.2 
Funded capital 
EFTA01396197
--- PAGE 94 ---
(US$m) 
117.2 
36.8 
46.0 
13.0 
9.7 
25.5 
65.7 
27.5 
14.7 
49.0 
9.3 
6.5 
15.1 
17.6 
13.9 
26.6 
40.2 
26.0 
26.7 
29.9 
22.9 
40.7 
27.6 
7.1 
57.2 
15.0 
81.6 
178.6 
27.6 
9.8 
3.4 
4.4 
31.9 
27.4 
10.5 
1162.6 
Initial 
closing 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q1 15 
Q2 15 
Q2 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q4 15 
EFTA01396198
--- PAGE 95 ---
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q1 16 
Q1 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q4 16 
Q4 16 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q2 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Gross 
multiple 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.6x 
0.8x 
1.2x 
0.0x 
1.8x 
1.2x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.Ox 
2.6x 
1.4x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.5x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
0.7x 
2.1x 
1.7x 
1.7x 
1.2x 
EFTA01396199
--- PAGE 96 ---
1.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.5x 
1.6x 
0.9x 
4.1x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.3x 
1.4x 
Portfolio detail 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Global — real estate 
Europe — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Global — buyout 
Europe — real estate 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — diversified 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — real estate 
US - diversified 
Europe - buyout 
US - mid-market buyout 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
EFTA01396200
--- PAGE 97 ---
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections. Past 
performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396201
--- PAGE 98 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2011 
US$614m 
668m 
16% 
509m 
592m 
187m 
US$779m 
1.16x 
22% 
0.37x 
1.53x 
20% 
Vintage year 
12% 
5% 
6% 
Europe 
56% 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
1% 
20% 
38% 
54% 
4% 
4% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
EFTA01396202
--- PAGE 99 ---
21% 
17% 
13% 
10% 
11% 
8% 
19% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
2014 - 2015 
5% 
7% 
3% 
5% 
Other 
Communications & Media 
Real Estate 
Natural Resources 
Financial Services 
Healthcare 
Technology 
Business Services 
Consumer 
Industrials 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396203
--- PAGE 100 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Monet I, II 
2- Beethoven 
3- Rembrandt 
4- Giant 
5- Hemingway 
6- Modigliani I-V & RE 
8- Hockney 
9- Chagall 
10- Hopper 
11- Donatello 
12- Pollock 
13- Whitney 
15- Constable 
16- Cecconi 
17- Bailey 
18- Steinbeck 
19- Guardi 
21- Windmill I, II 
23- Browning 
24lonesco 
25-
Zampieri 
26- Fitzgerald 
28- Porter 
29- Fitzgerald II 
30- Abels 
31- Laurel 
SOF II 
Sourcing 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited process 
Syndication 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
EFTA01396204
--- PAGE 101 ---
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Seller type 
Pension 
Multiple 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Pension Fund 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary / Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
EFTA01396205
--- PAGE 102 ---
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
Companiesl 
225 
EFTA01396206
--- PAGE 103 ---
140 
737 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
46.8 
27.1 
2.2 
3.4 
16.4 
38.4 
9.5 
9.4 
15.1 
3.0 
13.4 
64.0 
26.1 
12.8 
30.2 
97.3 
13.3 
22.7 
8.8 
27.7 
23.8 
15.0 
74.7 
10.0 
11.8 
45.2 
668.1 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
45.8 
26.9 
2.2 
EFTA01396207
--- PAGE 104 ---
3.1 
16.4 
37.1 
8.1 
8.4 
14.1 
3.0 
13.1 
21.5 
24.3 
11.0 
30.5 
81.7 
11.8 
20.5 
7.1 
26.8 
23.4 
15.0 
60.4 
10.0 
10.6 
19.0 
551.7 
Initial 
closing 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q4 11 
Q4 11 
Q1 12 
Q2 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q4 12 
Q1 13 
Q2 13 
Q2 13 
Q3 13 
Q4 13 
Q1 14 
Q1 14 
Q2 14 
Q2 14 
Q3 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
EFTA01396208
--- PAGE 105 ---
Q3 16 
Gross 
multiple 
0.7x 
1.6x 
3.0x 
1.8x 
1.0x 
2.Ox 
1.5x 
1.6x 
1.6x 
1.1x 
2.3x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.8x 
2.4x 
1.3x 
1.8x 
0.7x 
1.9x 
2.8x 
1.6x 
1.4x 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.3x 
2.Ox 
1.7x 
Portfolio detail 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — late stage venture 
US — mezzanine 
US — special situations 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — diversified 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — diversified 
EFTA01396209
--- PAGE 106 ---
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — diversified 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF II is 1.5x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of this 
Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396210
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Invested capital 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2006 
6% 0% 
US$565m 
549m 
421m 
756m 
20m 
US$775m 
1.80x 
0.05x 
1.84x 
22% 
Vintage year 
10% 
2% 
20% 
Europe 
90% 
North 
America 
10% 
33% 
46% 
Pre 2006 
2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV = Fair Market Value 
Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and 
there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
5% 
Financial Services 
IT and Technology 
18% 
EFTA01396211
--- PAGE 108 ---
Business Services 
49% 
45% 
Large Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
28% 
Healthcare 
Sector composition 
21% 
Industrials 
18% 
Other 
EFTA01396212
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Leonardo 
2- Sprint 
3- Constellation 
4- Crown 
5- Freedom 
6- Pigeon 
7- Hoover I 
8- Hoover II 
9- Amadeus I 
10- Hoover III 
11- Amadeus II 
12- Hoover IV 
13- Hoover V 
14/21- Bach 
15- Hoover VI 
16- Hoover VII 
17- Hoover VIII 
18- DaVinci 
19- Imperial 
20- Hoover IX 
SOF 
18- DaVinci 
SOF and SOF D 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively. Converted from EUR to US$ using a rate of 1.1822. 
(3) The performance figures are based on unaudited fair values and should be 
read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Important Performance Information" sections. Gross returns are gross of 
fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the investment 
level so performance is not expected to be representative of investment 
returns to investors. Investors should consult with their own advisers 
as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this 
information. Past performance is not a prediction of future performance, but 
it is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
EFTA01396213
--- PAGE 110 ---
that any target results will be achieved. 
(4) Hoover transactions represent the investments made by SOF via a special 
purpose vehicle ("SPV") attracting additional accounting and administrative 
expenses. The actual performance for the SPV may be lower than 
the performance of the individual investments because of the additional 
accounting and administrative expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this 
SPV, including the fees and expenses is 1.9x. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Sourcing 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Seller type 
Financial Institution 
Public to private 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family Office 
Financial Institution 
Endowment 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Multiple 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family office 
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
EFTA01396214
--- PAGE 111 ---
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Sub Total 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
154 
154 
Companiesl 
EFTA01396215
--- PAGE 112 ---
609 
104 
196 
193 
152 
294 
1,774 
193 
1,774 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
205.3 
36.0 
16.5 
19.4 
15.0 
22.8 
0.4 
0.1 
16.1 
2.7 
5.4 
3.3 
3.4 
39.0 
4.8 
2.9 
0.5 
103.3 
51.1 
0.8 
548.8 
138.1 
686.9 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
166.0 
EFTA01396216
--- PAGE 113 ---
36.1 
16.7 
21.6 
12.1 
24.7 
0.4 
0.3 
16.2 
2.6 
5.5 
2.6 
3.5 
32.3 
5.8 
2.8 
0.5 
53.7 
29.4 
0.7 
433.3 
67.2 
500.5 
Initial 
closing 
Q1 07 
Q3 07 
Q3 07 
Q4 07 
Q2 08 
Q4 08 
Q4 08 
Q1 09 
Q1 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q4 09 
Q4 09 
Q1 10 
Q2 10 
Q3 10 
Q3 10 
Q4 10 
Q4 10 
Q3 10 
Gross 
multiple 
2.0x 
3.0x 
0.9x 
1.7x 
EFTA01396217
--- PAGE 114 ---
0.3x 
1.3x 
1.9x 
8.8x 
2.4x 
0.8x 
3.3x 
2.2x 
1.7x 
2.0x 
1.7x 
3.4x 
2.8x 
3.Ox 
1.9x 
2.6x 
2.1x 
3.Ox 
2.2x 
Portfolio detail 
US / Europe — diversified 
Europe — buyout 
US / Europe — growth equity 
Europe — special situations 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Asia — diversified 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — venture capital 
US / Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — mezzanine 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — diversified 
EFTA01396218
--- PAGE 115 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being made available 
to you (the "Recipient") by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority, for the purpose of providing certain summary 
information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to 
known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered into at the date that this Presentation is 
made available but that Glendower expects will occur or be entered into 
thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, 
which contain additional information about the investment objective, terms 
and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any 
investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if 
made, may not be relied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to 
qualified investors on a confidential basis at their 
request. The information contained in this Presentation will be superseded 
by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such offering 
documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Investors 
should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the 
meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
EFTA01396219
--- PAGE 116 ---
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered Party") are provided on an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered 
Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before 
taking action with respect to any services, material, or 
information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse also will not 
solicit a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the 
Covered Party to provide investment advisory services to or on behalf of the 
Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by 
Glendower or its affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative, or 
other agent thereof) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation 
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure, provided, however, that such disclosure shall not include the 
name (or other identifying information not relevant to the tax structure or 
tax treatment) of any person and shall not include 
information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to 
comply with applicable securities laws. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396220
--- PAGE 117 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns generated by the Fund will equal or 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement its 
investment strategies or achieve its investment objectives. The Fund's 
investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by 
Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment 
and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this 
Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional information), correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any 
additional information to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible 
subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or its 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors, 
officers, partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case 
of fraud) for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential), damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by any person 
as a result of relying on any statement in, or omission from, this 
Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current assumptions, may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other 
events that were not taken into account may occur and may significantly 
affect the analysis herein. Therefore, changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. 
Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, 
opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding 
whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be reliable for the 
purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
EFTA01396221
--- PAGE 118 ---
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not treat this Presentation as tax, 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to 
the Recipient of this information and this information should not and cannot 
be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation 
are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability 
and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated 
with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396222
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment, but not including any GP-led Secondary) as reasonably determined 
by the Manager as the context requires. "Fund Secondary" means (a) an 
interest held directly or indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a 
fund of funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a 
standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the 
Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in 
clause (a) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or 
has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the 
aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their 
aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period 
that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) shall be deemed to 
equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be 
determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest, but not 
including any Single Asset Deals) as reasonably determined by the Manager as 
the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
"SOF Team" and "Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the 
Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index": The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market 
index of the bottom 2,000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is 
maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"MSCI World Index": The MSCI World Index is a broad global equity benchmark 
that represents large and mid-cap equity performance across 23 developed 
markets countries. It covers approximately 
85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private 
Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private 
equity buyout asset class by constructing a 
EFTA01396223
--- PAGE 120 ---
combination of sector portfolio returns. These sector portfolios are 
designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by 
holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investing directly in private equity firms. 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396224
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
and its affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an 
independent private equity firm owned by its partners focused on secondary 
transactions in private markets. The performance information and track 
record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date, 
including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team were 
employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating 
the track record, each Recipient should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
and Charles Smith have been permanent voting members of the SOF Funds 
investment committees since inception; (ii) Chi 
Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the 
majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and 
have been permanent voting members since January 2013; (iii) other employees 
of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at 
different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the 
investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment 
professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to 
provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management 
(Global) Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the 
SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or investment committee 
members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Glendower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information 
and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines, including, but not limited to, the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 204-2 thereunder, 
and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance 
information by Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net 
IRR" shall mean an aggregate, compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, 
internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash flows. 
Calculations are presented based on actual cash flows 
to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" basis 
unless otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection 
EFTA01396225
--- PAGE 122 ---
with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are 
borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce returns 
and, in the aggregate, are expected to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors, 
including as a result of an investor's domicile). Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. Returns reflect purchase price netting in all 
instances where subscription credit lines, payment deferrals, and permanent 
fund borrowing have been utilized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to 
date. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") represents aggregate 
distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in 
Capital ("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest 
held within the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital 
("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, 
etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant investment fund. Any such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner 
believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the actual realized returns 
on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior 
performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly, the actual 
realized returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets") presented herein are 
based on Glendower's views regarding the returns on investments that such 
funds may be able to achieve during their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, 
current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being 
reviewed or have recently been reviewed, 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions 
and market fluctuation or recovery. The Targets are also based on models, 
estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee 
that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as 
anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. Individual investments made by such funds may have anticipated 
returns below or above the Targets. The Targets are hypothetical and are 
EFTA01396226
--- PAGE 123 ---
neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the 
funds to fail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns, gross 
Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, "carried 
interest," taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of 
unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, 
which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantial. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396227
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(the "AIFMD"), the Fund will constitute an EU AIF (as defined in the AIFMD) 
whose AIFM (as defined in the AIFMD) is the 
Manager, itself an EU AIFM. Except as provided below in respect of the 
specific member states listed, this Presentation and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the interests in the Fund, shall 
only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their 
registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are "professional investors". For these purposes, a 
"professional investor" is a person who is considered to be a professional 
client or who may, on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 2004/39/EC. 
AIFMD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member State") which 
has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this 
Presentation may only be distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) 
the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the 
relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the 
local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully 
distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed 
in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to 
individual circumstances, or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation 
to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of 
investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future 
results and is no guarantee to future results. This Presentation has been 
prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is 
defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) 
EFTA01396228
--- PAGE 125 ---
(the "Act") and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (11) (respectively) of the Act, 
in respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 6D 
or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial 
product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product 
disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation is not 
required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be 
required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it 
required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission. The funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia, Credit 
Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch, are not 
authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent 
deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit 
Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of such Credit 
Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents No 
offer to the public to purchase the Fund's interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to 
be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown 
to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, 
a prospectus, an advertisement, a public 
offering, an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public 
offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is 
obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment 
will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no 
circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as 
investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396229
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered with the Registrar of Companies. This 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an 
invitation or offer to the public. As such, it must not be distributed or 
redistributed to and may not be relied upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the 
information contained herein references securities of an issuer 
incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in 
Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, 
the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described 
herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in 
the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities not registered with the SVS 
may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption 
apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors 
pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not "addressed to the public 
in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public"). For 
additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities, please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China ("PRC") or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These 
materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or 
entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory or investment management services. 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
EFTA01396230
--- PAGE 127 ---
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. 
Neither the products, nor the Management Company/Issuers have and will not 
be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make its own inquiries and consult its own advisors as to 
this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers, including the 
merits and risks involved, and as to legal, tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing 
material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign 
financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. 
Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial Code (Code Monetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is 
being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests 
will be concluded in Haiti. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396231
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any interests or securities may not 
be offered or sold and have not been offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means 
of any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 
622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no 
person has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and 
will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether 
in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any 
interests or securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that will not constitute "an offer to the 
public" under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 
("the Securities Law") or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, 
5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during 
any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum ("the Addendum") to the 
Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or 
mutual trust funds, provident funds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers 
(purchasing Products for themselves), members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange 
(purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing Products 
for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the capital 
market, an entity which is wholly-owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations, (other than formed for the specific 
purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity 
in excess of NIS 50 million, and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice 
EFTA01396232
--- PAGE 129 ---
Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect of which at least 
one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice 
Law) and securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities 
Law (together, "Liquid Assets") exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income over each of the 
preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), or the 
level of income of their "family unit" exceeds 
NIS 1.8 million (approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all 
their Liquid Assets exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their 
level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or the level of income 
of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately £150,000); each as 
defined in the said Addendum, as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation 
that they qualify as Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the 
consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private 
placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the 
Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities 
Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the 
aim or intention of distributing or offering such Product to other parties 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this 
Presentation should be considered investment advice or investment marketing 
as defined in the Regulation of Investment 
Counselling, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide 
confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its 
own account or, where applicable, for other Sophisticated 
Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or 
other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful, or 
in which the person making such offer or solicitation is 
not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396233
--- PAGE 130 ---
EFTA01396234
--- PAGE 131 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEL") and, 
accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under 
circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the 
relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities (as defined in the 
Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined 
in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been 
issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera del Exterior) not subject to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the "CNBV"). The securities mentioned 
herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the 
Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, its issuance, offering, distribution 
and listing are not subject to the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions 
of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV 
or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor which has such knowledge and 
EFTA01396235
--- PAGE 132 ---
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating 
the risks and merits of an investment in the Fund. 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed 
by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed portfolio 
management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 
of July 26, 1991 and Law 1.338 of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the 
"Commission de Controle des Activites Financier-es. Such regulated 
intermediaries may in turn communicate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment business" or "government agency" 
within the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New 
Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman 
(Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the 
solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.-
1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396236
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent investigation of the risks involved in an 
investment in such interests. The promotional documentation does not 
constitute an offer to the public and is for the use only of the named 
addressee and should not be given or shown to any other 
person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the State of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your 
jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be 
made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests 
offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the interests. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the 
SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this 
Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred 
to in this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the 
investment is suitable for you. The product named in this 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS") and none of its interests / shares / units shall be 
allowed to be offered to retail public in Singapore. 
This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant products. The delivery of this Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or 
offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, 
before the sales of any fund product, the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
EFTA01396237
--- PAGE 134 ---
liability for losses that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indicated to the contrary, all 
figures are unaudited. The information provided herein is for the exclusive 
use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e., are not 
listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private 
equity investments, including the investment opportunity described herein, 
may include the following additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial 
portion of the investor's investment, (ii) investment 
managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier or more 
speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of liquidity 
as there may be no secondary market, (iv) 
volatility of returns, (v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of 
diversification, (vii) high fees and expenses, (viii) little or no 
requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributing important tax information to investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering 
documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of charge from the Representative. 
The place of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in 
or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the 
Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Switzerland shall be subject to the 
jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be charged by the Paying Agent. If a 
subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions 
and money must be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396238
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the 
Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult 
his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her 
investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The interests in 
the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated 
investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in 
the Fund have not been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental 
agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in 
the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of the offering, including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying 
recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other 
EFTA01396239
--- PAGE 136 ---
jurisdictions where the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold 
for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and 
resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the 
Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will 
not be registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public market 
for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396240
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS125 Gerald Ford 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained 
from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this 
presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF 
YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. 
YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH 
PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other 
U S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their 
affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the 
principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this 
presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment 
Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material or its affiliates through 
arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the 
provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to 
clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in 
this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or 
understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, 
representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state 
securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this 
potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or 
EFTA01396241
--- PAGE 138 ---
other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without 
Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is 
effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 
027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
EFTA01396242

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396243.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396243.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in Resolving rejection points - KYC 
Case#01983253 [I] 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2018 07:44:30 -0400 
To: Bradley Gillin 
Stewart Oldfield
Cc: Vinita Advani 
Richard Iarossi 
Vijay-A Sawant 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Brad/Stewart, 
Good Morning!! 
Any update on the below rejection points. 
Regards, 
fcid:1 =C7BBF707DF9B04F18f9e8a93df9386909@db.coml 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, B1, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 
400063, India 
Tel.: 
Email: 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Wednesday, October 03, 2018 5:23 PM 
To: Bradle Gillin <k
; Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Mayur Rathod 
Vinita Advani 
EFTA01396243
--- PAGE 2 ---
<.11.M; 
Richard Iarossi <
t• 
Su jec : ssis ance equired in Resolving rejection points - KYC 
Case#01983253 
Importance: High 
Good Morning Brad/Stewart, 
We require your assistance today in resolving the following rejection points 
in KYC Case#01983253 for Mort, Inc under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP. 
I. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide 
info and narrative as to the source of funds that will be deposited into the 
account. — Please provide info for following blank fields, as appropriate. 
{cid:image003.png@OlD4624F.06FC1830} 
2. Please provide a percentage verification as to the different sources of 
wealth. Specifically, which sources are responsible for more than 25% of the 
UBOs wealth? — Our SOW description involves companies Southern Trust Company 
Inc, J. Epstein & Co and Radar (a celebrity and pop culture magazine in 
which he shares 50% ownership with its founder). Kindly confirm? 
3. Under section 3A of the Global print section covering UBO Jeffrey E. 
Epstein, there is a box checked reflecting that Mr. Epstein has not resided 
outside of the US for 5 years or more. This contradicts other media covering 
Mr. Epstein suggesting he has resided in the US Virgin Islands for longer 
than 5 years. Please confirm. — We were under the impression that US Virgin 
Islands is part of the US and all residents of this island have US 
passports. Could you advise on this, please? 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:1 =C7BBF707DF9B04F18f9e8a93df9386909@db.com} 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
EFTA01396244
--- PAGE 3 ---
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
EFTA01396245

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396246.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396246.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [I] 
From: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Date: Thu, 01 Nov 2018 10:35:16 -0400 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard Iaross' 
Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advani 
Vijay-A Sawant 
No update on Gratitude. I expect to have one today 
From: Mayur Rathod 
Sent: Thursday, November 01, 2018 10:34 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Richard Iarossi 
> 
Bradley Gillin 
Vinita Advan 
Vijay-A 
Sawant < 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Stew, 
We did get LPOA for Paul Barrett, but for other accounts. 
We have it now for J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc. — highlighted 
in GREEN below. All the other rejection items are pending. 
Also, do we have an update on Gratitude America Ltd. — are client willing to 
provide the documents for BV70 LLC — a significant donor in this KYC, or are 
they going to close the account. Please confirm. 
Kindly assist with the below. 
EFTA01396246
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks in advance. 
Regards 
{cid:1 =C7BBF707DF9B04F18f9e8a93df9386909@db.com} 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, Bl, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 
400063, India 
Tel.: 
Email: 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Wednesday, October 31, 2018 6:46 PM 
To: Mayur Rathod 
Cc: Richard Iarossi 
• Vinita Advani 
Sawant 
Subject: Re: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP [I] 
Bradley Gillin 
Vijay-A 
Pretty sure we have already provided some of these. I still need to talk to 
the client about the remaining items. Have been away for 3 days in sales 
training with Brad, hope to call client today or tmw. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
EFTA01396247
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
On Oct 31, 2018, at 9:13 AM, Mayur Rathod 
wrote: 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Rich, 
Hope all is well. 
Following up on the below email sent by Vijay regarding pending rejection 
items. 
EFTA01396248
--- PAGE 4 ---
Do we have any update on the same. 
Thanks & Regards 
<image001.gif> 
Mayur Rathod 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited 
Wealth Management 
Floor 1, B1, DB Centre Mumbai 
Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon East, Mumbai 
400063, India 
Tel.: 
Email: 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Friday, October 26, 2018 2:37 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradle Gillin 
; Richard Iarossi 
; Alka Babu 
• Mayur Rathod 
inita Advani 
u jec 
•en.ing responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
For Hyperion LLC and 3 Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc in rejected KYC 
01977699, we require the following items mentioned in red fonts — 
(3) Please provide evidence of or a case comment regarding confirmation from 
the client that the information on the KYC is still accurate (i.e. ownership 
structure, signatories, etc. have not changed). The comment must include the 
EFTA01396249
--- PAGE 5 ---
name of the person spoken with and date this conversation occurred. (The 
attached internal email does not meet this requirement.) — No material 
confirmation email was attached to the KYC but will not suffice as per AFC. 
They need evidence of client (person) & date +confirming no material changes. 
(4) Operating Agreement for Hyperion Air LLC indicates the company is 
manager-managed and the initial manager was Lawrence Visoski. Is he still 
manager? Please provide evidence of the current management for this entity. 
— Please provide evidence confirming if Lawrence Visoski is still the 
initial manager at Hyperion Air LLC. We have re-checked the repositories and 
didn't find anything for this. 
(6) Please attach evidence of signing authority (Corporate authorization) 
for the brokerage account of J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation In., 
granting signing auth for Erika Kellerhals. — Will need DB Corporate 
Resolution for this brokerage account# 
(7) Per J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation Inc brokerage account 
documents, Limited Trading Authority granted to Paul Barrett. Please add as 
party to the KYC with all appropriate documentation and research. Please 
help in getting Limited Trading Authority document for Paul Barrett for this 
account. 
For Mort Inc covered in rejected KYC Case 01983253, the following is the 
only pending rejection item - 
1. In addition to the provided source of wealth information, please provide 
info and narrative as to the source of funds that will be deposited into the 
account. — Please provide info on Jeffrey Epstein's source of funds. 
We look forward to the required docs & info. Thanking you in advance for all 
your help. 
EFTA01396250
--- PAGE 6 ---
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
B1, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 11:32 PM 
To: Vijay-A Sawant 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard Iarossi 
Alka Babu < 
Mayur Rathod 
Vinita Advani 
Subject: RE: Pending responses on rejec ion cases un er 
e SOUTHERN 
FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
We've responded to many of these already. Please list only outstanding 
items in a single email. 
Thanks 
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Thursday, October 25, 2018 10:50 AM 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Alka Babu 
Vinita Advani 
Richard Iarossi 
; Mayur Rathod 
EFTA01396251
--- PAGE 7 ---
Subject: Pending responses on rejection cases under the SOUTHERN FINANCIAL 
RELATIONSHIP 
Importance: High 
Hi Stewart, 
As discussed, we are awaiting responses to attached emails. For Plan D, you 
have mentioned that you are reaching out to the client, so just awaiting 
feedback on that. 
Please note the resolution of above cases will lead to completion of ALL 
accounts from this relationship for 2018. 
For Jockey Club, I will respond in a separate email. 
Let us know if any queries, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
<image001.gif> 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited - Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
Bl, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
Goregaon East, Mumbai - 400063 , India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
EFTA01396252
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA01396253

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396254.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396254.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis <frank.debenedittis@db.com> 
Date: Wed, 09 May 2018 10:30:55 -0400 
To: Andrew King 
Stewart Oldfield
> 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
William-M Finn 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:29 AM 
To: Andrew King 
; Stewart Oldfield 
William-M Finn a 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:16 AM 
To: Andrew Kin <andrew.king@db.com>; Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan a; 
William-M Finn 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:14 AM 
To: Andrew Kin <andrew.king@db.com>; Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
; William-M Finn 
EFTA01396254
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Andrew King 
Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
; William-M Finn 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
From: Frank DeBenedittis 
Sent: Wednesday, May 09, 2018 10:11 AM 
To: Andrew Kin <andrew.king@db.com>; Stewart Oldfield 
Cc: Nathaniel Morgan 
; William-M Finn 
Subject: RE: MTA Coverage and Glendower Requests 
Stew, 
Please see the attached documents and the approved email language below. I 
will send the other clients' zip files in a separate email or once they are 
approved. The entire zip file should be sent to clients but I tend to 
separate the factsheet and pitchbook from the broader zip file (see below) 
when sending the email to clients. Please copy someone from ISG on the 
email as this is required by our BAM. 
EFTA01396255
--- PAGE 3 ---
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager 
(formerly affiliated with Deutsche Asset Management) that seeks to purchase 
mature, high quality private equity fund interests from investors seeking 
liquidity. Glendower currently consists of a 23 person-strong team with $3 
billion in total client assets and offices in London and New York. 
Glendower's mission is to deliver top-quartile, buyout-like returns while 
mitigating downside risk through its disciplined, bottom-up underwriting 
process, as well as the shorter duration of secondary investments, which 
leads to early cash distributions to investors. The Fund seeks to continue 
the successful secondary strategy the team has pursued since its inception 
at Deutsche Bank in 2006 - which has resulted in a negligible loss ratio -
by aiming to build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-
led transactions and co-investments on the secondary market. 
While past performance is not indicative of future results, Glendower 
Capital has a strong track record of success. As noted in the attached 
marketing materials, since its founding, the mature funds managed by 
Glendower have returned a 1.7x net multiple and a net IRR in excess of 20%. 
Including SOF III, which is a 2014 vintage fund, Glendower's overall program 
has returned a 1.5x net multiple and a 23% net IRR. Private equity 
investments such as the Fund are speculative and illiquid. Please see the 
offering memorandum for further information about the Fund and the risks 
associated with investing. 
fcid:image005.jpg@OlD3E5EB.D459B3401 
From: Andrew King 
Sent: Friday, May 04, 2018 8:47 PM 
To: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Cc: Frank DeBenedittis 
< 
William-M Finn 
Subject: MTA Coverage and 
Requests 
Stew, 
Nathaniel Morgan 
Frank DeBenedittis (copied) will be covering for me while I'm on MTA. If you 
need anything ISG related while I'm out please connect with him. 
EFTA01396256
--- PAGE 4 ---
We've requested 
for the clients listed below. The team 
will forward the materials once available. 
Oldfield 
Epstein/Southern Financial with KCP 
EFTA01396257
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01396258
--- PAGE 6 ---
Once the materials are received, Frank can send an intro email. If you'd 
prefer to send it yourself, the team can provide pre-approved intro language. 
Best regards, 
Andrew King 
{cid:image001.gif@OlD1AA1B.81C7AA00} 
Andrew King, CFA 
Vice President I Investment Solutions Group 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
EFTA01396259
--- PAGE 7 ---
Mobile +1 
Email 
fcid:image002.gif@OlD1AA16.81C7AA001 
EFTA01396260

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396261.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396261.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd 
Street, 26th 
Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: 
www.icapitalnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business 
practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of 
this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the 
United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities 
authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the 
Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure 
should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement 
by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not 
imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, 
sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
EFTA01396261
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual 
updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to iCapital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. 
This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an 
update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to 
the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's 
business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition, in December 2017, 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent company of iCapital, acquired the U.S. private equity 
access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the 
investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material 
Changes  
Item 3: Table of 
Contents  
Item 4: Advisory 
Business  
Item 5: Fees and 
Compensation  
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side 
Management  
.. 7 
Item 7: Types of 
Clients  
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of 
Loss  
Item 9: Disciplinary 
Information  
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and 
Affiliations  
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
and Personal Trading  
Item 12: Brokerage 
Practices  
EFTA01396262
--- PAGE 3 ---
Item 13: Review of 
Accounts  
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other 
Compensation  
Item 15: 
Custody  
Item 16: Investment 
Discretion  
Item 17: Voting Client 
Securities  
Item 18: Financial 
Information  
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital", "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware 
limited liability 
company that has been in business since May, 2014. We are wholly-owned by 
Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of 
business in New 
York, NY. iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities"), 
is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the 
SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as 
the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by 
iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on 
iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle 
Property Investors 
Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-SV7, L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, L.P., 
BIAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private 
Equity Select Master 
EFTA01396263
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select Master Fund II, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select 
Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III 
(U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund 
IV (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate 
and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate and 
Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit Select Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), 
Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), 
L.P., BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), L.P., BIAS 
2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), L.P., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global 
Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-KVV Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-TEP Access Fund, 
L.P., 
iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, 
iCapital-Apollo 
EFTA01396264
--- PAGE 5 ---
L.P., 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-KV 
Seed C Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-SH Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., 
Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership, iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, L.P., and Horizon 
Opportunities Fund, a series 
of 
(each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
L.P., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
L.P. 
iCapital provides investment 
iCapital Global Access Partnership II, 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access 
Partnership II, L.P. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct 
Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services 
to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to 
the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner, and not 
individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the 
Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered 
under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the 
assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the 
Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's 
confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments 
of investors 
for the purpose of 
investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") 
that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying 
Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related 
risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other 
EFTA01396265
--- PAGE 6 ---
disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment 
Funds primarily 
EFTA01396266
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-
adviser (a "SubAdviser") 
selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective 
investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge 
funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000, as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives 
and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an 
"Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors, 
Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior 
to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment 
activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. 
Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As of December 31, 2017 total discretionary assets under management were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 
values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management 
for these Funds 
are as of September 30, 2017.1 
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets 
of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent of 
iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital, none of 
which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly 
in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The 
management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of 
which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates 
to the applicable SubAdviser 
for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor 
EFTA01396267
--- PAGE 8 ---
withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor 
prepaid the 
Funds with 9/30/2017 values are as follows: Private Equity Select Master 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity 
Global Select Master Fund IV, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, 
Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select Fund 
VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private Equity 
Asia Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Fund IV (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., 
Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) 
L.P., Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., 6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), L.P., BEP 
Private Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), 
L.P., BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), 
L.P., KKR Credit Select Access Fund II (U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select 
Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, S.C.A., Private 
Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, 
Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select, iCapital Vintage II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-SV7, 
L.P., Invesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund L.P., iCapital- KV Seed C Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital- TEP Non-US Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- TEP Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapitalKVV 
Access Fund, L.P., iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- 2015 
Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
EFTA01396268
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter, such Investor 
will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter, 
based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide 
otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion 
may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled 
to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage 
of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund 
is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to 
the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or 
received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds 
are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying 
Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on 
an annual basis, 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally 
ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the 
Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a 
preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. 
In addition, each Fund will 
fees, 
indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and 
expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will 
offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited 
partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, 
commitment 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, 
monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees 
EFTA01396269
--- PAGE 10 ---
received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such 
Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure 
relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in 
an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various 
service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as 
described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty 
Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider 
for 
certain Funds. Dynasty may 
provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may 
receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network 
of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. 
There is no form of legal 
partnership, agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and 
Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such 
organizational and 
offering expenses generally include, but are not limited to, legal expenses, 
travel, accounting, 
EFTA01396270
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the 
formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing 
and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the 
terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the 
Private Access Fund, 
including without limitation: the management fee; organizational expenses; 
liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or government 
charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's 
tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial 
statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental 
returns, reports and 
filings; any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund 
in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund; extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Private Access 
Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities; 
legal, administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator 
for the 
the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or 
otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners, whether individually or in a 
group; expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, 
appraisal, 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or 
EFTA01396271
--- PAGE 12 ---
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the 
issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access 
Fund, the General 
Partner and any of 
their respective partners, members, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will 
indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried 
interest, organizational 
expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the 
Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all 
the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including 
without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing 
and subscription 
materials; printing and mailing costs; filing and regulatory fees and 
expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to 
be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund, the applicable general partner or the Firm relating 
to such Direct 
Investment Fund), pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the 
costs and expenses of 
valuation agents); accounting, custodial, administrative, legal, audit, 
bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any 
administrator or custodian); 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses; investment 
research and 
research- related products and services; data processing costs; consultant 
fees; tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses, 
if any, including, without limitation, 
indemnification, dispute 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
EFTA01396272
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
resolution, litigations and related legal 
Form ADV Part 2A 
fees and expenses; investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., 
expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner, iCapital or any sub-
adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct 
Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions, spreads, mark-ups on securities, interest expenses, custodial 
and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management); 
insurance expenses, 
bank charges, currency hedging costs; and other investment and operating 
expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses, preparation of 
the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be 
subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the 
applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses, including its employees' salaries, 
rent, utilities, etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to 
its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may 
create an 
incentive for 
iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions 
regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of 
investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of 
management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an 
Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further 
details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from 
the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by 
"Qualified Purchasers" as 
EFTA01396273
--- PAGE 14 ---
defined in the Investment Company Act. 
iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate 
planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of 
institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit 
plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations 
or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds 
operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment 
objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment 
commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although 
iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount 
iCapital may from time to time enter 
into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of 
a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or 
different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the 
performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the 
third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or 
investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will 
not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written 
agreements or any of the 
EFTA01396274
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to 
offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or 
shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow 
investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums 
than would be 
required for a direct 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" 
diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, 
operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's 
platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative 
phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop 
market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts, growth capital, 
mezzanine, etc.) 
to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage, 
iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against 
benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months, 
iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase, 
iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed 
benchmarking analysis, and 
a thorough review of 
the competitive landscape. 
iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy, review 
the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before 
meeting with 
a manager, iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time 
evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough 
EFTA01396275
--- PAGE 16 ---
list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence, iCapital does a complete review of the 
fund's PPM, LPA, 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally, iCapital makes reference calls 
to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth, and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative 
components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which 
iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment, operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to 
cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, 
investment strategy 
and marketing positioning, competitive landscape, discussion of poor 
investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital 
leverages these meetings, the review of 
the list 
the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions, to evaluate the 
fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, 
diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off 
interest. 
reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies, peer firms, institutional LPs, former 
employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis 
is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
EFTA01396276
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation, iCapital looks at internal rate of return 
("IRR"), multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual 
value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance, 
the loss ratio, 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing, cumulative 
contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally, iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures 
that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion 
of the review, 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings 
with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report 
is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is 
required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform 
needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment. 
In particular, 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a 
unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective, 
iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund 
strategy buckets, 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process 
iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and 
strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify 
managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, 
leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, 
including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct 
initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a 
meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. 
EFTA01396277
--- PAGE 18 ---
In these meetings, 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment 
team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of 
the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage, iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital 
makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. 
("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent 
evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle 
Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage, if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due 
diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence 
report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the 
Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our 
network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to 
conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds 
as part of the 
EFTA01396278
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and 
investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected 
will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not 
consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly, 
there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect 
conflicts of 
interest, 
fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to 
substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or 
distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity, 
iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to 
facilitate 
such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due 
diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly, there is the risk that 
iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the 
Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be 
prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation 
of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of 
professional 
investors are urged to consult their 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding 
to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
any Fund, which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private 
Access Funds such 
EFTA01396279
--- PAGE 20 ---
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of 
interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's 
investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds, or any of 
the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future 
performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved 
or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and 
liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which 
will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. 
We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund 
offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. 
Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the 
high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks 
before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment 
due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally, 
Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
the Funds it manages. Prospective 
advisers and review the offering 
EFTA01396280
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through 
more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information 
regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a 
subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective 
investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and 
accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM 
with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment 
therein apply generally 
to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing, 
each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a 
limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that 
will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other 
laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on 
transfer, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial 
withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement 
(except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the 
performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing 
operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those 
expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried 
interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses, organizational expenses and other expenses 
and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the 
Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the 
EFTA01396281
--- PAGE 22 ---
Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' 
performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access 
Fund may invest a 
portion of 
its assets in short 
term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private 
Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General 
Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of 
their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of 
bad judgment, 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the 
Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which 
pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial 
losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its 
affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense 
thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund 
constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the 
extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise 
freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the 
risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the 
Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than 
reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering 
documents. 
EFTA01396282
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
iCapital cannot predict 
the timing and amounts of 
Form ADV Part 2A 
the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will 
require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the 
date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending 
acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice 
of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing 
of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a 
Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital), 
regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
in the 
to its investment 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution 
obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or 
otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, 
which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of 
its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their 
time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a 
Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
EFTA01396283
--- PAGE 24 ---
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Investors in a Private Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying 
Fund Manager, their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund, iCapital, and not the Investors in any 
Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable 
Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no 
opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend 
such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital 
will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing 
agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager, any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any 
liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or 
supplement 
the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable 
otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay 
to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, 
distributions previously 
EFTA01396284
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to 
an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all 
or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect 
of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly, Investors may be required to repay or 
pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to 
meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished 
information on a 
Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal 
income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to, among other things, the timely 
receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing 
differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an 
Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to 
the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from 
a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be 
significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private 
Access Funds' 
is 
limited, and the transferability of such investments 
is 
investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. 
Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An 
investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the 
market for the sale of 
such investments 
also generally 
EFTA01396285
--- PAGE 26 ---
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able 
to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it 
desires. 
Economic and Market Risk. Companies and securities in which a Fund will 
for example, 
including, 
exchange 
rate 
fluctuations, 
industry 
invest may be 
inflation rates, 
competition, 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their 
specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, 
currency devaluation, 
conditions, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and 
diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the 
control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. 
A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on 
some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, 
factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private 
equity funds' 
investment in such company. 
iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or SubAdviser's 
projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future 
performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to 
uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that 
invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the 
Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a 
portion of its interest in 
EFTA01396286
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"), iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors 
that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions), pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the 
aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the 
Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions, 
iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a 
forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest. Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available 
legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount, including attorneys' fees, 
to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest 
charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such 
Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have 
been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware 
Act provides 
that if certain requirements of 
the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, 
liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership 
are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited 
partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these 
provisions were 
enacted relatively recently, there is a dearth of case law interpreting 
those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to 
claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a 
Fund and other 
series of 
the Partnership. 
Finally, other 
contractual 
arrangements entered 
into by 
EFTA01396287
--- PAGE 28 ---
a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect 
of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act. Accordingly, the degree of 
separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a 
Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that 
Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that 
such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
Form ADV Part 2A 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not 
subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and 
operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore 
possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of 
such series and, consequently, that creditors of such series will seek 
recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-
advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in 
selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a 
great extent, on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to 
effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly, a Direct 
Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees 
of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to 
participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its 
portfolio could be 
impaired. 
In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any 
reason, 
sub-adviser engaged by the general 
partner will have equivalent 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner, 
there is no assurance 
that any replacement 
EFTA01396288
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in 
securities carries 
certain market risks. 
In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over 
which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or 
equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange 
rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and 
security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to 
particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's 
management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply, 
technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, 
the availability of additional 
capital and labor, general 
economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these 
factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of 
the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's 
profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, 
or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, 
in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs, 
interests in REITs, 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships, joint ventures, limited 
liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants, and stock purchase rights. The values of 
equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks, may decline due to general market 
conditions that are 
not related to a specific company, such as: real or perceived adverse 
economic conditions; 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings; and changes in 
interest or currency 
EFTA01396289
--- PAGE 30 ---
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity 
securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as 
workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity 
related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments 
that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that 
invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose 
performance is linked to the 
performance of 
foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present 
in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in 
emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: varying 
custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public 
information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the 
issuance and trading 
of securities; 
the unavailability of 
financial 
information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign 
accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility 
of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes; adverse 
political, social or 
diplomatic developments; 
limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process 
outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic 
trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other 
instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the 
conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher 
brokerage and custodian 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01396290
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
expenses than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities 
exchange or 
market. 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase 
American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary 
Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares 
of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. 
securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be 
subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These 
risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as 
in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs, 
EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without 
the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher 
expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less 
liquid. The performance 
of ADRs, EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary 
shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of 
companies based in, 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the 
governments of, 
emerging markets, 
including, but not 
limited to, certain Central and Eastern European 
countries, Asian countries and Latin American countries. These securities 
involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market swings, due to the 
inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, the lack of modern technology, the lack of a 
sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations, and the possibility of temporary or permanent 
termination of 
trading. Political and economic structures in many emerging markets may be 
undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid development, and emerging markets lack the 
social, political and 
economic stability characteristics of more developed countries. As a result, 
EFTA01396291
--- PAGE 32 ---
the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the 
possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation, may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may 
restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to 
national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities 
that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less 
efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a 
custodian or brokerdealer 
in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size 
of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack 
of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted 
or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined 
with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange 
rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and 
unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities 
and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may, but is not required to, hedge the currency 
exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value 
of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes 
of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase 
in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its 
investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the 
values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a 
decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-
denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short 
periods of time. 
EFTA01396292
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the 
foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, 
changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by 
intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by 
currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate 
between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has 
changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a 
Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or 
solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the 
financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political 
conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in 
economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer 
or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value 
and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of 
lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The 
values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the 
issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the 
issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer 
and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements 
for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over 
time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to 
downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. 
They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer 
or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the 
EFTA01396293
--- PAGE 34 ---
investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the 
investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are 
from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, 
regions, sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to 
this, together with 
its long-term approach 
portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio 
stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinan 
volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies 
concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money 
the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. 
Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways, the overall adverse impact 
on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the 
government or 
affairs of such countries or regions, could be considerably greater than if 
it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent. Although the investment guidelines of a 
Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio 
assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance 
markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. 
procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain 
delivery of 
securities) not 
typically 
associated with the settlement of U.S. 
investments. At 
times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries 
of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out 
transactions. If a 
value of the 
of its investment. 
expected to be concentrated 
one 
the effect of 
to investment, could result in large movements in the 
increases the importance of the selection of each 
t of investment performance and also increases the 
in an industry, country or region in which a Fund 
or underperform 
concentration, there is no 
effects. 
procedures in certain foreign 
Foreign settlement and clearance 
risks (such as delays in payment for or 
have not kept pace with the number 
another and 
EFTA01396294
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it 
may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no 
return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a 
sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or, if it has 
contracted to sell the 
security to another party, the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small 
or Medium-Sized Companies Investing in the securities of 
small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio 
price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established 
issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies 
have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for 
greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in 
the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited 
product lines, 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less 
experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on 
the over-thecounter 
markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or 
in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange 
or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities 
that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain 
small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are 
contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become 
illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's 
average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in 
substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these 
illiquid investments, 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately, 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) 
EFTA01396295
--- PAGE 36 ---
than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid 
securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further, companies whose securities 
are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection 
requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, 
notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of 
issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. 
Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for 
equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities, 
their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due 
to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible 
fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible 
securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant 
to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and 
conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at 
the option of the 
holder, a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying 
common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined 
substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price, performance, liquidity and 
value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that 
investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in 
the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to 
counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will 
not fulfill its contractual 
it may take a Fund 
EFTA01396296
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk. A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or 
cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash 
equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time 
to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise 
uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. 
Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, 
at the same time, 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate 
the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the 
Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, 
a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any 
decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors 
in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund, the effect of 
leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio 
investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a 
Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the 
investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a 
Fund will have 
to pay, 
the Fund's investment return will be greater than if 
Conversely, 
if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage, the investment return of a Fund 
will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid 
assets, marked-tomarket 
daily, to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's 
investment flexibility, 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings 
EFTA01396297
--- PAGE 38 ---
take the form 
of, or are embedded in, margined option premiums, repurchase agreements, 
bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There 
can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under 
all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, 
discretionary margin, 
the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
haircut, financing and valuation policies, or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions, whether due to market circumstances or 
government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, 
loss of financing, 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of 
swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such 
adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are 
imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such 
limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio 
at disadvantageous 
prices, perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk. A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends 
on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. 
These instruments include, 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps, currency 
forward contracts, 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A 
Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks 
associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can 
be highly complex 
leverage were not used. 
EFTA01396298
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an 
Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the 
underlying reference 
asset, a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to 
the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the 
terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be 
highly volatile, 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be 
difficult to value 
and highly illiquid, and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a 
derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights 
offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to 
subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified 
price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to 
expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase 
value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised 
prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves 
the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription 
price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such 
as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does 
not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or 
dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to 
assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative 
than other equitybased 
investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk 
than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through 
which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to 
risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even 
EFTA01396299
--- PAGE 40 ---
where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it 
may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to 
various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest 
rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund 
may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general 
the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a 
security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar 
security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and 
outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, 
or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund 
Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk 
bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies 
without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit 
strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk, may be less liquid and may be subject 
to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities ("Junk Bond") Risk. Fixed income instruments rated 
below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of 
comparable quality, are 
high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are 
predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records 
of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree 
EFTA01396300
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These 
securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate 
developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally, and less 
secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to 
accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after 
it is downgraded, the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior 
to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt 
increases in interest rates. 
instruments held by a Fund may fall 
in response to 
In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The 
value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates 
than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life 
of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in 
interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years 
generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage 
point. 
floaters, 
Inverse 
interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to 
interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the 
income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments 
also react 
to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser 
degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index 
chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current 
historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities, 
including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of 
EFTA01396301
--- PAGE 42 ---
those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e., extension risk). Securities that are 
subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates 
rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying 
debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens, all or a portion of the 
obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a 
relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates, a portion of 
a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be 
unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income 
received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and 
total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another 
party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of 
currency swaps, a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or 
receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If 
there is a default by the 
counterparty to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies 
pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of 
banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing 
standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in 
comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank 
market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets 
can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or 
closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency, interest rate, total return or other 
swaps that may be 
surrogates for other 
instruments such as currency forwards and interest 
rate options. 
EFTA01396302
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the 
underlying 
assets as well as counterparty risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs, 
which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or 
interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar 
to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
financing, default by borrowers, 
self-liquidation, and the 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills, are 
not diversified, and 
are subject to risks of project 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on 
distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on 
a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the 
extent that a portfolio 
company is subject 
to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems, such portfolio company may be subject to substantial 
losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and 
mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of 
civil 
litigation or 
regulatory or other 
action. Any 
such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to 
substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access 
is directed at 
iCapital or one of 
its service providers holding its financial or investor data, iCapital, 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further 
details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary 
events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management. 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. 
EFTA01396303
--- PAGE 44 ---
its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to 
prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-
dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and a member of the 
Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered 
as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services 
clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a 
broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional 
information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item 11 below for a description of how the 
Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital 
Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of 
Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund 
administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity, Gen II provides iCapital 
accounting and investor 
reporting, 
capital 
call 
and distribution processing and investor support 
services. This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in 
respect of the 
EFTA01396304
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital 
executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of 
iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select 
BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") 
and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored 
by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these 
relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying 
fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition, select 
financial services companies, 
including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made 
equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network, Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access 
Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create 
an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an 
iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity 
investors to provide 
services to the Funds, including administration or other services. iCapital 
will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and 
if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of 
the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of 
any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act 
EFTA01396305
--- PAGE 46 ---
Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act, 
iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in 
accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or 
accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of 
interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's 
Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into 
possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles 
that: 
- Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first; 
- Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are 
conducted 
EFTA01396306
--- PAGE 47 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
consistent with the Code of Ethics; and 
- Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) 
must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in 
other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his 
designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments; 
however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading 
authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of 
interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, 
iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of 
iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-
Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to 
discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in 
any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements 
without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is 
available upon request. 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, 
affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. 
iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the 
fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles 
thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for 
making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any 
discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, 
including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment 
funds, and providing 
transaction-related, 
investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
EFTA01396307
--- PAGE 48 ---
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may 
conflict with the 
interests of iCapital, other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain 
of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts 
of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may 
receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private 
Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments 
of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such 
placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest. The prospect of receiving 
such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place investors in the 
iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment 
vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition, iCapital may retain 
and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of 
marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not 
otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over 
another 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01396308
--- PAGE 49 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are 
also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and 
in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. 
Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts 
by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of 
the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, 
pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited 
partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited 
partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such 
additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or 
affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. 
The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or 
adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered 
investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the 
Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates 
provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund 
Manager or SubAdviser 
will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the 
applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any 
performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, 
as applicable) of each 
EFTA01396309
--- PAGE 50 ---
Fund may also benefit 
from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's 
investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and, under 
certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for 
financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. 
The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend 
iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who 
has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider 
such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and 
security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information 
necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such 
information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors 
to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an 
investor and 
required by law. 
iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the 
information. 
maintains security practices, physical, 
information about our 
iCapital 
electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
EFTA01396310
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will 
provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds, iCapital generally will not make 
investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited 
situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In 
such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the 
transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, 
including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread, reputation, financial 
strength and stability, 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of 
the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain 
the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any 
particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-
Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access 
Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the 
applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may 
take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with 
its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, 
including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and 
its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" 
credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay 
for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by 
Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional 
details regarding a SubAdviser's 
brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as 
applicable, and the 
EFTA01396311
--- PAGE 52 ---
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines 
are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive 
quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and 
ending equity, and the 
account's performance for that period. 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may 
provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as 
determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, 
each investor will 
statements for which they are invested, within 180 days of such Funds' 
fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities, LLC, an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-
dealer for private placement 
of 
interests of 
the Funds. 
iCapital Advisors does not 
receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an 
Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its 
affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private 
placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients 
with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer 
referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of 
the placement fee generated with respect 
to such 
Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
EFTA01396312
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be 
made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited 
Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such 
Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by 
such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to 
the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with 
Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to 
as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more 
iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of 
iCapital, is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital 
Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has 
committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital 
network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of 
such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential 
conflict of 
interest. 
Any 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item 15: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with 
"Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately 
offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" 
under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized 
as, comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an 
EFTA01396313
--- PAGE 54 ---
independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the 
accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial 
statements 
prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or 
beneficial owners) within 
180 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. 
fund-of-funds, iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end 
of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will 
distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the 
Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures, and each 
Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are 
specified under 
the limited partnership agreement, where investment 
limits 
investment risk and maximize return. 
are intended to minimize 
such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party 
registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests 
in the iCapital Private Access Funds 
to 
public company 
members or other 
For a Fund that is a 
EFTA01396314
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of 
the Private Access Funds, 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private 
Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under 
the Underlying Funds' 
constituent 
documents, iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and 
may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is 
asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds, iCapital has delegated the 
obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-
Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy 
voting procedures. 
However, iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it 
is required to vote 
a proxy for 
certain investments. 
iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a 
determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the 
conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon 
request, we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures 
and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with 
certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's 
financial condition. 
iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary 
commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding 
EFTA01396315
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
East 42nd 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Street, 26th 
New York, NY 10165 
Floor 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides 
Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis 
LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, 
Officer, at 
or by email at 
Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions 
Additional information about 
SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
information about Eileen Duff Blalock, 
that supplements the iCapital Advisors, 
iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance 
if you did not receive iCapital 
about the contents of this supplement. 
iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the 
EFTA01396316
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. 
Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for 
sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private 
banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative 
Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution 
functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset 
classes. Previously, Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global 
marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA 
Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of 
iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales 
commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396317
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is 
Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of 
First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool 
was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked 
as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was 
an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with 
Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. 
degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of 
Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any 
conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of 
iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Pool for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396318
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Robertshaw is a CoFounder 
and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016, he served as a Vice 
Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group 
at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more 
than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset 
Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. 
Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000, when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin 
& Jenrette, where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DU 
in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. 
He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. 
Robertshaw received a B.A. in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or 
disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Robertshaw for 
compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 
2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396319
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is 
Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level 
platform integration with 
banks, asset managers, wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior 
to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a 
$12.5 billion AUM multistrategy 
investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he 
was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and 
distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator 
of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree 
in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA 
licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396320
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees 
origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private 
equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment 
opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead 
the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was 
previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began 
his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-
Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics 
from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396321

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396322.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396322.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
EFTA01396322
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, this 
"Memorandum") is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC 
or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager") to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors") for 
the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the 
"Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access 
Fund"). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner 
interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, 
prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety 
by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended 
or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA"), which shall be provided upon 
request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment 
Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this 
Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall 
control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the 
Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities 
commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the 
foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any 
EFTA01396323
--- PAGE 3 ---
representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any 
U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and 
jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. 
The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) 
in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual 
restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying 
Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the 
Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "Investment Company 
Act"). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the 
Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor" as 
defined within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a 
"qualified purchaser" as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," 
as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). There is no public 
market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General 
Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this 
Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund 
Manager" ("AIFM") under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests 
(or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled 
or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396324
--- PAGE 4 ---
-ii 
EFTA01396325
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State") 
of the European Economic Area 
("EEA")1 when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the 
application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the 
event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the 
prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent 
(as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors 
and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an 
investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended 
period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that 
investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the 
entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, 
will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the 
general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any 
of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the 
Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action 
against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment 
Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is 
responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is 
responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation 
of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership 
Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription 
Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any 
representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this 
Memorandum to any investor 
EFTA01396326
--- PAGE 6 ---
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or 
responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the 
(v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with 
Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. 
Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to 
the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained 
in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower 
has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information 
contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices 
hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to 
be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information 
operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may 
modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner 
the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying 
information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with 
respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each 
liability or responsibility 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such 
information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted 
Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the 
Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, 
affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests 
considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
undertakes any 
offering of Interests; 
respect to the 
in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
be amended, restated or otherwise 
or 
of them expressly disclaims any 
information or any other 
therefrom. The offering of 
Underlying Fund. Although the 
the Access Fund is not an 
Fund is different from an 
is not, and should not be 
EFTA01396327
--- PAGE 7 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iii 
EFTA01396328
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. 
Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General 
Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to 
participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) 
commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. 
the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access 
any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the 
General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in 
the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or 
otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund 
and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall 
constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights 
under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be 
contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be 
deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no 
assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is 
not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable 
results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual 
realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, 
market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit 
the power to legally bind or 
No Glendower entity has (i) 
Fund, the General Partner or 
EFTA01396329
--- PAGE 9 ---
liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, 
the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated 
herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, 
achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified 
by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as "may," "seek," "expect," "estimate," or "believe" or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are statements 
that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this 
Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions 
underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, 
as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are 
made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or 
any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future 
events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors 
could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject 
to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the 
Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by 
reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a 
significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of 
which are discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iv 
EFTA01396330
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its 
own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all 
information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely 
in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a 
summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred 
to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are 
subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement 
and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which 
should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors 
in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or 
contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement 
and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the 
offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests are offered subject to the General Partner's 
ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access 
Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and 
therein that are applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may 
be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each investor (and any employee, representative, 
or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions 
EFTA01396331
--- PAGE 11 ---
undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of, or any other 
identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in 
the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance 
information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this 
Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was 
written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters 
addressed by the written information 
and (c) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances 
from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a 
prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any, are invited to 
meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such 
representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to 
the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or 
expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any 
representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement 
Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such 
representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the 
information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, 
the date when such information is 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-v 
EFTA01396332
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General 
Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution 
of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
This Memorandum does not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or 
other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other 
commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance 
of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this 
Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in 
this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information") and not disclose any such Confidential 
Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to 
evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any 
security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and 
any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the 
confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and 
the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc 
(212) 994-7333 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vi 
EFTA01396333
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vii 
EFTA01396334
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE "NFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A 
REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(3), THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN 
THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (III) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EFTA01396335
--- PAGE 15 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-viii 
EFTA01396336
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-ix 
EFTA01396337
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION  
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS 
FUND  
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST  
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA 
CONSIDERATIONS  
I. 
II. 
III. 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-x 
EFTA01396338
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
I 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the "Access 
Fund"), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership 
(together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The 
principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment 
returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, 
special situations, turnaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets 
primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist 
private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity 
assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections 
relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, 
which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the 
limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General 
Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making 
any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that are "U.S. Persons" 
as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). If an 
Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after 
investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396339
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should 
read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund") and the summary of 
terms and conditions of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be further amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of 
the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund 
described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, 
to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement"), and the subscription 
with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement," 
"Agreements"), copies of 
which will be provided to 
of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the 
summary and the Agreements, 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
The Investment Manager 
restated or otherwise modified from time 
agreement and the related documentation 
and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 
each prospective investor upon request. The forms 
event of a conflict between the terms of this 
EFTA01396340
--- PAGE 20 ---
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-today 
operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and full 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396341
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to 
invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
terms set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments are 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396342
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See "Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Access Fund 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund ("Interests") are being 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
("Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
"Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors ("Investors") that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that are pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of "unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors"). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and NonU.S. 
Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,008, although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,008,080, although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,008,080 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396343
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
"Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate share of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing interest, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396344
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA01396345
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro rata share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
Term 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
for two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, "Feeder Funds") in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396346
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA01396347
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
entity, directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified NonU.S. 
Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds are expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who are "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K1 
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396348
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
Bifurcated Default 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA")) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396349
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
("Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
Access Fund Expenses 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses; liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396350
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA01396351
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396352
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA01396353
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Partner shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396354
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with 
(C) 
below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396355
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
"Access Fund Expenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396356
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA01396357
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
Indemnification 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see "— Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,008 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
EFTA01396358
--- PAGE 38 ---
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396359
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners 
information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that are U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. TaxExempt 
Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396360
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA01396361
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
Considerations 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in "benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback To the extent the Access Fund incurs any 
indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for 
its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
EFTA01396362
--- PAGE 42 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396363
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a "Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose; Underlying Fund." 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial institutions with financial information and other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396364
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Each investor must be an "accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act). 
Confidentiality 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been informed of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396365
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Investor Information 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Legal Counsel 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner, 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower, also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396366
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
III. CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed 
discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth 
in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk 
of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will 
achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the 
Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective 
affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment 
in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and 
involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully 
before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts 
not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks. The investments made by the Underlying Fund and 
indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can 
result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition 
or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and 
market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries 
in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact 
of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse 
effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and 
Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents. The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will 
receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 
2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The 
Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's 
assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a 
EFTA01396367
--- PAGE 47 ---
particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners Accordingly, the Placement 
Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with 
investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited 
Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without 
thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents 
will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As 
the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a 
conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their 
respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with 
Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described 
above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather 
than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access 
Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to 
the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement 
or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396368
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts 
of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an 
investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into 
the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than 
such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the 
capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the 
Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of 
potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the 
Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, 
including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among 
other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act 
or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or 
partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose 
the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize 
its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower 
or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost 
entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. 
Certain ongoing operating 
EFTA01396369
--- PAGE 49 ---
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses 
borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, 
Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by 
investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, 
resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact 
on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access 
Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the 
Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet 
the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396370
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to 
the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General 
Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required 
to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from 
engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each 
prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the 
capital contributions that will 
EFTA01396371
--- PAGE 51 ---
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner 
to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The 
General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if 
any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment 
opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any 
such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund 
will not participate in coinvestment 
opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the 
Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment 
opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a 
result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the 
iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for 
iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or 
may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a 
placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing 
investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect 
to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396372
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and 
compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and 
selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement 
Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such 
recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons 
of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such 
investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may 
create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these 
conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and 
procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The 
General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or 
enter into management or 
advisory agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar 
arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar 
to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and 
Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the 
Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the 
ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational 
rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying 
Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed 
Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Access Fund 
or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited 
EFTA01396373
--- PAGE 53 ---
Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with 
any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General 
Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the 
Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be 
obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are 
potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will 
have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates 
with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund. The Investment Manager will 
value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment 
Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the 
Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the 
valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the 
Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there 
is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may 
not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions 
the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer-
-potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited 
circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a 
valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, 
and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is 
subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396374
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Fidelity Relationship. The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration 
and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC 
(collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity") pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity 
for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment 
in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment 
Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. 
Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of 
registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a 
potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or 
any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital 
Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Programs. The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer 
(and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification 
programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network 
platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and 
interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational 
opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to 
subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner 
and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total 
forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with 
respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited 
EFTA01396375
--- PAGE 55 ---
Partner or otherwise, 
the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, 
including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not 
defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the 
Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan 
assets", certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be 
considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to 
avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In 
addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, 
resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such 
compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or 
to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that 
purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences 
under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company 
could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA 
controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396376
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or 
more) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio 
company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include 
funding obligations to singleemployer 
pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer 
pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that 
the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be 
regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun 
Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held 
that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-
fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject 
to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question 
(together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the "Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of 
the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business 
characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. 
Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be 
sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or 
parallel funds are aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners 
believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, there is some risk that a court might find 
otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to 
take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability 
purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership 
interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds are not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group 
ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their 
respective affiliates or any of their 
EFTA01396377
--- PAGE 57 ---
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact 
that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered 
under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment 
in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests 
Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their 
investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their 
investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of 
years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and 
not the Limited Partners, 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be 
voted. 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an 
opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the 
Underlying Fund (and in coinvestments, 
if any, with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the 
sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment 
risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant 
portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or 
country. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
In addition, none of 
EFTA01396378
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse 
impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnership. Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable 
and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who 
otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise 
in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor 
than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will 
consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives 
of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to 
Limited Partners. 
Glendower, the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have 
certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not 
be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend 
the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the 
ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower, 
the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited 
Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to 
revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's 
governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise 
or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with 
one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the 
same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited 
Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the 
Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a 
EFTA01396379
--- PAGE 59 ---
"Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the 
Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) 
consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other 
matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or 
the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter 
entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited 
Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters 
with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited 
partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will 
not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any 
Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership 
Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may 
be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396380
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified 
Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for 
transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the 
Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are 
required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited 
Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the 
Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay 
such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right 
to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital 
contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and 
following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made 
to the limited partners for the 
purpose of funding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in 
respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to 
make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained 
amounts are reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other 
risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, the administrator and certain of their affiliates and 
representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with 
the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to 
the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and 
the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund 
EFTA01396381
--- PAGE 61 ---
any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return 
distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be 
funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made 
to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will 
not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund 
(including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations 
of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim 
will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each 
have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by 
the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to 
the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited 
Partner's Subscription, including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including 
transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and 
other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these 
expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396382
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Investors in Subsequent Closings. Investors subscribing for Interests on a 
Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the 
Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata 
share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the 
Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition 
prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to 
participate in such investment, as 
determined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as 
public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which are subject to public disclosure requirements. 
The amount of information about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent 
years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may 
be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, 
withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future 
regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the 
Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet 
uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the 
General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the 
extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the 
distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the 
total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital 
risk and higher current 
EFTA01396383
--- PAGE 63 ---
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it 
borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or 
the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure 
exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency, negligence, 
misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon 
the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire 
such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or 
inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets are pledged 
in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in 
the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to 
borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such 
banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit 
facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to 
pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying 
Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying 
Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise 
borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of 
receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396384
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting 
investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure 
sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Access 
Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the 
Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the 
General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund 
through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be 
allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the 
Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if 
they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor 
performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest 
less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that are 
not historical facts are 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or 
beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain 
information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be 
EFTA01396385
--- PAGE 65 ---
identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "seek," "should," 
"expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend," "continue," "target," "plan," or "believe," or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, 
including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking 
statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The 
Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 
of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain "bad actors" are 
involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the 
exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain 
procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a "disqualifying 
event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests 
or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but are not limited to, the General Partner, the 
Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The 
General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's 
Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be 
required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or 
more of the Access Fund's voting 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396386
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered 
Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP 
that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been 
subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such 
representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all 
of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and 
information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur 
during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements 
towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds 
industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the 
private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose 
administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without 
limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens 
and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and 
Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely 
affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the 
Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, 
the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, 
compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer 
Protection Act (the "DoddFrank 
Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that 
affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant 
to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered 
investment advisers to private funds, 
EFTA01396387
--- PAGE 67 ---
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of 
the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on 
noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries 
and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes 
that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund 
conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the "Volcker Rule," may 
affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is 
difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the 
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty 
may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment 
strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank 
Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or 
proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural 
requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed 
commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396388
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the 
European Union, Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many 
categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index 
credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time 
public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced 
documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkeeping 
requirements. 
While these changes are intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance 
transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not 
known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by 
regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and 
an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future 
exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," 
such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required 
to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin 
that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially 
greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund 
of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether 
for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts 
available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair 
liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, 
investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC 
derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator 
("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into 
hedging transactions or to obtain 
EFTA01396389
--- PAGE 69 ---
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the 
Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the 
CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of 
positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and 
The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such 
risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of 
required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, 
limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC 
derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed 
futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, 
currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options 
contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally 
required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a 
person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, 
subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
futures options contracts and swaps. 
position limits for a broad range of 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is 
additional speculative position 
EFTA01396390
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. 
Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could 
increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option 
contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk 
management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. 
These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of 
execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's 
investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves 
as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to 
the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited 
Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment 
Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the 
General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No 
independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek 
their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as "An Act to provide 
for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for 
fiscal year 2018" (the "2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of 
a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net 
interest expense, (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled 
foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 1096-owned foreign corporation, each 
of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) 
changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of 
expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in 
which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
EFTA01396391
--- PAGE 71 ---
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could 
affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the 
deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses 
and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not 
including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a 
disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. 
partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets 
would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential 
withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the 
holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may 
increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried 
interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on 
the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment 
valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a 
significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If 
so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may 
also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to 
predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access 
Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396392
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 
Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be 
furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual 
U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to, among other 
things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited 
Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or 
"dry" income. Moreover, 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a 
tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a 
return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should 
expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax 
filings and pay taxes. 
Non-U.S. Investors and ECI, U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch 
Profits Taxes. NonU.S. 
investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be 
subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all 
entities in a broadly defined 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs") to comply with a 
complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain 
U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either 
certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their 
substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on 
certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S withholding tax on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
EFTA01396393
--- PAGE 73 ---
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating 
FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders 
that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still 
reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. 
sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on 
these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying 
Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with 
the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an 
Intergovernmental Agreement (an "IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the 
automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the 
country in which such FFI is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information 
with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is 
deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the 
reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that are allocable to a Limited Partner may, in 
accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the 
extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular 
circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396394
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, 
legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of 
partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with 
respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a 
partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount 
of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective 
alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited 
year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax 
liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is 
not able to make such an 
election, then (1) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the 
aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would 
have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may 
indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as 
well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. 
Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to 
pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner 
generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of 
tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required 
to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes 
(including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access 
Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate 
the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the 
Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in 
fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA 
Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as 
a result. Many issues and 
EFTA01396395
--- PAGE 75 ---
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all 
aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. 
federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. 
federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging 
whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences 
thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
W the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
W the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax 
returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the 
Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
iy the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited 
Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its 
Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
IV the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited 
Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative 
minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396396
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
IV the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, 
loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) 
income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in 
taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner 
by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax 
returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in 
connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction 
or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. 
federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be 
determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each 
Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income 
tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in 
certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited 
Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items 
would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more 
detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396397
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income 
tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based 
upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative 
interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a 
different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and 
do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. 
federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations 
that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances 
or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial 
institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities, U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is 
not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle 
or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to 
beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This 
discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local 
jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an 
investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion 
of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could 
have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary are 
applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons 
should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a "U.S. person" generally is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (1) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or 
other entity treated as a corporation 
EFTA01396398
--- PAGE 78 ---
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the 
laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is 
subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the 
authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under 
applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an 
equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of 
the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should 
consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will 
provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize 
withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each 
prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal 
tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396399
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences 
set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial 
advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable 
state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access 
Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment 
of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or 
pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable 
income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the 
Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the 
Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any 
amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater 
amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash 
distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable 
income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law 
governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded 
partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of 
partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a 
corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to 
an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon 
EFTA01396400
--- PAGE 80 ---
liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was 
treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more 
of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends 
and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot 
assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming 
the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata 
share of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the 
Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata 
share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for 
U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396401
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis 
in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the 
Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive 
share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below 
zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the 
adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the 
amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited 
Partner's share of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to 
the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be 
taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the 
distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the 
Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income 
items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with 
respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount 
that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a 
complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial 
liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income 
or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for 
such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must 
be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the 
distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as 
defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
EFTA01396402
--- PAGE 82 ---
as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term 
should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-
recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the 
Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take 
into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that 
allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for 
tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance 
with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner 
intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can 
provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are 
successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the 
allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396403
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain 
or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory 
items (which are broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The 
difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the 
Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized 
would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the 
Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however, Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to 
be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of 
the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the 
General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets 
upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, 
nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked 
without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying 
Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax 
accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an 
election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on 
in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis 
adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in 
the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that 
Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than 
$250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in 
the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In 
lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to 
make an election to be an "electing 
EFTA01396404
--- PAGE 84 ---
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund 
could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any 
loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner 
realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the 
appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can 
be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such 
election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, 
even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate 
taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale 
expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not 
deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net 
gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is 
excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at 
ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 
163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the 
limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396405
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as 
investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited 
Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate 
Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may 
also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in 
the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax 
advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax 
situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code 
restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not 
derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal 
service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, 
losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss 
limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations. A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk 
limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access 
Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has "at risk" with respect to its 
Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be 
considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which 
the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the 
Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). 
Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and 
contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and 
distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund 
previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange 
of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the 
Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
EFTA01396406
--- PAGE 86 ---
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at 
risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the 
difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund 
were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated 
as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. 
Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that 
they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable share of deductions and 
losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 
2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to "investment interest" and 
"miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, 
such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers, subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending 
upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and 
other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees, paid by such Limited 
Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396407
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax 
basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may 
be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to 
deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate 
taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses for five 
years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tax Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the 
Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and 
fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, 
depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as 
ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will 
depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one 
hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for 
their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather 
than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of 
a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any "dealer" property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of 
interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue 
discount ("OID"), which for this 
purpose includes "payments-in-kind," or PIK, interest. In such case, the 
Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of 
such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with 
"market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be 
required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the 
period the debt obligation was 
EFTA01396408
--- PAGE 88 ---
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is 
included in income by the 
holder during the term of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt 
instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt 
instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt 
instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the 
interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the 
instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist 
of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there are a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income 
tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general, a "significant modification" of a debt obligation 
acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the 
resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification 
and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe 
harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is 
"significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could 
take the position that the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396409
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount 
amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access 
Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with 
complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will 
depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before 
January 1, 2026, noncorporate 
taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of 
the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified 
business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including 
investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in 
respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that 
certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is 
subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below 
under "Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. 
It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face 
financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in 
the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such 
restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and 
therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-
U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would 
cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In 
general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes 
"passive income" (generally, interest, 
EFTA01396410
--- PAGE 90 ---
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of 
assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the 
production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the 
Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that 
company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an 
election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund 
invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections 
which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited 
Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396411
--- PAGE 91 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Controlled Foreign Corporations. Special rules apply to U.S. persons who 
own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting 
power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States 
Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC"). A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC 
if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting 
power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its 
Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such 
Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive share 
of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited 
Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon 
disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC 
attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be 
required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any 
Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at 
fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain 
foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United 
States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States 
Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of 
certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund 
and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the 
applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any 
profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or 
of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather 
than capital gain or loss. Further, 
EFTA01396412
--- PAGE 92 ---
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or 
obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of 
terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of 
its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any 
loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or 
gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share 
Tax-Exempt Investors. The Underlying Fund may 
entities that are treated as flowthrough 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) 
income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, 
transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax 
amounts of UBTI. A U.S. TaxExempt 
Investor's allocable share of Access 
subject to federal 
income taxation and might 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
only invest in the Access 
amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt 
may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition 
of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effectively becomes the 
which is denominated in 
that currency relative to 
foreign currency gain or 
loss rather than capital 
of such income or loss. 
(i) invest in operating 
generate unrelated debt-financed 
for example, from break-up fees or 
-Exempt Investors to incur material 
Fund income constituting UBTI would be 
be subject to state and local taxation as well. 
should 
Fund if they are willing to receive material 
Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund 
indebtedness resulting in a 
Tax-Exempt Investors. 
material portion 
EFTA01396413
--- PAGE 93 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its 
Interest, all or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI, regardless of 
whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not 
normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" are subject 
to a 100% excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further, certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax 
if the Access Fund engages in 
a "prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a "subsequently listed 
transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter 
transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special 
disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors 
are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
The Interests are being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors that are willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not 
willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund A Feeder Fund may be 
organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a 
Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat 
foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as 
foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Partner's U.S. federal income tax liability. 
Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally are considered to be from sources within the 
United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited 
Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each 
Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable 
to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or 
allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as 
creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable 
limitations on losses and 
EFTA01396414
--- PAGE 94 ---
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on 
the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner, Limited Partners are advised to consult their own tax 
advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information 
returns reporting its income, 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly 
allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing 
authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments 
resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional 
income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and 
partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund 
items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the 
Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any 
entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an 
interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit 
adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396415
--- PAGE 95 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with 
respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year 
under audit). 
United States Tax Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-U.S. 
Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, 
either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of 
stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions 
between themselves and those nonU.S. 
corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to 
certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the 
stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited 
Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that 
fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required 
to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-
U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The 
Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner 
in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability 
of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally 
required to file certain 
information with their annual U S. federal income tax return regarding 
interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. 
If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access 
Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such 
information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or 
other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. 
Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity 
is not currently subject to FBAR 
EFTA01396416
--- PAGE 96 ---
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the 
FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with 
their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend 
income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A 
Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain 
dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. 
Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of 
the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty 
identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment 
companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated 
as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable 
on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect 
to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of 
stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 
days before the date such shares 
become ex-dividend. For preferred stock, the required periods are increased 
from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods 
totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396417
--- PAGE 97 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, 
the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the 
extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make 
related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access 
Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective 
shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable share of qualified 
dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to 
include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction 
discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to 
qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund 
allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-
received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the 
net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold 
amounts. For U.S. individuals, 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted 
gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing 
separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a 
sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts are urged to consult their tax 
advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may 
be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income 
taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by 
various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is 
currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold 
EFTA01396418
--- PAGE 98 ---
assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, substantial 
limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and 
local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in 
the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to, among 
other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including 
the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, 
and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with 
respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each 
Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited 
Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar 
provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund 
must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the 
foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject 
to change by Congress. In recent 
years, there have been significant changes in the Code, some of which are 
being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. 
It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396419
--- PAGE 99 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or 
interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not 
undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments No rulings have been or will be 
requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of 
the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should 
consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax 
rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a 
complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. 
Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws, including state blue 
sky laws. The Interests are offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities 
Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor 
will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary 
private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status 
as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment 
in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely 
that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or 
resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the 
Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors are hereby notified of the 
EFTA01396420
--- PAGE 100 ---
following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of 
the Interests: 
Beginning in 2011, without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin 
Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in 
dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state 
statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James 
offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to 
adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' 
ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were 
not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers 
inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible 
ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required 
under the settlement orders. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396421
--- PAGE 101 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access 
Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange 
Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand 
(2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a 
result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 
Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will 
be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in 
Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only 
to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is 
available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering 
of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of "qualified 
purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(c)(7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely 
on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund 
meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to 
prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund 
from relying on Section 
3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund 
to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (i) will qualify for an 
exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) 
under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such 
exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from 
registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment 
Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice 
to claim such exemption 
EFTA01396422
--- PAGE 102 ---
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager 
will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended 
to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such 
exemptions. If any future 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose 
any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements, 
non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the 
Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests 
that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the 
General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should 
consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response 
to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and 
other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation 
verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use 
of funds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this 
information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396423
--- PAGE 103 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Furthermore, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to 
the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access 
Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, 
its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such 
representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall 
require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the 
Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, 
territory, individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") 
website, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or 
entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent 
to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly 
derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, 
including, any applicable antimoney 
laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any 
time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines 
are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to 
implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner 
nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European 
Union's Directive 2011/61/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the 
date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative 
Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not 
applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the 
Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any 
prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a 
relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA")2, when such marketing 
is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the 
EFTA01396424
--- PAGE 104 ---
Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that 
an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other 
retirement plans which are 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the 
ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit 
plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards 
under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment 
of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the 
prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan 
fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the 
Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, 
the risk of loss and the potential 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396425
--- PAGE 105 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's 
portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow 
needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding 
objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might 
constitute or give rise to a 
"prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion 
of the assets of an individual 
retirement account ("IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not 
subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan 
that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, or of an investment 
fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or 
plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the 
Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into 
account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the 
Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a 
market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests; such trustee or other person has 
authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an 
the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the 
"2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary 
relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain 
conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the "Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated 
institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a 
sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection 
with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were 
determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that 
the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the "Sponsor") had provided "investment 
EFTA01396426
--- PAGE 106 ---
advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary to a Plan investor, the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the 
Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner 
in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department 
of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to 
fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an 
ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access 
Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access 
Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets 
will not be treated as "plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in 
ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each 
class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and 
any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit 
plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes 
of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396427
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the 
General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance 
with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access 
Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. The 
General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in 
making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the 
assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be "plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other 
requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner 
and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to 
ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have 
improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be 
required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return ("Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be 
required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access 
Fund's service providers as 
"reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the 
extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation 
required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy 
the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as 
defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans are not subject 
to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments 
such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. 
Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund 
should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
EFTA01396428
--- PAGE 108 ---
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
* 
* 
* 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396429
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01396430
--- PAGE 110 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of 
its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any 
statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or 
information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent 
supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify 
or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures" in the 
Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to "this Memorandum" shall refer to the 
Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may 
not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to 
return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines 
not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). 
Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, 
representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without 
limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and 
tax structure, provided, however, 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) 
shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax 
structure of such transaction 
EFTA01396431
--- PAGE 111 ---
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead 
another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could 
reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide 
updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
EFTA01396432
--- PAGE 112 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of 
the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or 
expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs 
of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund 
and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or 
the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others 
(whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in 
respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process 
EFTA01396433
--- PAGE 113 ---
for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the 
Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of 
the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the 
costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise 
holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners, whether individually or in a group) attending 
meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for 
risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit 
Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and 
expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including 
administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including 
withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, 
including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental 
inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners 
will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that 
they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner 
of the Access Fund); provided, 
EFTA01396434
--- PAGE 114 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as 
determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited 
Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to 
its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses)., except as otherwise provided herein or in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including 
any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro rata share of management 
fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses 
payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by 
virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access 
Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access 
Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire 
interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund 
and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the 
respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of 
the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of 
the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners (which capital calls for 
indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from 
anycertain recalleds of Distributions (see "— Capital Calls" and "Limited 
Partner Giveback"), against 
certain expenses or losses. 
In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be 
obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be 
callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's 
EFTA01396435
--- PAGE 115 ---
obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in Limited 
Partner Giveback below. 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability 
or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund 
LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its 
capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return 
distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed 
the aggregate amount of25% 
of all distributions received by such Limited Partner (it being understood 
that additional amounts may be 
called fromfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise 
required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a 
Limited Partner would be 
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation); 
provided further that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the 18-
month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any 
proceedings or claims outstanding, the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside 
of a Limited Partner's 
Subscriptionthereof). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
EFTA01396436
--- PAGE 116 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk 
Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" 
is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
EFTA01396437
--- PAGE 117 ---
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain 
Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with 
The Access Fund may be required to repay 
creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions 
the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts 
the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. TheSubject to certain 
the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access 
distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. 
may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access 
to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk 
Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their 
any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities 
the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses 
indemnification granted under the 
the risk of loss and delay 
of the Access Fund, with the 
fair value of such securities as 
Risk Factors and Potential 
the changes as marked below: 
to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
previously received by it. In addition, 
that are 
restrictions in 
required to be withheld by 
the Partnership Agreement, 
Fund all or part of any 
all or 
affiliates 
incurred in 
and 
any portion of the Access 
Similarly, Limited Partners 
Fund is unable otherwise 
Factors and Potential 
marked below: 
General Partner, the 
representatives (including 
connection with the affairs of 
thereof) will be in addition to the 
EFTA01396438
--- PAGE 118 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations 
and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments 
of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying 
Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls 
from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. 
A Limited Partner's obligation 
to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's 
Subscription, and therefore will not be capped subject to certain exceptions 
and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any 
investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), are available to satisfy all 
liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund 
an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management 
costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions 
from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In 
addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnification 
expenses and certain other 
required payments, including transfer expenses, interest expenses in 
connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited 
partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
EFTA01396439
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396440
--- PAGE 120 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396441
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
EFTA01396442
--- PAGE 122 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750,000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND"). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL 
CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE "FCA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, 
AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY 
ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT 
THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED 
IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM "TAX TREATMENT" REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM "TAX STRUCTURE" REFERS TO ANY 
FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT 
TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, 
CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
EFTA01396443
--- PAGE 123 ---
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U.S. SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE "APPENDIX 1: 
NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE 
JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN 
FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) ("PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS"). THIS 
MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY 
TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
EFTA01396444
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE 
LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR 
INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)-
(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE 
OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS 
NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS 
WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT 
IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE 
NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT 
THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY 
RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS" AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST". 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE 
RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED 
HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD 
EFTA01396445
--- PAGE 125 ---
MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND 
AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR. 
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING 
IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P., SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY 
PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION 
OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE 
RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS 
LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER 
CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS 
FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page ii 
EFTA01396446
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE "U.S. ADVISER"). ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE 
SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING 
TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY," "WILL," "SHOULD," "EXPECT," "ANTICIPATE," "PROJECT," 
"ESTIMATE," "INTEND," 
"CONTINUE" OR "BELIEVE" OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON 
OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, 
INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN 
FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST 
CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE 
FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY 
JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE 
DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
EFTA01396447
--- PAGE 127 ---
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, 
SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER") OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF 
ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION 
HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE") NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE 
INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iii 
EFTA01396448
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ("CPO"), PURSUANT 
TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(A)(3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE 
INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND 
SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS 
ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY 
INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, 
PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED 
AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT 
UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, 
PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, 
THE INTHE-MONEY 
AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING 
INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN 
THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS 
PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS 
INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
EFTA01396449
--- PAGE 129 ---
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING 
WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN 
THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT 
ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL 
STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ("MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE"). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR 
INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED 
BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ("COVERED PARTY") ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH 
BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION 
WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE 
COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR 
COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO 
COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING 
SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT 
SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iv 
EFTA01396450
--- PAGE 130 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING 
DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN 
THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL 
CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH 
RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN 
REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE 
USED, BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE 
TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A 
LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES 
ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES 
A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS 
TRUE, 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS 
THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR 
QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY, OR 
TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF 
THIS 
PARAGRAPH. 
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
EFTA01396451
--- PAGE 131 ---
PURCHASERS OF SECURITIES THAT ARE EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN 
FLORIDA. 
"DOLLARS" AND "$" REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
EFTA01396452
--- PAGE 132 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Mich 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page vi 
EFTA01396453
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive 
Summary  
Section 2: Investment 
Performance  
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms  
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP  
Section 5: Fund 
Management  
Section 6: Summary of Terms and 
Conditions  
Section 7: Risk 
Factors  
Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest  
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations  
Appendices  
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific 
Jurisdictions  
Appendix 2 Privacy 
Notice  
Appendix 3 Anti-Money 
Laundering  
 101 
Appendix 4 Key 
Definitions  
 102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance 
Information  
 108 
Appendix 6 
Directory  
 111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General 
EFTA01396454
--- PAGE 134 ---
Partner  
 112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396455
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396456
--- PAGE 136 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396457
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, 
LLP ("Glendower Capital", "Glendower" or the "Manager"), an independent 
investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by 
the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of 
generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through 
the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (i) the 
acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, 
feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary" and, 
together, "Fund Secondaries"), (ii) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a 
"GP-led Secondary" and, together, "GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a "Single Asset Deal"). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-
Biroli and Charles Smith (the "Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment 
professionals. As described in "History" 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised 
outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed 
by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower, co-
founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the "SOF Business") in 2006 
after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion 
proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.1 Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and 
Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were part of the team initially assembled by the Managing 
EFTA01396458
--- PAGE 138 ---
Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of 
Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to 
become the "SOF Team" and, on and from August 1, 
2017, the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led 
the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III (collectively the 
"SOF Funds" or the "SOF Program") with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically: 
\Z SOF,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and 
held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
)Z SOF D,4 a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 
million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it. 
References to the "Glendower SOF Team" may also include investment 
professionals and other personnel that are subsequently hired by the 
Manager. 
SOF is a pool of capital dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 
2007, which was structured through three separate investment vehicles, DB 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P. ("SOF A"), DB Secondary Opportunities 
Fund B, L.P. ("SOF B") and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
("SOF C"), collectively "SOF". 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. ("SOF D") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 2010. SOF D is a Euro 
denominated fund. US$ values have been converted to Euros at the September 
30, 2017 rate of 1.1822. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396459
--- PAGE 139 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z SOF II,5 the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a 
final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
\Z SOF III,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 
with a US$1,654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations 
professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at 
Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, 
inter alia, Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their 
remaining term. Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice 
and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to 
the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the 
portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in 
relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance Information) any 
track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised 
prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the 
track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard 
to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not joined Glendower Capital were 
involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in 
respect of the investments made 
by the SOF Funds.7 
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to 
transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and 
valuations. 
\Z Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier 
cash distributions. 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment 
of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years), strategy, industry and 
EFTA01396460
--- PAGE 140 ---
geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to 
an institutionalized market where US$58 
billion8 was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including 
pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and 
family offices. 
\Z With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment 
(commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand 
balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9 
)Z Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of 
Fair Market Value ("FMV") since 201010 
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record 
secondary transaction volumes.11 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP ("SOF II") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first closing in 2011. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP ("SOF III") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first and final closing in 
2014. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF 
D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report, Bain & Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396461
--- PAGE 141 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target 
area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the 
market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tailend 
funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset 
liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment 
strategyl3 pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management14) in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is 
built around five main pillars: 
)Z A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million 
Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF 
Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017, the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an 
average deal size of US$40 million. 
\Z Pursuing a selective, true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth 
fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs 
larger levered beta players, the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3,000 potential deals since 2007 valued at 
around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
)Z Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing 
mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 
350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of 
purchase.15 
)Z Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has 
historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and limited at portfolio level, (ii) systematically 
implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (iii) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios 
across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries 
and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Deals16 adjusting to focus on the former during market 
corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a 
broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar structures), 
portfolios of direct private equity assets, and coinvestments 
EFTA01396462
--- PAGE 142 ---
in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower 
SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
.>Z Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's 
relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors17 and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.18 
\Z Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address 
their objectives, which often include nonmonetary 
factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of 
execution. 
.>Z Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF 
Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary 
funds. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Represents % of aggregate invested capital in the SOF Funds as of 
September 30, 2017. Past portfolio construction of the SOF Funds is not a 
prediction of the Fund's portfolio construction. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396463
--- PAGE 143 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Established track recordl9, 20 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance 
with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) 
and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to 
investors. More specifically: 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile 
performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group, with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI 
and 22% Net IRR. 
t SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top 
decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
)Z SOF II (2011, US$614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top 
quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
.>Z SOF III (2014, US$1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment 
period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI, 
0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
\Z Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
• Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub-delegated manager to the SOF 
Funds, generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital. 
\Z Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years2l before 
spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
)Z London and New York offices with established operational, integrated, 
self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
)Z Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 
12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
\Z Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion 
in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22 
Unique sell-side experience, having participated in the restructuring of 
Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.23 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
\Z Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after 
all fees, expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. This information reflects a comparison of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only. SOF Funds' 
performance may differ when compared to other benchmark data. 
EFTA01396464
--- PAGE 144 ---
Performance of the SOF Funds is not included in the data set used to 
calculate the benchmark data. Please refer to Section 2, Exhibit 2 for 
further 
information. 
The performance figures have not been audited and are based on the 
unaudited aggregated performance results of SOF, SOF D and SOF II and SOF 
III, collectively the SOF Funds, as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information which sets forth, amongst other things, important information 
regarding the performance described above. Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of subscription line facilities. 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF IV is expected to use) such facilities to manage 
capital drawdowns, as described in "Drawdowns and use of 
subscription line facilities" in Section 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds' 
performance data is not expected to be representative of the investment 
returns that will be experienced by investors in the Fund. Gross returns are 
gross of fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the 
investment level. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of their future performance 
or that of the Fund. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have 
worked together since 2003. Adam Graev became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396465
--- PAGE 145 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund 
Sponsors.25 
tZ Conducts a rigorous value driven, asset-by-asset, bottom-up analysis 
focused on: 
— Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company26 
— Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
\Z Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of 
interest between the Fund Sponsor and its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable, attractive assets 
with reasonable leverage and attractive "see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the 
investors in the Fund: 
.>Z The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 
1.0% of the Fund. 
.>Z The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to 
receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
.>Z The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals 
from Glendower Capital. 
tZ Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV, or any 
future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly, Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried 
interest or general partner's share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential 
conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest, which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information 
To the extent that such information is available. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
•
EFTA01396466
--- PAGE 146 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396467
--- PAGE 147 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to 
investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance 
of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, 
compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28 
Through September 30, 2017, the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 
transactions resulting in distributions 
of over US$1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net 
IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and 
over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 201730, 31, 32, 33 
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.0x 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
EFTA01396468
--- PAGE 148 ---
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
For discussion purposes only Source: Glendower Capital based on Preqin 
benchmark data for the median TVPI and Net IRR achieved by buyout 
funds for vintages of 1997 to 2017. Average buyout TVPI = 1.59x; Average Net 
IRR = 15.5%. Data as of September 30, 2017. For further 
benchmarking of Glendower Capital to buyout returns, please refer to Exhibit 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
"Invested" is defined as the sum of the purchase price and remaining 
unfunded obligation as of the time of closing, or time of expected closing 
for 
pending deals. 
The performance figures have not been audited and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance Information 
which sets forth, amongst other things, important information regarding the 
performance described above. The SOF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be representative of the investment returns that will be 
EFTA01396469
--- PAGE 149 ---
experienced by investors in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds is 
not a 
prediction of future performance. Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the 
DaVinci Portfolio — a well diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds 
purchased through an SPV, providing exposure to buyout, special situations, 
venture capital and real estate strategies in North America, Europe and 
Asia. The number of funds and companies is an estimate and shows the 
aggregate of each deal at closing and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ valued have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396470
--- PAGE 150 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). 
The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund 
Benchmark34, 35, 36, 37 
In Exhibit 3, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of 
September 30, 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage 
year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile38 
TVPI37 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.Ox 
SOF II 
SOF 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
15% 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
20% 
SOF II 
2.Ox 
SOF 
25% 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
EFTA01396471
--- PAGE 151 ---
DPI37 
2.5x 
Net IRR37 
35% 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
vintage year peer group. SOF and SOF D performance is not included in the 
data set used to calculate the benchmark data. Note that the performance 
figures in respect of SOF and SOF D have not been audited and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information. Past performance of SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance. 
Information presented in Exhibit 2 is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team. There can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & 
SOF III performance against one benchmark only. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II, SOF III or 
any other Glendower funds and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will 
achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved, but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team. 
Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction and should be read and reviewed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5: 
Important Performance Information which sets forth, amongst other things, 
important information regarding the performance 
described above. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396472
--- PAGE 152 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF, SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and 
invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital, Net IRR, TVPI and 
DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. 
Net IRR, initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be 
returned in around 24 quarters, or 6 years. 
Lastly, TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.85x range by the time funds 
are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the 
Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39 
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance40 
Past performance is not a prediction of future performance and therefore 
there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Size, Net IRR Development, TVPI (Total 
Value to Paid in Capital), DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital), as of 
September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based on the 
unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
Appendix 5: Important Performance Information which sets forth, among 
other things, important information regarding the performance information 
described in Exhibit 4. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns 
and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. Performance information on 
SOF D has not been included on this slide because SOF D is a single 
transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to underwrite pari-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF. Glendower does not expect that similar transactions 
will be available to SOF IV. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396473
--- PAGE 153 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market 
indexes including the MCSI World Index, Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all 
cases, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets4l 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
MCSI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare 
a Glendower investor's performance, but rather is disclosed solely to 
allow for comparison to that of certain well-known and widely recognized 
EFTA01396474
--- PAGE 154 ---
indices. Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate 
the PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same 
date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the 
total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in the 
index 
and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been 
treated using the "all in method". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Net IRR 
EFTA01396475
--- PAGE 155 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396476
--- PAGE 156 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in 
the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8, 
respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of 
Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Fund Name 
Investment Strategy 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in 
the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition of a diverse 
portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1.75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
Manager 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the 
FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to 
provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the 
Fund. 
Term 
Investment Period 
Target First Closing 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take 
place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share The General Partner will receive from the Fund an 
annual profit share as follows: 
(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments; 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
EFTA01396477
--- PAGE 157 ---
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit 
share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Carried Interest 
Clawback 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2.5 million. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396478
--- PAGE 158 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396479
--- PAGE 159 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
SOF IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor fund to 
the SOF Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the SOF Funds in the secondary market and will follow 
processes established by the Glendower 
SOF Team in the SOF Program.42 
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has 
generated strong returns in the SOF Funds to date,43 
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse 
portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and 
distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
1. Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
2. GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP 
tenders; and 
3. Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at 
the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies 
depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During 
the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their 
relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of US$5 million to US$100 
million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the 
opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the 
Manager's view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, 
focusing on funds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' 
or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager 
believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range — most 
Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the 
EFTA01396480
--- PAGE 160 ---
Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a 
situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above, the Fund will have the 
ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to 
invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net 
IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis.44 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team was able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Past performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance of either the SOF Funds or the Fund. Actual returns on unrealized 
investments may differ materially from returns indicated herein. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396481
--- PAGE 161 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow 
and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives, which often include non-monetary factors such as 
confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and 
referral sources amongst fund investors, 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement 
agents, investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source 
proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to 
achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best 
investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of 
sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
\Z The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of 
assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%, Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 
4%.45 
\Z Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by 
value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.46 
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors, such as 
confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to 
sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing 
transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non -
monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. 
A wide funnel and a narrow filter.47 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
EFTA01396482
--- PAGE 162 ---
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of March 19, 
2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396483
--- PAGE 163 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important 
element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
.>Z Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary 
investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investor's 
investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
\Z Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward 
profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors48 
In '000 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitgate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate 
3-Curve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash 
flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure 
across vintage, strategy, industry and geography. 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetic 
al timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
EFTA01396484
--- PAGE 164 ---
Timeframe of secondary investment 
11 
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the 
potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
\Z Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect 
current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market 
dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
\Z Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to 
analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
\Z Mitigation of 3-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn 
down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the 3-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of 
funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures — are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 
to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors 
receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. An investor in such a structure that 
requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the 
interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving 
regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led 
Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
This information is for discussion purposes. The graph is an example for 
illustrative purposes and the actual cash flow profile of any given 
investment 
may vary substantially. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396485
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA01396486
--- PAGE 166 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically 
over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners 
alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was 
typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity 
funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders, GP recapitalizations and 
structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time, the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 
trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled 
the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently 
transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.50 
Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and 
(ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that 
many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP-led Secondaries and active 
portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in 
this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and 
future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued 
prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented 
the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market 
for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) 
tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 
billion51 in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of 
supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 — 201752 
US$bn 
6x 
EFTA01396487
--- PAGE 167 ---
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
GP-led Secondary 
2012 
2013 
Fund Secondary 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more 
investors have entered the asset class, existing 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger 
commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM 
in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions Discussion Materials, May 
2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to Secondary Market, June 
2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396488
--- PAGE 168 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. 
The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key 
drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion53 
US$bn 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
2x 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PE54 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when 
evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 
93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that 
younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized 
assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than funds of more recent vintages whose assets 
still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively 
by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds, and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals 
EFTA01396489
--- PAGE 169 ---
without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived "out-of-favor" 
funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset 
selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller, may result in the ability to generate 
stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an 
auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity 
index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing 
captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The 
aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a 
number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,-
and does not factor in transaction structuring, 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, 
June 2017. 
Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018 
Private equity funds typically report information to their investors, 
including the net asset value of their investment, on a quarterly basis. 
Secondary 
market transactions are typically priced with reference to the net asset 
value of an LP interest as of a specific reporting date, the "Record Date". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396490
--- PAGE 170 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing — which 
taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)57 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low 
volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the 
secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to 
reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were very low because the high discount (to already low 
net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain 
amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, 
resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary Market Update, March 
2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396491
--- PAGE 171 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply / demand is balanced 
with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. 
US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower 
believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current 
market volumes, a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capital supply58 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced59 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Buyout 
Secondaries 
3.7x 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
2.2x 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary 
market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires 
to 
modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very 
EFTA01396492
--- PAGE 172 ---
disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 19660 of total transaction volume by 
value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional 
category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated 
in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now 
represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private 
equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and 
pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) 
public pensions, and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage 
vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report, Bain & 
Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 and Greenhill Cogent Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Deal flow information represents the aggregate deal flow by value 
reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1, 2006 and September 
30, 2017. Historical deal flow characteristics do not provide a prediction 
of future deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal 
flow 
will be comparable to historic deal flow. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396493
--- PAGE 173 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdown6l 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage58 
100% 
20% 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
80% 
60% 
58% 
40% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
0% 
2016 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
2017 
20% 
22% 
18% 
<2006 Pre-crisis 
43% 
2006-08 Pre-crisis 
39% 
>2008 Post-crisis 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-
of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not 
new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older 
vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs, or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant 
supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. US$600 billion of private equity assets 
still locked in 2003-2008 vintage funds. 
EFTA01396494
--- PAGE 174 ---
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Year62 
US$bn 
US$600 billion 
250 
226 
200 
201 
186 
150 
149 
137 
100 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Crisis 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Post Crisis 
2015 
2016 
129 
144 
193 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report — Private 
Equity and Venture Capital Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396495
--- PAGE 175 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing 
approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and 
restructurings, tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated 
the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the 
real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)65 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
7.1 
15% 
9.0 
20% 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 
2007 
2008 
EFTA01396496
--- PAGE 176 ---
2009 
GP-led secondaries 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of 
underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
t The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years 
resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity 
assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, 
which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
A greater and growing number of high-quality managers are now utilizing 
the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional 
capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
t Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led 
liquidity offerings and restructurings. Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2017. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, 
January 2018 and Evercore H1 2017 Secondary Market Survey Results. 
2017 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1.1 
1.9 
5% 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396497
--- PAGE 177 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
curiosities, Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown 
to be an important aspect of the market, 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the 
future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve 
liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities, Glendower has 
not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have 
noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. 
Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open 
communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a 
set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that 
characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large 
fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, 
value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment 
with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling 
rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that 
have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-led Secondaries 
with "Top Quartile" GPs66 
Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396498
--- PAGE 178 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary 
opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 
Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment 
strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which 
the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between US$1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager 
believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build 
diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below US$1 billion are forced to compete in the very 
competitive market for small fund interests, and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a 
fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than US$3 billion 
inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in 
generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its 
Strategy68 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market 
indexing 
• Global sourcing 
• Volume-driven 
3,000 
• 
M 
Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Global sourcing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
SOF II 
S 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF I 
>50 players 
100 
EFTA01396499
--- PAGE 179 ---
1996 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
Fund Vintages 
<$1bn 
$1-3bn 
>$3bn 
Glendower Capital 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
SOF III 
SOF IV 
—10 players 
10,000 
—10 players 
Sourcing strategies 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to 
sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have 
historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to 
actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, 
but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed 
towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be 
ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. 
These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, 
infrastructure, mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, 
together with its target deal size of under US$100 
Source: Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Source: Preqin database and Glendower Capital's own analysis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396500
--- PAGE 180 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through 
the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 
15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the 
portfolio — focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary 
pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this, some secondaries funds target interests in Fund 
Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these 
interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund 
interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the 
underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool 
risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment 
process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
origination 
and sourcing 
fi Top down 
identification of 
attractive assets 
fF Focus on key 
seller verticals 
fi Proactive calling 
efforts 
fr Logging of all 
potential deals into 
pipeline 
Screening 
and due 
diligence 
ff, Weekly review of 
pipeline 
fi Staffing and 
prioritisation 
fF Detailed bottomup 
EFTA01396501
--- PAGE 181 ---
due diligence 
fr Transaction 
negotiation and 
structuring 
Investment 
decision & 
closing 
fr Approval by 
Investment 
Committee 
ff Final negotiations 
ff Signing of 
transaction 
ff GP consent / other 
closing conditions 
ff FX hedging 
fr Closing 
Monitoring 
and risk 
mgmt 
fr Review of 
realisations and 
updates on 
performance at 
weekly meeting 
fr Ongoing 
evaluation of sale 
opportunities 
fr Formal quarterly 
valuation and 
performance 
review 
Investment 
realisation 
fr Review cashflows 
from underlying 
funds 
fr Evaluate and 
execute 
realisations where 
we have discretion 
fr Pipeline 
fr Valuation model 
fr IC memo 
fr PSA and 
subscription 
documents 
fr Valuation memo 
fr Quarterly review 
fr IC memo 
fr Sale documents 
EFTA01396502
--- PAGE 182 ---
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally 
competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships, which includes 
financial sponsors, Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity 
funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database 
listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Output 
Activities 
Step 
EFTA01396503
--- PAGE 183 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively 
source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and 
approach utilizes the following principles: 
\Z Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
\Z Focus on quality assets. 
\Z Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing, or is 
expected to distribute, carried interest. 
\Z Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
\Z Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a 
rigorous and disciplined value-focused, 
bottom-up due diligence69 
approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality 
investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous, value-focused bottom-up due 
diligence focused on: 
.>Z Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company. 
.>Z Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
.>Z Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
\Z Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
\Z Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as 
well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-
investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team 
will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key 
terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund 
Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include 
deciding, on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full 
due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment. 
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the 
Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This 
process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing 
negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via 
EFTA01396504
--- PAGE 184 ---
intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the 
portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the 
Manager to be appropriate, the Glendower SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including, for example, utilizing 
selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
To the extent information is available from the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396505
--- PAGE 185 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team 
members who completed the investment. 
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore 
believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the 
investment under-performs as against its business 
plan. 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower 
SOF Team will: 
.>Z Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in 
conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them.70 
\Z Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on 
the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
.>Z Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether 
there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
.>Z Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary 
and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary 
actions, steps or remedial processes. 
.>Z Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting 
and investor report. 
Z Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
— weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor 
the Fund's portfolio, review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash 
activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add 
value to an investment or exit an 
investment. 
— quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly 
valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the 
portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
\Z Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as 
investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the 
marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments 
in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-
led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set 
EFTA01396506
--- PAGE 186 ---
forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence 
process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and 
presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of 
information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed divestment. 
The extent of the Glendower SOF Team's interaction with Fund Sponsors, 
including by attending partnership meetings, will depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396507
--- PAGE 187 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396508
--- PAGE 188 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396509
--- PAGE 189 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its 
partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from 
Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has 
worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by 
Carlo and Charles in 2006, has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 billion 
of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York, with a 23-
strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 
years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, 
portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated 
manner when it was established in 2006.71 
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of 
relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of 
Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Brief biographies of 
the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. 
Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility 
as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated 
to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonti,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with 
Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on 
investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in 
respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. The Investment Committee, in addition to 
other matters, will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target 
EFTA01396510
--- PAGE 190 ---
investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments, and (iv) advise on the investment 
strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, 
Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the 
Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with 
decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Francesco Rigamonti will act as a senior advisor to Glendower Capital and 
is not a partner, officer or employee of Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396511
--- PAGE 191 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
From time to time, and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional 
persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 
2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's € 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 
to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary 
funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank, Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds; 
an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as 
a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil 
engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and 
an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome, Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer. Based in 
London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the 
restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
€6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a 
Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from 
Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary 
private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before 
then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture, growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
EFTA01396512
--- PAGE 192 ---
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial 
analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London, Chi is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 
2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the 
implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously, Chi 
completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London, Emilio is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe, the Middle East 
and Asia. Prior to Glendower, Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA, where he spent over five years focusing on 
secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a 
Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at 
Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, 
Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations 
(across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396513
--- PAGE 193 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. 
Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She 
is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche 
Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists, Alternatives (Americas), responsible for 
managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor 
relations for Paul Capital, serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum 
Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking 
at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor, 
Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamonti (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan, Francesco works 
with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible 
for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he 
worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, 
Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level 
professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the 
origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations, finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 
eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice 
President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
EFTA01396514
--- PAGE 194 ---
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a 
MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO Based in New York, Katie is the 
Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the 
SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, 
Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. She began her 
career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loidl (32), Vice President. Based in London, Victoria is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria 
graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London, Devrup is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 
five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF 
Business. From 2008 to 2012, Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated 
from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance, 
summa cum laude, from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is 
currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396515
--- PAGE 195 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Ferneini (34), Vice President. Based in London, Philippe is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining 
Glendower Capital, Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in 
the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School 
(Diplome d'Ingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smirnova (31), Vice President 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on 
origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets 
business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration 
with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President — Finance. Based in London, Louise is 
responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for 
in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management 
Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance, a 
with the SOF team previously from 2011 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom 
(Hons) in Accounting Sciences in 2003, 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
transaction team in valuing, executing and 
of Business and a Master of Engineering 
. Based in London, Elena is responsible 
the management company structure and 
functions for the platform. Prior to 
registered charity. Louise worked 
to 
EFTA01396516
--- PAGE 196 ---
monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. Jonathan graduated 
from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, 
having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and 
spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports 
the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring 
of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from 
Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction 
team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior 
to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheldon holds a MSc in 
Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale 
Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team 
members will be recruited over the coming six 
months: Investment Team Associate, London; Tax Vice President, New York; and 
a Fund Controller Associate, New 
York. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396517
--- PAGE 197 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396518
--- PAGE 198 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an 
investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. To the extent that 
there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will 
prevail. 
******** 
The Fund 
Investment Objective 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private 
fund limited 
partnership. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed 
opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target 
globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established 
generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and 
other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, 
a "Fund 
Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity 
fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke 
liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) co 
investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-
investment, a 
"Single Asset Deal"). Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset 
Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects 
that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at 
least four years. 
The General Partner 
EFTA01396519
--- PAGE 199 ---
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company, will serve as a general partner of 
the Fund (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint 
the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (the 
"Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in 
accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the 
business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
"Manager") is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under 
the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the "AIFMD") and its 
implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management 
and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and 
negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and 
advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and 
disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AIFM" (as defined in the AIFMD) and will 
assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion 
of the General 
Partner and the Second GP, will take all actions in respect of the Fund that 
constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will 
satisfy from the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396520
--- PAGE 200 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
("Glendower U.S."), to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment 
management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-
advisory 
agreement. 
Commitments 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ("Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion, although the General Partner may accept aggregate 
Commitments less than, 
or in excess of, this amount, provided 
exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team 
In order to subscribe for an Interest, 
execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to 
satisfy its "customer 
due diligence" obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a 
subscription for an 
Interest. 
Minimum Commitment The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund 
(collectively, the "Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP, the 
"Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser 
amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 
0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 
Manager 
from time to time 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Certain individual 
that aggregate Commitments do not 
Investment (as defined below)). 
a prospective Limited Partner must 
the General Partner in order to 
99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn 
in the form of advances to the Fund 
s that are partners or 
Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the "Team 
Limited Partner (as 
defined below). The Team 
aggregate 
Commitments. 
Closings 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the "First 
Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more 
down by the 
(each, an "Advance"). 
employees of the Manager and 
Investment") indirectly through the Special 
Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the 
EFTA01396521
--- PAGE 201 ---
additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First 
Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 
months after the 
First Closing (the "Final Admission Date"), provided that, if on the 15 
month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel 
Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date 
shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 
billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of 
the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each 
a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner") generally will participate in the investments, if any, 
made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally 
contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the 
Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at 
the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date 
of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to 
take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Drawdowns 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to 
pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, 
generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396522
--- PAGE 202 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, 
and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following 
occurs (the 
"Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period 
following a key 
person event (as described below)) After the end of the Investment Period, 
the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to 
make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment, (b) complete investments that were 
in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (c) fund follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate 
amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down 
Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's 
Share. 
Reinvestment 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be 
drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment 
received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but 
only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment; (ii) following 
the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in "Investment 
Period" above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for 
the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals; and (iii) 
distributions made 
EFTA01396523
--- PAGE 203 ---
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of 
the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund 
expenses. 
Key Person Event 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the "Key 
Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified 
replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key 
Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles 
Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially 
all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as 
defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary 
Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the "Permitted 
Activities"). The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 664j% 
in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified 
replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being 
suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be 
automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially 
all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the 
Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66ges in interest of 
the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances 
described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Diversification 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) 
no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396524
--- PAGE 204 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund 
Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary, (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base 
invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a 
primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been 
drawn down, 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested 
in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
"Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, 
an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate 
Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an 
amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing 
of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be 
outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the 
Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The 
Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from 
investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in 
portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for 
such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging 
arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings 
including its 
EFTA01396525
--- PAGE 205 ---
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be 
incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured 
by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
Hedging 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, 
interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of 
derivative transactions, 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit 
share (the "General 
Partner's Share"). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share 
quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other 
proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and 
each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable 
Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b) the commitment (or 
equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor; 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the 
Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn 
down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested 
in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an 
investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396526
--- PAGE 206 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund's "Invested Capital"); and 
(iii) for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term 
(including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share 
attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately 
preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), 
and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to 
each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the 
Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be 
equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its 
commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General 
Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 
"Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees." 
"Applicable Points" means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment 
(or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than 
US$50 million, zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or 
more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$100 million 
or more but less than US$150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis 
points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
"Legacy Investor" means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct 
commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing 
or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment 
to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the 
Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following 
EFTA01396527
--- PAGE 207 ---
Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, 
distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with 
respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such 
portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each 
Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time; 
(ii) Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal 
rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third, 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the "Special 
Limited Partner") 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner, 
12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the 
Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over (ii) the Advances of such 
Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited 
Partner. 
"Carried Interest" means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited 
Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of the Fund will be made in cash or 
marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396528
--- PAGE 208 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted 
securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the 
Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the 
manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will 
not be subject to 
Carried Interest. 
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required 
to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent 
that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as 
Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions" above) applied on an aggregate basis 
covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited 
Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received 
by the Special 
Limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of 
the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an 
aggregate amount 
not to exceed US$2,500,000, plus amounts in respect of applicable value 
added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees, 
will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the 
General 
Partner's Share. 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all 
normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund, 
including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in 
connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including 
EFTA01396529
--- PAGE 209 ---
without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase, structuring, holding and 
sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed); expenses incurred in connection 
with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of 
accountants, counsel, 
administrators, depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax 
filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting; 
litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will 
be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment 
opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any 
broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal 
expenses; provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-
up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
Transaction, Break-Up 
and Other Fees 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates 
may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees, 
advisory fees, break-up 
fees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the 
members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any 
related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the 
Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be 
applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated 
among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by 
each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if 
necessary. 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three 
voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the "Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member 
of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an 
investor in any 
EFTA01396530
--- PAGE 210 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396531
--- PAGE 211 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor 
affiliated with the 
General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel 
Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to 
appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as 
the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at 
least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, 
the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult 
conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will 
members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 66?1% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the 
General Partner, 
the Second GP, Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital, 
LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar 
investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed 
or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of 
the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its 
Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple 
objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund 
opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Subject to the "Successor 
and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment 
Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, 
of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and 
or before the Final Admission Date at 
with the Manager as to potential 
reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee 
third party investor funds with investment 
but are dedicated to pursuing investment 
or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund"). 
Funds" restrictions described above, the Manager 
vehicles, including Complementary 
the "Investment Platforms"), some 
investment committee members with 
EFTA01396532
--- PAGE 212 ---
those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the 
Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with 
its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable 
investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, 
regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their 
Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require, 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the 
Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a 
Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance 
with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited 
quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year 
only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. Limited Partners will also receive 
such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes 
to leverage, 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the 
opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment 
activities and 
portfolio. 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports 
regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an 
amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" 
below for 
inter alia, the prior written 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396533
--- PAGE 213 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
Alternative Vehicles 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in 
its sole 
discretion. 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct 
the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more 
alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle") if, in the judgment of the 
Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and 
would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Alternative Vehicle 
generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund 
(except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will 
be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses 
of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of 
determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General 
Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination 
that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
Parallel Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds 
(each a 
"Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. Any 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially 
similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an 
affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds 
which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate 
the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors 
in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant 
Parallel Fund, as the 
EFTA01396534
--- PAGE 214 ---
case may be. 
Side Letters 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or 
vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more 
Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for 
example, reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or 
altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a "Side 
Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the 
terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient 
than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic 
arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of 
particular investments, 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund, (iv) transfer to affiliates, (v) co-
investment opportunities, 
(vi) withdrawal events, (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution 
processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling 
a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election 
to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's 
pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future 
investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's 
investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely 
with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or 
transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) 
notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. Any additional rights 
established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter 
with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a 
Commitment equal to 
EFTA01396535
--- PAGE 215 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396536
--- PAGE 216 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side 
Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final 
Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective 
affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, 
members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a "Covered Person") will be liable to the 
Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund, except for 
(i) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross 
negligence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) 
any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any 
misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information, advice, 
materials, documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as 
approved 
by, the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material 
adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs 
and expenses, including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or 
become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating 
to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, except to the extent that such claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence, fraud, 
willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited 
Partners where 
EFTA01396537
--- PAGE 217 ---
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the 
General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The 
Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second 
anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 66% in interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of 
the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount 
equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar 
quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or 
investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in 
interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment 
would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the 
Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time 
following any 
material amendments 
Default 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make 
Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, 
including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the 
defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%, and (ii) 8%. 
Term 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject 
to the term being 
EFTA01396538
--- PAGE 218 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396539
--- PAGE 219 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year 
each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager, with the consent of the Fund Advisory 
Committee, for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and 
should not, 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor 
its own share of 
income, gain, losses, deductions and 
The Manager intends that the Fund be 
federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund 
federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S tax 
computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable 
deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether 
by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to 
incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute 
such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. 
As a result, 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. Prospective 
investors, in particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt investors, 
are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax 
consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment in the Fund. 
ERISA Considerations Investment in the Fund is generally open to 
institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs 
and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan 
investors" (within the meaning 
will be liable for tax on 
tax credits of the Fund. 
treated as a partnership for U.S. 
generally will not be subject to U.S. 
will be required to include in 
share of the items of income, gain, loss, 
and to what extent distributions are made 
EFTA01396540
--- PAGE 220 ---
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to 
less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult its own 
advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts 
of interest. 
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks 
and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the 
General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners 
as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & 
Young 
LLP. 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the 
Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to 
any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396541
--- PAGE 221 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited, an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will 
be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior 
to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's 
depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396542
--- PAGE 222 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396543
--- PAGE 223 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396544
--- PAGE 224 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should 
be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and 
the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their 
investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their 
own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Part A — Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity 
to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of 
the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of 
such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to 
the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be 
possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, 
legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically 
provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds, and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due 
diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, 
because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private 
equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries 
may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common 
investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the 
portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may, among other 
things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that 
underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund 
EFTA01396545
--- PAGE 225 ---
in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may fail to 
meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other 
Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven 
investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such 
management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each 
underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-
to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396546
--- PAGE 226 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio 
companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse 
financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or 
deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct 
or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a 
substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have 
experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new 
developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase 
and sale price of assets, and accordingly, 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or 
dispose of investments, the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such 
investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities 
of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely 
to be particularly risky, they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, 
payments to the underlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the 
Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a 
preferential payment. 
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early 
stage venture capital investments, which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of 
investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven 
technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. These companies often face intense 
competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical 
resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified personnel. To the extent there is a public 
market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The 
indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative 
EFTA01396547
--- PAGE 227 ---
and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments There can be no 
assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (if any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying 
funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore 
impact the valuation analysis of the Fund. 
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, 
will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly 
illiquid compared to other asset classes, and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the 
investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although 
there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for 
secondaries. Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The 
Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in 
portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such 
interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396548
--- PAGE 228 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be 
able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-
related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and 
real estate-related assets are subject to various 
risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic 
conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes 
in the availability or terms of financing, changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating 
expenses, environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, 
energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to 
acquire properties, risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of 
certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes 
or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose 
management and/or administrative costs, 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to 
the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to 
invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those 
underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in 
secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondaries 
transaction, such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest More specifically, 
where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund 
recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are 
attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund 
While the Fund may, in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, 
there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
EFTA01396549
--- PAGE 229 ---
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly 
independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying 
funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whole they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and 
expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on 
the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive 
incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying 
funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect 
offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will 
invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse 
against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management 
or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by 
reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396550
--- PAGE 230 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will 
generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into 
side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full 
prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Fund's term or otherwise. Although 
the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may 
have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B — Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty 
of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-
term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid, and there can be no assurance 
that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such 
investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund 
will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities 
Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that 
complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest 
generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject 
of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. 
only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a 
poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The 
performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by 
the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who 
have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is 
no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the 
to the greatest risk 
Since the Fund may 
high degree of risk, 
EFTA01396551
--- PAGE 231 ---
transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of 
the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms 
and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently, Investors 
should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of 
the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to 
Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of 
the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal 
rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the 
performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of 
dispositions, including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant 
uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the 
actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be 
valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396552
--- PAGE 232 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the 
control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns 
will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially 
affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may, directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are 
believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There 
can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the 
Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, 
borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection 
with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with 
borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the 
case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio 
held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to 
perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any 
such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and 
principal payments on the Fund's borrowings, 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of 
cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has 
deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or 
secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from 
drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn 
capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on 
subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched" together into larger, less 
EFTA01396553
--- PAGE 233 ---
frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money 
from such credit facilities. Any such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short-term in nature. 
The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net 
multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the 
preferred return, which will begin accruing when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or 
interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of 
accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carried interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return 
that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to 
borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. As a general matter, use of borrowings in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the 
Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of 
the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance 
data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current 
position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396554
--- PAGE 234 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as 
representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has 
not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AIMR) standards. No 
assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. 
Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns 
which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund 
depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the 
Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment 
opportunities against other investors, including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or 
the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial 
and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund, (ii) may make competing offers for investment 
opportunities that are identified by the Fund, 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by 
the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities 
available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be 
unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to 
acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that 
they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance 
that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to 
invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return 
objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not 
be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment 
objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of 
the Fund, including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and 
obligations of the Fund, Investors must rely 
EFTA01396555
--- PAGE 235 ---
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements, 
the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise, conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and 
expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance 
that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) 
throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the 
Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to 
discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Funds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful 
operation, and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive 
experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. 
Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's 
investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in "History" in Section 1: Executive Summary of this 
Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396556
--- PAGE 236 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at 
Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the 
SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser 
were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution, and, in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or 
otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. 
Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid 
investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political 
and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability 
of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will 
be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a 
lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly illiquid 
investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make 
distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in 
the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there 
is not a readily available public market, 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions 
or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and failure to 
do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation 
forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be 
unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when 
due. As a result, the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely 
affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been 
EFTA01396557
--- PAGE 237 ---
invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be 
reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments 
including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations 
under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund 
to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an 
Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investor's 
undrawn commitment to the Fund), during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment 
Period. 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection 
of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and 
other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment 
and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. 
No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or 
that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396558
--- PAGE 238 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. 
The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of 
private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables, and limited sources of useful 
valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore 
may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations 
will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be 
realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the 
amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation 
uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not, register as an investment company 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), and, accordingly, the 
provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority 
of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the 
securities of any other person and marked to clearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and 
regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional or 
unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local 
source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its 
subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable 
presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests, there is a risk that the 
relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any 
of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or 
EFTA01396559
--- PAGE 239 ---
such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD") 
together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as 
base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS 
with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating 
a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the BEPS project it is anticipated that new rules 
dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed 
will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a 
material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting 
and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the 
BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS, the European Council has 
adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect 
from no later than either January 1, 2019, 
January 1, 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member 
State. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396560
--- PAGE 240 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that 
result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some 
cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of 
investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the 
Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the 
Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in 
jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in 
which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund, its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation 
treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or 
any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to 
efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face 
unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any 
investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with 
reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to 
permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities 
resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund 
depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its 
investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. The ability of the Manager and its 
affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive 
incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is 
recognized by an investment partnership and 
EFTA01396561
--- PAGE 241 ---
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., 
carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any 
professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were 
enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. 
This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals, 
which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30, 
2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be 
committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its 
investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits 
criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and 
catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396562
--- PAGE 242 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or 
partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion 
facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent 
associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (ii) consider the offence in respect of the 
Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the 
Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-
investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the 
Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint 
ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager 
will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, 
structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may 
be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's 
objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where 
the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project, the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-
venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the 
Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, 
co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's 
investments. Any such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to 
Investors. In addition, the Fund may coinvest 
with other parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. 
Under such circumstances, there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such 
co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. 
In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
EFTA01396563
--- PAGE 243 ---
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate 
in existing investments of the Fund, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. Although such Investors will 
contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will 
reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify, and hold harmless, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on 
behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers, directors, employees, managers, agents of any of the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly 
or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory 
Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that 
such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, 
agents and other representatives); and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who 
serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and 
against any liabilities, actions, proceedings, 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by 
reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund, unless such liabilities, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, demands 
and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire 
investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be 
required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain 
limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396564
--- PAGE 244 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term 
instruments pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term 
investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying 
private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio 
companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the 
Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. Any 
decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative 
impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio 
company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company 
or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the 
portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the 
contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. The Fund may also be required to indemnify the 
purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure 
documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which 
might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect 
that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that 
they have received distributions from the Fund, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to 
return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which 
they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund, including any investments made by the Fund, are 
available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties 
seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular 
assets, such as the asset representing the 
EFTA01396565
--- PAGE 245 ---
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund 
disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, 
suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting 
Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required 
to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the 
information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to 
detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the 
Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. In addition, the 
Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; 
however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments, and the Fund may 
incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396566
--- PAGE 246 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in 
countries that are considered "emerging markets". 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in 
emerging markets countries. For example, 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory 
restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private 
investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, 
and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and 
regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change 
or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in 
countries outside the United States, the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. 
In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ 
significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The 
evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the 
Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect 
investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax 
resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently 
realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be 
undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the 
underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such 
organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees, the repatriation of 
capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their 
fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the 
General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with 
their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have 
EFTA01396567
--- PAGE 247 ---
acknowledged and agreed that, in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, as counsel to an underlying private 
equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a 
conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain 
additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors 
as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner. 
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as 
a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges 
under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the 
jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially 
more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such 
an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdown notice, which may have adverse 
consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396568
--- PAGE 248 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements 
with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a "Side Letter"). Any such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner 
to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in 
the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. Any such terms, including with respect to (i) 
reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates, (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, 
(iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be 
more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a 
Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to 
increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing 
economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of 
entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that, in recent years, the stability of certain 
financial markets has significantly deteriorated, certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit 
has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain 
circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's 
investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of 
economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price 
of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to 
provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity 
and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be 
highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
EFTA01396569
--- PAGE 249 ---
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly 
than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants 
in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation: Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's 
investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any 
instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could 
increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could 
also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., 
infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to 
other assets, such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sell certain 
investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash 
available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. 
Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. 
However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover 
increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services 
provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues 
generated by, and so the value of, such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating 
costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396570
--- PAGE 250 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return 
to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and 
credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the 
number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic 
constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid, preventing the 
Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may 
also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt 
obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an 
investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in 
U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and, as a result, 
the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will 
incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar 
revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to 
reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance, however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to 
enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may 
involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference 
currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars, their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the 
value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of 
converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a 
view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years, disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant 
decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a 
tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to 
obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund 
EFTA01396571
--- PAGE 251 ---
on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically 
require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price, these conditions may adversely affect the availability 
of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability 
to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the 
debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd -
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, 
such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory 
capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing, scope and cumulative effect of these 
regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to 
borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the 
Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, 
and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds, including changes to existing laws and regulations 
and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market 
commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments 
held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to 
alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative 
investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/-
or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms 
become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced 
scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures 
may be implemented. Therefore, there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396572
--- PAGE 252 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives 
will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its 
objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the 
Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets 
in which they operate and invest or the 
counterparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation 
or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, 
the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with 
future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave 
the European Union ("Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is 
entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable 
of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit, other European countries may seek to 
conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and 
others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European 
Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset 
management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund 
and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact 
opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or 
assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, 
including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private 
fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship 
with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an 
adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. 
EFTA01396573
--- PAGE 253 ---
Brexit may result in significant market dislocation, 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market 
risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in part to redenomination of financial assets and 
liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which 
may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and 
its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group 
dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK, meaning that instead 
the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of 
VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be 
related to changes in market conditions, the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law 
enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions, particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, 
the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to 
disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager 
may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its 
arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain 
information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors 
to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti-money laundering 
steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396574
--- PAGE 254 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor 
must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered. 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may 
provide to each Investor statements, reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's 
Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website ("Electronic Communications"). Electronic 
Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible 
with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of 
inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent 
receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service 
providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications 
systems to conduct business functions. 
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that 
could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General 
Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and 
protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, 
unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these 
systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within 
these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service 
providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the 
Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's 
systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss 
or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated 
with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their 
respective service providers to incur 
EFTA01396575
--- PAGE 255 ---
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or 
financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted so-called 
"pay-to-play" laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain 
contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments 
by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things, prohibit an investment adviser from 
providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such 
investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If 
the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their 
respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an 
adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in 
connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative 
returns, estimates, objectives, beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for 
illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a 
prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible 
to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. 
Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking 
information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and 
legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396576
--- PAGE 256 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information. 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR 
CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR 
PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396577
--- PAGE 257 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396578
--- PAGE 258 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager 
and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. 
The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an 
investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be 
deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived 
any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such 
conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect 
to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and 
certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been 
advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is, or may reasonably be, 
prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case, where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable 
transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential 
conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of 
the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the 
Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
Any broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment 
opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co-
investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest 
EFTA01396579
--- PAGE 259 ---
personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions 
may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the 
U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create 
an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make 
in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts 
of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the 
determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396580
--- PAGE 260 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund 
may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be 
the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the 
short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. 
A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the 
Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, 
with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund 
and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure 
of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in 
which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any 
duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396581
--- PAGE 261 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396582
--- PAGE 262 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396583
--- PAGE 263 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFMD73 
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held 
by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance 
with the UK AIFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 
820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation 
techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the 
investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a 
valuation committee (the "Valuation 
Committee") to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant 
investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual 
Investment. Deirdre Davies, the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also 
responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or 
portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Manager's portfolio management activities, and the 
Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may 
arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has 
sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
policy and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance 
obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Manager's valuation policy will be periodically 
assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies 
established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, 
amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-à-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a "closed-ended AIF" (as defined in the AIFMD) and the 
EFTA01396584
--- PAGE 264 ---
Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage. 
Manager's professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance 
policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the 
Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the 
Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
The Manager may provide further information as required under article 23 
of the AIFMD in a supplement to this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396585
--- PAGE 265 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"private fund limited partnership". The Fund Partnership Agreement will be 
governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership 
Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of 
adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that 
the courts of England and Wales have nonexclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the 
General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will 
become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited 
partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the dayto-day 
operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is 
actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in 
which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter 
alia, be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English 
law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by 
fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will 
disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the "Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur "leverage" within the meaning of the AIFMD.74 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "gross method" (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the "Delegated 
Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "commitment method" 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, 
then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the "Periodic 
EFTA01396586
--- PAGE 266 ---
disclosure" paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to 
Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable. 
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a description of how 
the Fund may incur leverage. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396587
--- PAGE 267 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Partner. 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
Any changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
the Fund. 
In each annual report. 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no 
net asset value of the Fund, (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the 
historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged, and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund 
will engage, a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the "Depositary") has been retained 
by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, 
including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping 
of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate 
any part of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention 
as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary 
may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to 
provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is 
delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
EFTA01396588
--- PAGE 268 ---
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary 
will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager, the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the 
depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, 
wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of 
the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396589
--- PAGE 269 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered 
and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in 
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. 
only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement 
representations, including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a 
view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests 
for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or nonU.S. 
securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is 
extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the 
General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have 
triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation D but occurred before the rule's effective date, 
September 23, 2013, including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General 
Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
"In September 2008, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ("CSSU") reached an 
agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities 
Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment 
products generally known as 
"auction rate securities." Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's 
consent, a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in 
dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to 
supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to $550 
million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of $15 million. 
Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing." 
EFTA01396590
--- PAGE 270 ---
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to 
Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement 
agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
"Beginning in 2011, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Raymond James 
Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively "Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, 
the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or 
engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant 
state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that 
Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately 
characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with 
these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the 
risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to 
ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately 
described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to 
purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have 
completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders, Raymond 
James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing." 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396591
--- PAGE 271 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of 
more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, 
these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to 
acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, 
arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances, the Fund may be required to aggregate 
its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on 
behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, 
together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect 
to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class 
of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of 
directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for 
short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the 
short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. 
and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the 
Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment 
Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not 
limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose 
outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by "qualified purchasers," as defined under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require 
that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and 
undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the 
U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in 
EFTA01396592
--- PAGE 272 ---
offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an "Eligible Non-U.S. Investor") 
or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an "Eligible U.S. Investor") (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. 
Investors, together, "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject 
to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that 
would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab initio 
and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder 
of an Interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such 
Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to 
avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act; however, under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), 
only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the 
Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). 
Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill 
or training nor does it imply any endorsement, 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396593
--- PAGE 273 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with 
the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity 
pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose 
interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public 
in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest 
positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail 
forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined 
at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's 
portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, 
that, in the case of an option that is in-themoney 
at the time of purchase, the in-the-money amount as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such 
positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation 
value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it 
has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a 
disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon 
the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently, the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this 
offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans 
that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of 
Labor ("DOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their 
legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider 
their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently 
and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should 
consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
EFTA01396594
--- PAGE 274 ---
standards under ERISA, (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the 
prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in light of 
limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the 
appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the 
investment will give rise to a "prohibited 
transaction" within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the 
Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA 
acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a "publicly 
offered security" nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment 
of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided 
underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (i) ownership of each class of 
entity by "Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 
such class of equity interest then outstanding, 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest 
in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "25% Test"), or (ii) 
the entity is an "operating company," including 
a "venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a "plan, account or arrangement" within 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Company Act, the assets 
interest in each of the 
equity interest in the 
25% of the total value of 
EFTA01396595
--- PAGE 275 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan 
assets" by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of 
which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not 
satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of 
the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity 
interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets 
(or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in 
compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
ERISA. In this connection, the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the 
withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required 
to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions 
of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried 
interest set forth in Section 6: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
"eligible indirect compensation" for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA 
should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in 
the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion 
does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on 
laws, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), regulations and other authorities in effect 
as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The U.S. 
EFTA01396596
--- PAGE 276 ---
federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among other things, significant 
issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the 
case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities, life 
insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors), with reference to any special issues that investment in 
the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor 
in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S 
federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its 
distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit It is possible 
that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such 
Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to 
file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax 
return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new 
partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the 
event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit 
procedures, the "Partnership Audit Rules"). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396597
--- PAGE 277 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, an audit resulting in 
an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of 
any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment, may 
be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be 
required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such 
Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the 
adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the 
adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to 
each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such 
person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or, in 
the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other flow-through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required 
to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a PushOut 
Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting 
underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise 
be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit 
procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will 
not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in nonU.S. 
corporations treated as "passive foreign investment companies" ("PFICs"). A 
U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an 
interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest 
charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor 
(or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a "qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with 
EFTA01396598
--- PAGE 278 ---
respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's 
current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and 
ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by 
a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the 
receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect 
to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report 
with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations" ("CFCs"). A U.S. 
Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. 
Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a 
CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through 
Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income 
to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund 
Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and 
source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Restrictions on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is 
anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as 
miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is 
an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be 
permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 
2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. 
In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business ("Operating Partnerships"), the "passive activity loss" rules, 
the "at-risk" rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such 
investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396599
--- PAGE 279 ---
EFTA01396600
--- PAGE 280 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational 
expenses rateably over 15 years, or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering 
expenses, including placement fees. A noncorporate 
taxpayer is not permitted to deduct "investment interest" expense in excess 
of "net investment income." This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-
corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investor's investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such 
investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for "business interest" may be subject to 
further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed 
under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors 
may be able to deduct a portion of any 
"qualified business income" arising from certain trades or businesses held 
by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, 
the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make 
investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to 
provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. 
Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans, are subject to the tax on unrelated 
business taxable income ("UBTI"). UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried 
on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness, and certain insurance income received from or 
attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for 
purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, 
including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) 
borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a 
result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General 
Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor 
in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential 
EFTA01396601
--- PAGE 281 ---
tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker" structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations applicable to a nonresident 
alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment 
in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to 
non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, 
former U.S. citizens or residents, and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a "tax home" in the U.S. Non-U.S. 
Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion 
assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., has and will 
have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not 
been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends, etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest 
(subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in 
a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) "engaged in 
trade or business within the United States" is itself considered to be 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a 
non-U.S. corporation, the "branch profits" tax), 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its 
income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business ("ECI"). A non-U.S. 
person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its ECI may subsequently be precluded from 
claiming deductions related to the ECI and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain 
Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396602
--- PAGE 282 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
ECI. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S., the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, 
and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business 
determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation 
U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying 
Investor's share of the net income of 
Operating Partnership); and 
• 
(whether or 
gain, loss, deduction 
not distributed) as 
rules) generally applicable to 
U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. 
the 
non-
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the 
disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the 
disposition of and interest in the Fund, in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-U.S. Investor's share of 
any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting 
from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such 
fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S. 
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a 
rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion 
of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as ECI, the proceeds 
of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It 
is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that 
Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a 
refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits 
tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the "dividend equivalent amount" of a non-U.S. corporation, which is 
approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's earnings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated 
as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI 
for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced 
rates of, the branch profits tax for "qualified 
EFTA01396603
--- PAGE 283 ---
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the 
non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the 
Fund may offer a "blocker" structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. 
If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 
"United States real property holding corporation" 
("USRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of 
such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch 
profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. 
Investors may be required to file Form 8865, 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, 
reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to 
the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses, deductions and credits to the Investor 
and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required 
to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers 
of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to 
disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. 
Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to "reportable transactions" are 
applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments), Investors that are 
required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain 
Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain 
documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest 
is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an 
Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain 
types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396604
--- PAGE 284 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction 
undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to 
comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional 
reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt 
Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax 
consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return 
filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in 
Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return 
reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. 
Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state 
and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating 
to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this 
Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each 
Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the 
tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited 
partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be 
operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These 
characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such 
that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading 
rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the 
EFTA01396605
--- PAGE 285 ---
following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate 
taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead, the income and capital gains or losses of the 
Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally 
regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which 
reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated 
as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look 
through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own 
share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains 
in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of 
the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the 
assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part 
of a trade (e.g., financial traders, such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK 
through a UK representative, which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances, 
the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income 
tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership 
tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported 
in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396606
--- PAGE 286 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly, HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to 
disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer 
reference ("UTR") number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should, therefore, be aware that an investment in the 
Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue & Customs or (b) provide the General Partner 
with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may 
be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns. 
Taxation of UK resident investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax 
purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance 
with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on 
the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax 
purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on 
some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the 
detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on 
dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a 
£5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received 
directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Fund's investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject 
to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5,000 to £2,000 
from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% 
for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e.g., debenture interest) received 
directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax 
liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any 
such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an 
appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of 
EFTA01396607
--- PAGE 287 ---
UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its 
interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be 
treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising 
on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal 
proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against 
any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets, may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire 
such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this 
effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive 
distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an 
Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors, 
there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the 
assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the 
market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the 
asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be 
applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different 
considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396608
--- PAGE 288 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"Offshore Fund Rules") may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 
"offshore fund." The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that 
the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an 
Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as 
income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as 
a "reporting fund" or "non-reporting fund" 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily 
resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made 
an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies 
should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be "controlled foreign companies" for UK tax 
purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies 
and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee 
company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an 
apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be 
treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets, including 
those which are subject to the "loan relationship" 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009, generally on a basis 
reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, 
gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. An Investor's actual share 
in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the 
Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax 
on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax 
on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from 
such income at source. Interest income 
EFTA01396609
--- PAGE 289 ---
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. 
Certain Investors may, however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK 
resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with 
which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK 
resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
return to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, 
certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an 
Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK 
and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not 
normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may, however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an 
individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of 
absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who 
holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade, whether carried on within or outside the UK, to whom 
different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited 
partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. 
This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in 
relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust 
or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the 
trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396610
--- PAGE 290 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
FATCA and other international disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance ("FATCA"), a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed 
in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018, of property that can produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31, 2018 (or, if later, the date on which 
the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments" are published) by certain foreign financial 
institutions (such as banks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to 
withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as 
"attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 
intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IGA") 
relating to FATCA, and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations 
to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, 
the "UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the 
Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information 
about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. 
Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA 
withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not 
distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status 
to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not 
subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental 
agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any "substantial" U.S. 
owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such 
entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor 
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor"). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to 
provide such information and documentation and 
EFTA01396611
--- PAGE 291 ---
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related 
entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other 
non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these 
requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner 
for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with 
the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an 
Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an 
Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA. 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application 
of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In 
addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the 
United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on 
the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such 
reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each 
Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an 
Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with 
any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and 
Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or 
investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396612
--- PAGE 292 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce 
or eliminate certain of these taxes. Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with 
respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations. 
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be 
withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be 
treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent 
that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor 
shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a 
distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of 
an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle. The tax consequences in the case of an 
alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax 
adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396613
--- PAGE 293 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396614
--- PAGE 294 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396615
--- PAGE 295 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the 
purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy 
itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition, 
holding and disposition of an Interest, including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other 
formality prescribed in such jurisdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and 
no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for 
that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal 
requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some 
legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional 
confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with 
the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor 
or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor 
may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing 
of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents, where such disclosure would violate the securities 
laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM 
is the Manager, itself an EU AIFM. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, 
this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Interests, shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member 
state of the European Economic Area that 
are "professional investors". For these purposes, a "professional investor" 
is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may, on request, be treated as a professional 
client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
EFTA01396616
--- PAGE 296 ---
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place 
(in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying 
as "professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA"). Accordingly, prospective investors should 
acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing 
to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the "FIN-
FSA") in accordance with the AFMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities" as defined in the SMA, based 
on the exemptions set forth in the SMA, the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements 
of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an 
investment firm (Fi: sijoituspalveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki, 747/2012, as 
amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private 
information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. 
This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed 
publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as 
defined above in the EEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors" but not to "private 
investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396617
--- PAGE 297 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Act (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch)). 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or 
indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that 
are professional investors (professionele 
beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing 
regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is 
subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by 
Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made 
available, nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than 
under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act 
(1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund 
in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds 
(Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered 
hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act 
(2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013, as amended 
(the "AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the 
purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the 
United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD 
Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by 
the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 
of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no 
EFTA01396618
--- PAGE 298 ---
disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Corporations Act"). Any offer of the Interests does not 
purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act 
and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a "wholesale client", a "sophisticated investor" or a 
"professional investor" (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as 
a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be, and is not required to be, lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made, and any financial services in connection with the 
interests will be provided, in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement 
to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The 
Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the 
Central Bank of Bahrain. This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for 
the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the 
performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396619
--- PAGE 299 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the 
applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities 
Commission (Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained 
herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be 
passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and, as such, it is not 
and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an invitation or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for 
any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This 
Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular, notice or other materials issued in connection therewith, shall 
not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used 
by, the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales, and 
allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have 
not been delivered to, registered with, 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam, the 
authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order, 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other 
law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The 
recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law, 
tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province 
or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited 
Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to 
Limited Partners purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as 
defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and are permitted clients, as defined in 
EFTA01396620
--- PAGE 300 ---
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of 
Offshore Securities (el Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance 
Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other 
offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile, other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a 
private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act (la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (an offer that is not 
"addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests, whether 
by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, 
distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC, and the Interests may not be offered, distributed 
or resold to the public in the PRC, or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC, without compliance with PRC 
law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not 
include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public 
offer in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396621
--- PAGE 301 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be 
registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (el Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) 
maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed 
on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and 
regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, 
the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia, except under circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is 
provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The 
Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is 
carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion 
of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not 
financial products, (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (iii) 
do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in 
particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated 
in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance 
with any such laws and regulations. In addition, 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any 
responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or 
permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, 
sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund, 
which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the "DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the 
offering or the Interests have been approved, 
EFTA01396622
--- PAGE 302 ---
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or 
verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, document or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, 
neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify 
the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult 
an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are 
"Professional Clients" for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a minimum subscription of 
at least US$50,000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and 
must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a "Retail Client" for the 
purposes of, and as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396623
--- PAGE 303 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been 
delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 1987, and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of public offer in the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being 
made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and 
Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means 
of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an 
offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or 
distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not 
be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than 
to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Israeli 
Securities Law"). 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own 
examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not 
been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the 
avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
EFTA01396624
--- PAGE 304 ---
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under 
the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the "Israeli 
Investment Advising Law"). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited 
Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws 
of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli 
Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests, a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund 
that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and 
sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale 
to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to 
the legal, tax, financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in 
the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or 
resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be 
aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396625
--- PAGE 305 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the 
application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 
2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation 
since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2, paragraph 3, item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified 
institutional investor (a "QII") as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3, item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order 
regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons 
other than (i) QIIs or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law ("Qualified Non-QIIs"). 
The number of Qualified Non-QIIs in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests 
shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the 
FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers 
article 234-2, paragraph 2, item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the 
General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QII may be made to persons other 
than QIIs. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-QII in Japan may be made except for the transfer 
by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially 
Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors, etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-
called, the "QII-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-
targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its 
recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by 
accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient 
elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. 
Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. 
An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other 
market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should 
EFTA01396626
--- PAGE 306 ---
read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights 
relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan, this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) 
No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, 
Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The 
Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other 
relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or 
public offering is, therefore, restricted 
in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of 
the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used 
to offer or market the Interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor 
(inversionista institucional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista calificado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities 
Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
"Securities Market Law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry 
of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any 
means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market 
Law and its regulations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the 
solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, 
offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396627
--- PAGE 307 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico, and any 
resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to 
Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all 
claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destinataire du present document reconnait avoir une parfaite maitrise de 
l'anglais et renonce a tout recours fonde 
sur une mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or 
subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any 
statutory modification or re-enactment of, or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) ("FMC Act"). Accordingly: 
(i) 
(ii) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in 
New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 
of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an "investment business"; 
(b) meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of 
Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(c) 
is "large"; or 
(d) 
is a government agency, 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the 
Interests, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this 
Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests, in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your 
information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. 
EFTA01396628
--- PAGE 308 ---
This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as 
amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the "Executive Regulations"). 
The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a 
licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of 
Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in 
or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to 
the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to 
constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The 
recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or 
approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or 
any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman, nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, 
the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the 
Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient 
of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive 
Regulations) and has such experience in business 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396629
--- PAGE 309 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto 
Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
Inversion y sus Sociedades Administradoras or under Decreto Legislativo 861: 
Ley del Mercado de Valores (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors 
only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the 
Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro Public) 
del Mercado de Valores) maintained by, and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the 
Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in 
the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically 
intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be 
treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the 
Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment fund or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an investment 
company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or 
approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or 
difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Any distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such 
recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except 
to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority 
(the "CMA"). 
EFTA01396630
--- PAGE 310 ---
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents 
of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor 
may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the 
recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396631
--- PAGE 311 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting 
investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of 
this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea, including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial 
Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC") in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea, and the Interests may not be offered, 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts 
and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory 
Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered 
with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant 
or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. 
There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified 
investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006, as amended ("CISA") and Article 6 of 
the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ("CISO") (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not 
been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents, Fund Documents and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests 
offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of 
Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
EFTA01396632
--- PAGE 312 ---
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute 
related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of 
the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
"Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through 
the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the 
appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and 
other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will 
be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is 
authorized to pass on distribution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of 
the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined 
under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA, banks, 
insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers 
exclusively through a written commissionbased 
investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers 
or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the 
recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, 
of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual 
amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396633
--- PAGE 313 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund to the investor requiring information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners 
(including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs 
incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid 
from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the 
basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and 
demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by 
way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been 
approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed 
or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a 
foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates 
(the "UAE"), the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA") or any other authority in the UAE 
(collectively, the "UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory 
Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market, offer or sell the 
Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of 
this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps 
to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not 
been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations 
as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA. 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of 
securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. 
The Interests may not be offered or sold 
EFTA01396634
--- PAGE 314 ---
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be 
consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
(i) 
(ii) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE; or 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund 
and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion 
by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed 
as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker, dealer or advisor under applicable laws of 
the UAE, and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or 
selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE 
investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. This Memorandum is for the information of prospective 
investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering, the Interests, the Fund and 
this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own 
examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396635
--- PAGE 315 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration 
contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to 
the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D 
thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws 
of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only 
and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state 
securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered 
as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396636
--- PAGE 316 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural 
body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below — (B) Notice to Investors that are 
— to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's 
investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners, officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital, LLP assuming responsibility 
as the "data controller" on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that 
from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is 
provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital, LLP (the "Data Controller") will be the "data controller" 
for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service 
providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy 
Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controller may include 
name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), 
tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your 
personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited 
to, (i) in connection with applicable "know your 
client," anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable 
laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate 
with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become 
necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your 
investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's 
administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services, LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any 
bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc 
will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's 
auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
person (e.g., a 
Natural Persons 
is a non-natural person 
EFTA01396637
--- PAGE 317 ---
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset 
thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share your contact details with 
other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the 
United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic 
Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA 
that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of 
America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the 
purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable 
to state at the outset how long that period 
will be; it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and 
may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to 
comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration 
and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in 
the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data; 
• obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the 
purposes for which your personal data 
is being used; (ii) the categories of your personal data being used; (iii) 
to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01396638
--- PAGE 318 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will 
be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its 
use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the "ICO") or other 
supervisory authority; and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without 
undue delay; 
• have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain 
circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was 
collected; (ii) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations 
including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully 
but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for 
which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the 
contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has 
transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless 
it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
* 
* 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your 
information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital, LLP 
at 16 Berkeley Street, London, W13 8DZ, 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal 
data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory 
authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: www.ICO.org.uk. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
EFTA01396639
--- PAGE 319 ---
EFTA01396640
--- PAGE 320 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from 
being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any 
designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person 
who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the 
Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of 
any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such 
information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification 
purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investor's subscription for an Interest, and any funds received 
will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager 
or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case 
the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business 
that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must, notwithstanding any 
obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply, report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities 
pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the 
Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if 
necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite 
documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the 
above personal or institutional information 
change, such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) 
and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the 
Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the 
benefit of, any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the "Sanction Regulations"). The 
Manager and its designee may undertake 
EFTA01396641
--- PAGE 321 ---
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations 
and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person 
holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. The Manager also may be 
required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners 
of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a 
person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations, the Manager may be 
obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
EFTA01396642
--- PAGE 322 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25% Test 
Administration 
Agreement 
Advance 
Advisers Act 
AIFMD 
Alternative Vehicle 
Benefit Plan Investor 
BEPS 
Brexit 
Carried Interest 
CFCs 
CFTC 
Closing 
Code 
Commitment 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The administrative services agreement, to be entered into at or around the 
date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
An amount equal to 99.99% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be 
drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund. 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU). 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the 
right, in connection 
with any investment, to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited 
Partners to be made. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Base erosion and profit shifting. 
As defined in Section 7: Risk Factors. 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs 
(iii) and (iv) of 
the "Distributions" paragraph of Section 6: Summary of Principal Terms and 
Conditions. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit 
additional 
Investors. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
A Limited Partner's commitment to the Fund. 
Complementary Fund A multiple third party investor fund with investment 
objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset 
categories or strategies. 
EFTA01396643
--- PAGE 323 ---
Covered Person 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, 
partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them. 
CPO 
Data Controller 
A "commodity pool operator" for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3). 
Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
EFTA01396644
--- PAGE 324 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or 
around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
Deutsche Bank 
DOL 
dollars, US$ or $ 
DPI 
ECI 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
ERISA 
EU AIF 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
FFI 
Final Admission Date 
First Closing 
FMV 
foreign passthru 
payments 
FSMA 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
U.S. dollars. 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
An "alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, 
registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will 
invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The last date on which Investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
EFTA01396645
--- PAGE 325 ---
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
Fair Market Value. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
EFTA01396646
--- PAGE 326 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The advisory committee, comprising representatives of certain Limited 
Partners, established 
by the Fund to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential 
conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters. 
Fund Documents 
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Sponsor 
General Partner 
General Partner's 
Share 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect 
of the Fund. 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund. 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private 
equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund, feeder fund or other similar structure). 
A general partner, manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
The profit share distributed to the General Partner by the Fund. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership. 
Glendower SOF Team As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
GP 
GP-led Secondary 
Gross IRR 
Interest 
Invested Capital 
The general partner, manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying 
investment fund. 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the 
secondary market. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return. 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund. 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited 
Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, 
at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment 
(or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments. 
Investment Committee An investment committee to be established by the 
EFTA01396647
--- PAGE 327 ---
Manager that, inter alia, will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund. 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the 
Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
EFTA01396648
--- PAGE 328 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the 
earliest to occur of 
(i) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date. 
Investment Platforms 
Investment 
Restriction Base 
Investor 
IRS 
Key Persons 
LIBOR 
Limited Partner 
LP 
Manager 
Managing Partners 
Memorandum 
NAV 
Net IRR 
OECD 
Offshore Fund Rules 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) 
sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates. 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 
US$1.75 billion 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination 
and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the aggregate 
Commitments. 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their 
replacements). 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
A limited partner of the Fund. 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Glendower. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith. 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented 
EFTA01396649
--- PAGE 329 ---
from time to 
time. 
As defined in Appendix 5: Important Performance Information. 
Net Internal Rate of Return. 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to 
accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
EFTA01396650
--- PAGE 330 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
QEF 
RVPI 
Sanction Regulations 
SEC 
Second GP 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Collectively UK sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions 
administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for the description of the 
limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners 
which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing 
the General Partner's 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
SOF 
SOF A 
SOF B 
SOF C 
SOF D 
SOF II 
SOF III 
SOF IV or the Fund 
SOF Business 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
Program 
SOF Team 
Special Limited 
Partner 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more 
private equity fund 
sponsors. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A, SOF B and SOF C). 
EFTA01396651
--- PAGE 331 ---
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment 
program. 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III, collectively. 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
EFTA01396652
--- PAGE 332 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Partner 
Team Investment 
Total Value 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
U.S. 
U.S. Adviser 
U.S. IGA 
UBTI 
UK 
UK AIFM Regulation 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First 
Closing. 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or 
employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the 
U S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The United Kingdom. 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
Valuation Committee 
withholdable 
payments 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
EFTA01396653
--- PAGE 333 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions 
to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI, etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts 
net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds' 
carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses. 
Gross multiple: Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ("Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at 
the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is 
based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later 
date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the 
remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or 
negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value ("NAV"): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' 
investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information 
it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying funds. 
Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially 
from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term 
value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized 
appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ("Net IRR"): calculated as a net return and is 
based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the 
value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value 
(positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-in Capital ("RVPI"): Represents the value of the SOF 
Funds investors' interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net 
EFTA01396654
--- PAGE 334 ---
of the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the 
stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI = DPI + RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs 
in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on 
the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners, even in instances where a fund 
or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the 
fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' 
capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross 
IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant 
investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account 
to investors. Therefore, if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly 
from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings, which would shorten the time between such contribution and 
distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis: Any benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of 
the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or 
indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ 
different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
EFTA01396655
--- PAGE 335 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds; (ii) the performance information respect of 
each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or 
accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the 
SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not 
necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche 
Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF 
Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The 
Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations, rules and guidelines, including, 
but not limited to, the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204-2 
thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide 
recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF 
Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment 
performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the 
investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations 
professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted, the performance information contained in this Memorandum 
is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans 
as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not 
representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the 
financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the 
underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they 
have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of 
public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
EFTA01396656
--- PAGE 336 ---
Except where designated as "net," the projected returns and financial 
information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. 
Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive 
distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant 
reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this 
Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such 
factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including 
(without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the 
actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other 
events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained 
herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only 
as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date 
indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may 
ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur 
or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain "forward 
looking statements." These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the plans, projections, 
objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not 
historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant 
uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. 
Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, 
global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
EFTA01396657
--- PAGE 337 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
EFTA01396658
--- PAGE 338 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Special 
Counsel to the 
General 
Partner and 
the Manager 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Gresham Street 
London, EC2V 7NQ 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu, KPMG or 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
(UK) Limited 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
Global 
Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Management Limited 
Regional Placement 
Agents 
Raymond James & 
Associates, Inc. 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
EFTA01396659
--- PAGE 339 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the 
board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman 
Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Alan is also a director of 
Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ("Circumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts 
as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds, private equity funds, 
general partners of limited partnerships, 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and 
various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over 
twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, 
securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. 
He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Florida State University and received his Certified Public Accountant 
certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past 
president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of 
the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of 
the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
Kirsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett 
University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she 
joined Circumference in 2007, where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of 
companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited 
partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in 
the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland, the 
UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private 
equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad 
knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and 
has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S., European and Asian firms. Prior to 
becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client 
EFTA01396660
--- PAGE 340 ---
Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the 
strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. 
Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated 
with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.), 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
EFTA01396661
--- PAGE 341 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Europe, MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
EFTA01396662
--- PAGE 342 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
EFTA01396663

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396664.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396664.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access 
Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC 
("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider 
the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund") and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and 
each an "Access Fund") 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for 
potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests") The Solicitation Agent is not 
affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in 
the Access Fund a one-time 
"Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of 
the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to 
the Access Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all 
or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement 
Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment are as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
Placement Fee Rate 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from 
the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the 
relevant DB Introduced 
EFTA01396664
--- PAGE 2 ---
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by 
a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the 
Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a "Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription 
such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(ii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund, the 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Introduced Person to the Access 
of 
EFTA01396665
--- PAGE 3 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the 
product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon 
Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a 
b. 
c. 
(iii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing 
Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of 
any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as 
applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the 
Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, 
LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the 
Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fee equal to 0.75% of the 
portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the 
subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be 
charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation 
Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that are referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay 
increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access 
Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
EFTA01396666
--- PAGE 4 ---
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the 
Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than 
to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a 
result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of 
interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners 
and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or 
its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through 
arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage 
or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including 
their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the 
information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or type) 
EFTA01396667
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Date 
EFTA01396668
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396669
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you are interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an 
"Interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete 
all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. In addition, 
please submit the relevant 
Customer Identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the 
Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and 
subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• Subscription Agreement. Each Investor is required to complete all sections 
of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
§ Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following 
sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
§ Investors that are entities are required to complete the following 
sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit E. 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a 
capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The 
General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital 
contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the 
following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded 
via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account. 
§ Natural Persons: 
• A complete IRS Form W-9. 
§ Entities: 
• A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396670
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
c/o Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 
2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto 
delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any 
amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the 
Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership 
interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement"), by and among 
Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole 
general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, 
and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are 
incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this 
Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terms used, but 
not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). 
By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the 
undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall be, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership 
(a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth 
herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying 
Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read 
and understands the terms, 
EFTA01396671
--- PAGE 9 ---
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that are applicable 
to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The 
Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the 
Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) 
to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the 
amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the 
extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), 
payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum 
subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to 
become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses 
of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396672
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the 
Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the 
General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited 
Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., 
commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership, is 
greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner 
may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income 
without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby 
represents, 
warrants and covenants to, and agrees with, the Partnership and the General 
Partner, as of the date hereof, 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest 
requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) Opportunity to Verify Information. The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, 
during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions 
of and receive answers from them 
EFTA01396673
--- PAGE 11 ---
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests 
described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed 
activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information 
contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to 
otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that 
all such questions, if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been 
found to be fully satisfactory. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its 
investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and 
will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under 
the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise 
disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an 
exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396674
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws 
of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any 
such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such 
jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any 
other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale 
thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell 
or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as permitted by law, 
including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, 
and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the 
Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by 
the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole 
responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of 
Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from 
registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion 
of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities 
Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the 
Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by "benefit 
plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor 
understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such 
a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor 
will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an 
indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the 
Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws 
of descent and dissolution) of the 
EFTA01396675
--- PAGE 13 ---
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, 
it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with 
a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) 
a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part 
on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a 
certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is 
defined in Rule 501(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby 
makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C, as applicable and (B) is a 
U.S. Tax Personl and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing 
representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that 
any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other 
remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of 
a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no 
further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen 
or resident of the United States, a U.S. domestic corporation or 
otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis with 
respect to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership, an Interest 
held by (i) a partnership or entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the meaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, (a "PFIC") will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equityholders, as the case may be. An interest held by any 
corporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, 
measured by value. In addition, a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying Interest. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396676
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an 
"investment company" as the 
term "investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner 
does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the 
Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the 
information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; 
and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment 
companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a 
"qualified purchaser" as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act In furtherance thereof, the 
Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The 
Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial 
owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate 
through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and 
losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other 
investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and 
losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the 
Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and 
each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each 
such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made 
by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the 
risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the 
Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached 
thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not 
exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The 
EFTA01396677
--- PAGE 15 ---
Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of 
interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: 
(i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the 
Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment 
Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the 
General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the 
Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of 
the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the 
General Partner; (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters 
or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on 
investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United 
States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the 
Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the 
Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or 
any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in 
the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchaser" and a "qualified client" 
under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act; (vii) the Investor 
will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as 
a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that 
substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396678
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise 
provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full 
amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement 
is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with 
respect thereto, pursuant to which the 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not 
limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in the Partnership), are contained in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
(j) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of 
the representations set forth 
therein and such representations are true and correct in all respects. 
No Need for Liquidity. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection 
with 
its purchase of the Interest, and is able to bear the risk of loss of its 
entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the 
Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The 
aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to, all similar 
investments that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners 
or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received the Offering Materials and first 
learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction 
identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the 
securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale 
of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor 
understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant 
country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Interest, including 
EFTA01396679
--- PAGE 17 ---
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other 
applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental 
agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon the offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will 
make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) Commodity Exchange Act. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the 
Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on 
the CFTC Rule 
4.13(a)(3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not 
required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to 
provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules 
applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, 
respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(a)(5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) from registration with the CFTC as 
a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the 
Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to 
satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) Certain Regulatory Matters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396680
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(1) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability 
company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to 
circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will 
be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
(3) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional 
documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being 
utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized 
and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event 
specified in 
Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could 
result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either 
require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or 
result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 
506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in 
writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after 
the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying 
Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its 
best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation 
as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way 
the 
Partnership's, the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing 
and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
EFTA01396681
--- PAGE 19 ---
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or 
association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor 
has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such 
execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the 
terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is 
an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and 
deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and 
thereunder. 
(p) Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby, have been duly executed 
by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and 
legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall 
include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in, or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such 
Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within 
the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3, a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if, for among other 
reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of 
such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396682
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their 
respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of 
attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments 
described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate are not material to the 
Investor or which are contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, 
as the case may be, and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The 
Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other 
persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) Knowledge and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor 
had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership, such 
knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a 
view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, 
United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such 
benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the 
Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor 
may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or 
differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a 
"safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to 
corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
(2) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
EFTA01396683
--- PAGE 21 ---
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership 
will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest 
in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, 
(ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests 
in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any 
person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement 
within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be 
acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the 
Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section 301.7701-2(c)(2)(i) (a 
"Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in 
writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396684
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(A) 
(B) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes; or 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any 
part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the 
Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of 
the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in 
the 
Partnership. 
(u) No Borrowings. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its 
contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. The Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership, Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities 
IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds 
established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, 
Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General 
Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of 
such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the 
Investor should consult its own 
EFTA01396685
--- PAGE 23 ---
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership 
and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to 
represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder 
have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for 
the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that 
it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlieb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the 
Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment 
in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person, it acknowledges receipt 
of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial 
information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and 
authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the 
Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners, as well 
as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary to effect, 
administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396686
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Partnership and its partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or 
custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of 
the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and 
warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or 
entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached 
hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or 
custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial 
interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership 
and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other 
information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity 
for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to determine the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(Y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the 
parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with their 
respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership 
Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, 
and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns 
indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor 
acknowledges 
EFTA01396687
--- PAGE 25 ---
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) 
any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media 
(including any Internet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or 
(ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, 
subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private 
negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable 
sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. 
Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. 
Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other 
applicable laws concerning money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the 
Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 
2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the 
Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial 
interest in the Interest, (v) and any 
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a 
nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, 
"Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Party or any other person or entity of 
whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396688
--- PAGE 26 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or 
is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as noncooperative 
with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
(D) 
a senior foreign political figure3 
or any immediate family4 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will 
contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed 
through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any 
activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value 
that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or former senior official 
in the executive, legislative, 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government 
EFTA01396689
--- PAGE 27 ---
(whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign 
government-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" 
is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. 
In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that 
has been formed by, or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the 
figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is 
widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or 
professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
or close 
EFTA01396690
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or 
manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have 
any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will 
contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any 
activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the 
jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the 
Investor's 
investment in the Partnership will be used to finance any such unlawful 
activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent 
that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the 
Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with 
instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner 
to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act 
of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the 
United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or 
regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of 
third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable AntiMoney 
Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their 
sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is 
a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable 
Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted 
EFTA01396691
--- PAGE 29 ---
thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying 
investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" 
means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing 
body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or 
entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this 
Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of 
execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of 
such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional 
information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary or 
convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The 
Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing 
representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative 
pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake 
appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement The Investor 
further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about 
the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396692
--- PAGE 30 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best 
interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws 
set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject 
to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager 
and made known to the 
Investor; provided that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to 
(A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional 
advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law, provided that (x) in 
the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-
Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written 
agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited 
Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the 
court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure 
of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to 
protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 
2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information 
that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the 
disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and 
understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the 
Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and 
damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to 
their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
EFTA01396693
--- PAGE 31 ---
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure 
of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such 
treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the 
Investor, provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not 
disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of 
such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to 
determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably 
result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner 
and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the 
Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor 
agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the 
Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason, whether under law, regulation, 
policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to, use the Partnership 
Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose 
Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the 
Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) 
directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the 
"Freedom of Information 
Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure 
law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership 
Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person are sold or traded, whether 
foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a 
governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396694
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in 
accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any 
executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such 
person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee, 
fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) 
where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General 
Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) 
through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the 
preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is 
disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) Underlying Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and 
agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and 
acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying 
Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire 
against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential 
information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not 
responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no 
responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such 
documents, including, without 
limitation, the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement 
EFTA01396695
--- PAGE 33 ---
Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund 
Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in 
the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The 
Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges 
that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it 
will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and 
Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise 
be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and 
will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager 
as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, 
that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the 
Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have 
the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective 
affiliates. 
(ee) Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan 
Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of 
the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement 
plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans 
described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any 
fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) 
then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor 
Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity, agree, represent, warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396696
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and 
attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or 
interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, 
members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power 
and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of 
the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
(collectively, "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to 
provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary 
capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity 
for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all 
appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the 
extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
(5) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor 
nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the 
Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's 
governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
EFTA01396697
--- PAGE 35 ---
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests 
(including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of 
the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in 
the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the 
Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and 
conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, 
and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the 
basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements 
as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary are capable of evaluating investment 
risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue 
holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree 
that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its 
Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396698
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various 
risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of 
interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with 
applicable 
fiduciary responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
(10) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the 
payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients 
thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated 
with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive 
compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and 
described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree 
that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer, 
member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a 
fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor 
Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in 
connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the 
Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or 
violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was 
formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or 
governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, 
EFTA01396699
--- PAGE 37 ---
or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument 
to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject; 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity to discuss the 
Investor's 
investment in the Partnership, and the structure and operation of the 
Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information 
that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the 
Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to 
periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets"; (c) an 
investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as 
investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (1) of Section 203A of 
such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State 
(referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal 
office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities 
Exchange Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396700
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under 
management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause 
(e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative 
of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan 
Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
(16) 
(17) 
(18) 
(19) 
(20) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of 
ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an 
Interest; 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in 
that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might 
affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary; 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised 
that 
authority exclusively; 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the 
General 
Partner; 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the 
documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, 
and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and 
redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or 
the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of 
ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
EFTA01396701
--- PAGE 39 ---
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of 
the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the 
Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or 
plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has 
had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan 
and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the 
fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not 
the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 
2510.321(g)(5)) 
of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor 
Fiduciary is not 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396702
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the 
extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General 
Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial 
owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the 
beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no 
longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests 
and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such 
individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse 
consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general 
account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents, warrants and covenants that on 
each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general 
account are 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)(1)(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery 
of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is 
exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement, each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or 
using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, 
after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the 
percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the 
Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in 
writing; 
and 
(26) The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and 
EFTA01396703
--- PAGE 41 ---
representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ff) Non-U.S. Employee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is 
being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United 
States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as 
described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing 
such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision 
applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General 
Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of 
the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to 
the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership 
and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the 
Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or 
local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396704
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall 
take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General 
Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each 
additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership 
Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to 
invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to 
the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any 
additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the 
Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be 
separate purchases from the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in 
the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the 
subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred 
to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. 
The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the 
Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) Organization and Standing of the Partnership. The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware 
Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power 
and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the 
terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue 
and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery 
EFTA01396705
--- PAGE 43 ---
of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material 
consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States 
federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the 
Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General 
Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the 
Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General 
Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the 
Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the 
benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the 
Delaware Act. 
(d) Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming 
the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of 
the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery 
thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, 
enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396706
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership 
is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, 
after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute 
or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager") as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the 
"Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and 
at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received 
hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the 
Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, 
filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; 
(iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as 
a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) 
as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the 
Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or 
change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or 
change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the 
provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations 
of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, 
consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof 
under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing 
necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence 
of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a special power of attorney deemed 
EFTA01396707
--- PAGE 45 ---
coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable 
and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, 
partnership, limited liability company or 
trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the 
whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of 
attorney, this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys 
to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the 
assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each 
Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of 
the Partnership's affairs. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this 
Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, 
waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and 
the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by 
the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed 
accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted 
in writing and, if necessary, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396708
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, 
which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General 
Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The 
Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to 
determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment 
in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory 
(including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents 
and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is 
true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and 
as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or 
schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the 
Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. 
The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor 
reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, 
dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the 
Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor 
acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/-
or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership 
may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its 
beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Investor 
further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably 
necessary to comply with the 
EFTA01396709
--- PAGE 47 ---
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the 
offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of 
the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with 
respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its 
Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all 
Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant 
to a letter of authorization; 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial 
Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the 
General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with 
respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money 
laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to 
obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the 
Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining 
any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Partnership, the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, 
the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, 
employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability 
(a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation 
made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are 
required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement 
(including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General 
Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396710
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or 
(b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the 
Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the 
Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that 
it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms 
as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") 
Tax Form W-8BEN, W8BEN-E, 
W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. 
person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General 
Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial 
interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and 
another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) 
(collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information — Common 
Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation, regulation or 
guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, 
state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to 
maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating 
to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide 
such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect 
partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their 
Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations 
that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that 
such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, 
EFTA01396711
--- PAGE 49 ---
receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can 
disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the 
application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General 
Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information 
required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial 
owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 
12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update 
periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) 
the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance 
imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-1. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-1 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor 
acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of 
Schedule 
K-1, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the 
Partnership, and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and 
delivery of such Schedule K-1. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant 
to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-ls only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-1 required to be furnished to the 
Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is 
received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396712
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on 
paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or 
by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either 
on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and 
communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The 
Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent 
does not apply to a Schedule K-1 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal 
takes effect. 
(c) 
(d) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as 
possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through 
the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) Access to the internet, an e-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required 
to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-1. The Schedule K-1 may be required 
to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. General. This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the 
legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) 
shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be 
assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the 
Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or 
entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the 
Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to 
its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or 
unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or 
EFTA01396713
--- PAGE 51 ---
affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any 
other jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall 
not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof. 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the 
Investor hereby irrevocably waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, 
whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts 
for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such 
suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby 
submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be 
awarded in any such action, 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396714
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the 
Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific information relating to the fees 
in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement 
fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to 
my advisor: 
 %. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your 
Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not 
constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges 
by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all 
applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its 
investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth 
above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of 
the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory (if applicable): 
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed: 
Date: 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory (if applicable): 
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
EFTA01396715
--- PAGE 53 ---
(Sign here) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396716
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396717
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled 
"For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities", as applicable. 
I am investing as an: 
Individual 
I am an Individual or Entity that is a U.S. Person6: 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
Type of Individual: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
date of Birth: 
Telephone No: 
Email Address: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Entity: 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
— 
Domicile: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
EFTA01396718
--- PAGE 56 ---
Flailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Formation: 
Telephone No:  
Email 
For definition of "U.S. Person", please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Address: 
Entity 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01396719
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
retired, self-employed): 
Employer (if applicable): 
Occupation: 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
FOIA Partner7 
Yes 
No 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term 
"FOIA Partner". 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396720
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the 
foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal 
to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partner's 
entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396721
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire 
instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for 
this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please 
ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account 
as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Code (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional 
information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable): 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable): 
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in 
the Partnership: 
Salary 
Savings 
Inheritance 
Gift 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
EFTA01396722
--- PAGE 60 ---
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396723
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial 
Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in 
the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the 
Partnership. 
My Advisor is:  
Name of Firm:  
Name of Representative:  
Email address of Representative:  
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to 
the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who 
will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the 
Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the 
Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396724
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396725
--- PAGE 63 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below 
completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or 
jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's 
primary residence): 
Less than $500,000 
$500,000 - $999,999 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts 
specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two 
calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
$199,999 or less 
$200,000-$299,999 
$300,000-$499,999 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
Individually 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, 
community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified 
purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments8 worth: 
Less than $5,000,000 
$5,000,000 - $10,000,000 
More than $10,000,000 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
8-1 
2017 Income: 
$199,999 or less 
$200,000-$299,999 
$300,000-$499,999 
$500,000 or greater 
EFTA01396726
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any 
retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan 
Investor"): 
Yes 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate 
what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership are the assets of a plan, 
individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether 
or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
Less than 25% and the percentage is  
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is  
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate 
whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee 
benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (B) an insurance 
company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the 
assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Title I 
of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1)(A) of ERISA or the regulations 
promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing 
types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
Yes 
5. 
No 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, 
state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the 
Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby 
subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and 
operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or 
prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Yes 
EFTA01396727
--- PAGE 65 ---
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner 
immediately. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
EFTA01396728
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a 
Massachusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of 
the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the 
Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the 
specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated 
person as 
described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories 
of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 
Securities Act: 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity 
(this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the 
Partnership). 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any private business development company as defined in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, 
for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-3 
EFTA01396729
--- PAGE 67 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited 
Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
EFTA01396730
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Exhibit D 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of 
the Investment 
Company Act as a result of: 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
(1) 
The Investor is a companyl that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more 
natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons, the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed 
for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account 
or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the 
specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and 
invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than $25,000,000 in "investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not 
formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other 
person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each settlor or 
other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in 
Item 
or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold 
a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments2 worth not less than $5,000,000. 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) 
of 
Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a 
corporation, partnership, association, 
joint stock company, trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether 
incorporated or not. If the Investor 
EFTA01396731
--- PAGE 69 ---
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or 
(7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment 
company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), determined in 
accordance with Section 3(c)(1)(A) on the 
Investment Company Act, that acquired such securities on or before April 30, 
1996 (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pre amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding 
securities (other than short-term paper) of 
any excepted investment company that, directly or indirectly owns any 
outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company, have consented to its treatment as a qualified 
purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-1 
EFTA01396732
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(5) 
B. 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially 
owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability 
company or other organization, 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the 
Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as 
defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 
3(c)(1) and 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
True 
False 
(2) Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the 
Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment 
Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one:  
(3) Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the 
Partnership, the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment 
Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one:  
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if 
any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the 
purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or 
nonparticipation 
in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
True 
(5) 
False 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the 
purposes of the 
EFTA01396733
--- PAGE 71 ---
preceding sentence, "recapitalized" includes, without limitation, new 
investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's 
acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
True 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-2 
EFTA01396734
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its 
assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the 
Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the 
Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which 
such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
True 
C. 
(i) 
False 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) are 
entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the 
control rights of the Investor? 
Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
Yes* 
No 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
Yes* 
No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," 
please complete the 
following chart. 
If the Investor or Any 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or, if there is 
insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
EFTA01396735
--- PAGE 73 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who are "Plan Investors": (1) 
U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or 
accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or 
handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and 
warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit 
plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) 
a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 
4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to 
hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
Yes 
No 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person 
or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 
3(42) of ERISA. 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets are "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "governmental plan," 
within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company 
or other entity 
EFTA01396736
--- PAGE 74 ---
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in 
which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to 
applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
Yes 
4. 
No 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within 
the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company 
or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies 
governing the sponsoring 
church. 
Yes 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-1 
No 
EFTA01396737
--- PAGE 75 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in 
this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" 
which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
Yes 
6. 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor 
represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in 
such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the 
participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more 
information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the 
Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was 
made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement 
agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have 
not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, 
any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, 
officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or 
any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised 
any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the 
Partnership, nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of 
their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, 
representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based 
upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or 
diversification; 
and 
(c) The terms of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, 
EFTA01396738
--- PAGE 76 ---
including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing 
instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly 
advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law 
or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, 
responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or 
any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, 
agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
EFTA01396739
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, 
LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P") adopted by the 
Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or 
services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written 
notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised 
that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with 
Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which 
the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment 
program, we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other 
investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a 
consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors 
to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, 
except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's 
other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as 
a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific 
partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their 
behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., 
our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of 
stock to our investors) on a "need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the 
following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, 
investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax 
identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service 
providers, or others, such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, 
EFTA01396740
--- PAGE 78 ---
contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, 
information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those 
employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We 
maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In 
addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our 
investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our 
affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you 
maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our 
current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor 
Relations at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
EFTA01396741

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396742.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396742.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (U.S.), L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. will invest 
substantially all of its investable assets into Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. (the 
"Underlying Fund"). 
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
STRUCTURE 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$250,000 
FUND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two 
additional one-year optional extension periods at the discretion of its 
General 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
REPORTING 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof2 
MANAGEMENT FEE3 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 Mil 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Mil+6 
During 
Investment 
period4 
1.00% 
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years 
Following 
EFTA01396742
--- PAGE 2 ---
Investment 
Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTEREST 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
*Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
The information contained herein is highly confidential, has been provided 
to you for informational purposes only, may not be shared with any party 
other than the intended recipient and may not be 
relied upon in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or investment 
products referred to herein. A private offering of interest 
in the securities described herein may only be made pursuant to a 
confidential private placement memorandum and the applicable subscription 
and governing documents, which will be furnished to 
certain qualified investors on a confidential basis at their request. Refer 
to "Important Information" beginning on page 2 for additional information. 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
Thereafter 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
STRUCTURE 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$5 Million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion 
of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
CAPITAL CALLS 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
EFTA01396743
--- PAGE 3 ---
business days' prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
REPORTING 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account 
statements 
MANAGEMENT FEE 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access 
fund only 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
1.10% of Commited Capital4 
TWO YEARS AFTER THE END OF THE INVESTMENT PERIOD 
0.85% of Invested Capitals 
THEREAFTER THROUGH THE END OF THE FUND TERM 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capitals 
CARRIED INTEREST 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
EFTA01396744
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 2 
END NOTES 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to the Access 
Fund Fee and Access 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing 
directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the fees and expenses 
associated with an investment in 
the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or indirectly 
from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
4. 
Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by 
the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion 
of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3. The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the Private 
Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5. Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in 
investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for 
such investments.) 
6. 
Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the 
option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any 
direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management 
fees from the Underlying Fund. 
subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Investors who invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Access Fund for 
further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, 
LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or 
investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
EFTA01396745
--- PAGE 5 ---
(the "Underlying Fund") or Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which 
will be furnished only to qualified prospective investors on a confidential 
basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Offering Memorandum, which 
contains more detailed information about the Access Fund's investment 
objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk 
disclosures that are important 
to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been 
authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund other than as 
set forth in the Offering 
Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may not 
be reproduced or 
redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of 
the Access Fund and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in the 
Access Fund. There 
are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund 
described in the Presentation. An investment in the Access Fund is not 
suitable for all investors. 
Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund 
involves a high degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the Access 
Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors 
must be prepared to bear capital losses that may result from investments. 
There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, 
investments may be leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum 
and pay particular 
attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses 
charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment 
alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, 
performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. 
Investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
risk characteristics of the Access 
Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the 
General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are 
described more fully in the 
Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
EFTA01396746
--- PAGE 6 ---
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve 
comparable results. Prospective investors should also bear in mind that past 
or targeted portfolio 
characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and 
there can be no assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio 
characteristics or that target 
portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments can go 
down as well as up. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be 
realized 
at the valuations shown as actual realized returns will depend on, among 
other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market 
conditions at the time of 
disposition, any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of 
sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the 
valuations contained herein are 
based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, 
carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by investors, which in 
the aggregate may be 
substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after 
deduction of such fees and expenses would be lower than the gross 
performance reflected in this 
EFTA01396747
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower 
returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a 
result of the additional fees and 
expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. Nothing contained 
herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance 
of the Underlying 
Fund or the Access Fund. 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access Fund, 
which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct 
investment, may be unmanaged, assume reinvestment of income, do not reflect 
the impact of any trading 
commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations 
when used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other 
reasons, may have 
different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are 
suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo 
liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period of time. They may 
be highly illiquid and can engage in 
leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility 
and risk of loss. Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than 
traditional investments. Investors 
should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. 
Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of information regarding 
valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
EFTA01396748
--- PAGE 8 ---
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest 
in the Underlying Fund, will 
have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse against the Underlying Fund or the General Partner or Manager of 
the Underlying Fund or their 
respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or 
employees, agents or affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, 
shareholder, employee or agent of any 
such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and should not be 
considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. 
Moreover, none of the Access Fund, 
the General Partner of the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates 
has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the 
Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting 
and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in the Access Fund will be lower 
than those from a direct 
investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an 
investment adviser registered with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The registrations and 
memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, 
products or services 
discussed herein. Additional Information is available upon request. 
East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165 I 212 994 7400 I 
info@icapitalnetwork.com I www.icapitalnetwork.com 
EFTA01396749
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global Private Equity Secondaries 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP1 ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management 
in August 2017 
• Fully owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and 
offices in London and New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows, and negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.5x 
TVPI and 23% Net IRR2 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led 
transactions and 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal 
structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
Strong and consistent track record2 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies4 # 
Net multiple (TVPI) 
Net distributed (DPI) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D3 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
2.3x 
EFTA01396750
--- PAGE 10 ---
lx 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 75 / 737 35 / 149 / 2,837 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance5,6,7 
Secondary funds: Net IRRto limited partners8 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
Upper Quartile 
Lower Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to limited partners5 
2.5x 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
Carried interest: 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
Hurdle rate: 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
2.Ox 
EFTA01396751
--- PAGE 11 ---
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.0x 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
Contacts: 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Mana in Partner & CEO 
0.5x 
0.0x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
Index RVPI 
'09 
'10 
'11 
SOF funds DPI 
'12 
'13 
EFTA01396752
--- PAGE 12 ---
'14 
SOF funds RVPI 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner & CIO 
This document can only be offered to Accredited Investors and Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal 
to each offeree and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been 
handed out. Strictly not for 
redistribution. Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional 
information. Past performance is not an 
indication or guarantee offuture results 
Joshua C. Glaser 
Partner, Client Relations 
Total 
• 1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitalll in 
the following two years 
US$2,980m 
• Thereafter greater of 90% of 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Invested Capital 
2nd Quarter 2018 
Fund key terms10 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years from final closing 
Term: 
years + extensions (5xlyear) 
Structure: 
English L.P. 
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of commitments during 
Investment Period 
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01396753
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
Distinctive investment strategyl2 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, 
asset liquidations, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the 
time of the original acquisition, or later from an investor seeking early 
liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections (58% of transactions 
since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during 
normalized market conditions (42% of transactions since inception)10 
Identify less competitive deals 
■ US$40m average deal size 
■ Smaller US$5-100m fund portfolios 
■ Mid-size US$100-250m GP-led deals 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
■ Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
■ Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large levered 
beta play 
■ Value creation through in-depth fundamental 
analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
■ No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
portfolio level 
■ Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
■ Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl3 
Established Investment Team Active in the Secondary Market Since 200314 
• 23-strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 1H18 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant 
experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
EFTA01396754
--- PAGE 14 ---
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; 
KPMG 
Relevant Years of experience 
Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional information. There can be 
no assurance that efforts to reduce risk will be successful, nor that the 
strategy 
will be successful in the future or that losses will be avoided 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capital; CIBC Oppenheimer 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
■ Average 20% discount to FMV 
■ Average —80% funded at time of entry 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
EFTA01396755
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Endnotes 
(1) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital LLP ("Glendower"), an appointed 
representative of Mirabella Advisers LLP, which is authorised and regulated 
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
(2) Mature funds include SOF, SOF D and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. Performance figures have been calculated 
based 
on the unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
the "Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance 
Information" sections of this document. Gross returns are gross of fees, 
expenses 
and carried interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees 
and carried interest. Past performance is not a prediction of the future 
performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate 
the track record of the Glendower Team and there can be no assurance that 
SOF IV will achieve comparable results. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. Converted at the September 30, 2017 
EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(4) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies 
is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may 
include some double counting. 
(5) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, formed 
between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against their 
respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one benchmark only; 
quartiles 
may differ when compared to other benchmarking sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III data is not included in the data set used to calculate the 
benchmark data. 
(6) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to 
Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(7) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower team. 
(8) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
EFTA01396756
--- PAGE 16 ---
six years to 
settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this settling they 
typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance 
metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. Median is the 
middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs included in a vintage 
year (minimum 5 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the thresholds for the 
upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on the individual fund 
IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median 
to determine quartile placement (minimum8 funds). 
(9) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return 
aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a dollar-
weighted return. 
(10) Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund 
(the "Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, 
complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. For 
further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please 
refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such documents are in 
the process of being prepared and will be made available to prospective 
investors upon request. 
(11) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and 
the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
(12) As of September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance that the strategy 
will be successful in the future, or that losses will be avoided. 
(13) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfoliomanagement theory. 
(14) As of September 30, 2017. Period since 2003 includes time spent by 
members of the core senior management team at Deutsche Bank. 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and 
any follow-on investments in any such investment, but not including any GP-
led Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context 
requires. 
"Fund Secondary" means (a) an interest held directly or indirectly by the 
Fund in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including 
a fund of 
funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone 
transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired in a single 
transaction, in each 
case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, 
provided that any interest referred to in clause (a) shall be in a fund 
structure that 
either has an investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on 
investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its 
EFTA01396757
--- PAGE 17 ---
aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of interests referred to in 
clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the aggregate have drawn down 
or 
committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided 
further that the aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) 
shall be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund structure and 
provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be 
an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity 
assets through bespoke liquidity solutions (and any follow-on investments in 
any such investment interest, but not including any Co-Investment) as 
reasonably 
determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396758
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower 
Capital, LLP ("Glendower") (an appointed representative of Mirabella 
Advisers LLP, which is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct 
Authority) for the purpose of providing certain summary information about 
certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by 
Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential 
investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is 
being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may 
not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than any Recipient's affiliates 
or professional advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on 
a need to 
know basis Any past performance information herein is not necessarily 
indicative of future results and actual performance may differ materially 
from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and Recipients must not rely on 
this 
Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests 
in the Fund. This Presentation may not be used for and does not constitute an 
offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase 
any interests or to engage in any other transaction. The information in this 
Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not necessarily meaningful or 
complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the 
information contained herein and any future offering of SOF IV. Neither 
Glendower, Mirabella Advisers LLP nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any 
representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an 
investment in the Fund, the income or tax consequences, or the suitability 
of an 
investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities 
laws 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered 
into at the date that this Presentation is made available but that Glendower 
EFTA01396759
--- PAGE 19 ---
expects will occur or be entered into thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or 
solicitation. A private offering of interests in the Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, which contain additional 
information 
about the investment objective, terms and conditions of an investment in the 
Fund and also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to 
any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other than as set forth in the 
offering 
documents and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
offering documents will be furnished to qualified investors on a 
confidential basis at 
their request. The information contained in this Presentation will be 
superseded by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such 
offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary 
market for interests in the Fund and none is expected to develop. There will 
be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund, investments may be 
leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in connection with an investment in 
the Fund may 
be higher than the fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and 
may offset profits. Investors should have the financial ability and 
willingness to 
accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is 
acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit Suisse is not acting and will 
not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-
Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered 
Party") are provided on an arm's length basis and not as an advisor or 
fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered Parties should consult with their 
own internal and 
external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, 
material, or information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse 
also will not solicit 
EFTA01396760
--- PAGE 20 ---
a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of obtaining or retaining an 
engagement for 
that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory 
services to or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing 
contained herein shall constitute any representation or warranty and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower, its affiliates or 
Mirabella Advisers 
LLP as to the accuracy or completeness of any information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each investor and prospective investor 
(and each employee, representative, or other agent thereof) may disclose to 
any 
and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind 
(including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, 
provided, however, 
that such disclosure shall not include the name (or other identifying 
information not relevant to the tax structure or tax treatment) of any 
person and shall not 
include information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order 
to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns 
generated by the Fund will equal or exceed those presented herein or that 
the Fund will be able to implement its investment strategies or achieve its 
investment objectives. The Fund's investment strategy and applicable 
investment restrictions may differ from those historically employed and 
economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the possible future performance of 
the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of 
information 
available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is 
made or assurance given that such statements, views, projections or 
forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
EFTA01396761
--- PAGE 21 ---
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents 
for updating this Presentation (or any additional information), correcting 
any inaccuracies in it or providing any additional information to you. 
Accordingly, to 
the fullest extent possible subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or 
its affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, 
directors, officers, 
partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud) 
for any loss (whether direct, indirect or consequential), damage, cost or 
expense 
suffered or incurred by any person as a result of relying on any statement 
in, or omission from, this Presentation. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396762
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current 
assumptions, may be simplified and may depend upon events outside the 
control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other events that were not taken 
into account 
may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore, 
changes to any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or 
projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any 
forecast, opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors in the Fund 
should not 
rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in 
such Fund. The information contained in this Presentation has been obtained 
from 
sources outside of Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be 
reliable for the purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its 
affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any responsibility for the accuracy 
of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not 
treat this Presentation as tax, regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or 
any other advice in relation to the Recipient of this information and this 
information 
should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain 
jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are 
required to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk 
factors. An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated 
investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
high risks and lack 
of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the 
Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
Statements herein are made as of January 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Information on the Track Record 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
EFTA01396763
--- PAGE 23 ---
and its 
affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an independent private equity firm 
owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets. 
The 
performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in 
respect of the SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF 
Funds to 
date, including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team 
were employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the track record, each 
Recipient 
should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith have been 
permanent voting members of the SOF Funds investment committees since 
inception; (ii) 
Chi Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers 
the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during the SOF II investment period as 
voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members 
since January 2013; (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part 
of the SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved 
at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of the investments made by the 
SOF 
Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group 
within 
Deutsche Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely 
to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information provided herein has been 
prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited 
("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the SOF Funds and the 
related individual underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower 
SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or 
investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. Glendower takes 
responsibility for its use of this performance information and its 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, 
including, but not limited 
to, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 
204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such 
performance information by Glendower. 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net IRR" shall mean an aggregate, 
compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on 
investments, 
based on daily cash flows Calculations are presented based on actual cash 
flows to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" 
basis unless 
otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit share, 
carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection with the 
disposition of unrealized 
EFTA01396764
--- PAGE 24 ---
investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable 
funds, all of which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are expected 
to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than 
taxes borne or to be borne by investors, including as a result of an 
investor's domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted 
to calculate Net 
IRR in respect of the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. All performance numbers include recycled 
capital unless 
otherwise explicitly indicated. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") 
represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital 
("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held 
within the SOF 
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. Total 
Value to 
Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. MoM is defined as the amount of 
money returned divided by the amount invested for that particular investment. 
Gross multiple represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects 
amounts 
net of the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant 
investment fund. Any such valuation of unrealized investment will be based 
on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the 
circumstances, the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will 
depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the 
assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions on 
which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are 
based. Accordingly, the actual realized returns generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396765
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA. This Presentation shall not be distributed to any 
Recipient that is domiciled or resident in a European Economic Area member 
state 
where the distribution of the Presentation in such member state would 
constitute "marketing" (within the meaning of article 4(1)(x) of the 
Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU)). This Presentation is not 
an approved prospectus for purposes of section 85 of the UK Financial 
Services 
and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). In the United Kingdom, this Presentation may 
only be communicated (i) by a person other than an authorized person if 
directed only at (a) persons who have professional experience in matters 
relating to investments, falling within article 19(5) ("investment 
professionals") of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as 
amended) (the "Order"), (b) persons falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) 
("high 
net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Order, or (c) 
persons whom this Presentation may otherwise lawfully be communicated; and 
(ii) 
by an authorized person if directed only at (a) persons who have 
professional experience of participating in unregulated schemes, falling 
within article 14(5) 
("investment professionals") of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (as 
amended) (the "PCIS Order") and article 19(5) ("investment professionals") 
of the Order, (b) persons falling within article 22 (high net worth 
companies, 
unincorporated associations etc) of the PCIS Order and article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the 
Order. 
AIFMD Notice. In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member 
State") which has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for which transitional 
arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed in a 
Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD 
(as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); 
or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State 
(including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
Presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this Presentation may only be 
distributed and 
interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed to the extent that this 
EFTA01396766
--- PAGE 26 ---
Presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may 
lawfully 
be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of 
the investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, 
accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or 
strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances, or 
otherwise constitute a 
personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be 
profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of investment 
objectives or target returns or measurements. Any reference to past 
performance 
is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results. 
This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in 
Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by 
section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) (the "Act") 
and as 
sophisticated or professional investors as defined by sections 708(8) and 
(11) (respectively) of the Act, in respect of which an offer would not 
require disclosure 
under Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and should not 
be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial product 
recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure 
statement or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act. 
This 
Presentation is not required to, and does not, contain all the information 
which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any 
other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it required 
to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The 
funds referred to in these materials are not registered schemes as defined 
in the Act. In Australia, Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit 
Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch, are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the 
purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not 
represent deposits or 
other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect 
of the 
obligations of such Credit Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No 
offer to the 
public to purchase the Fund's interests will be made in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only 
and must not 
EFTA01396767
--- PAGE 27 ---
be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a 
prospectus, an advertisement, a public offering, an offer to sell the 
interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the 
interests described herein 
in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will 
be made only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities 
Commission is obtained. 
No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be 
deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means would be deemed public 
offering of 
securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained 
herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission 
has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered 
with the Registrar of Companies. This Presentation is for informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. 
As such, it 
must not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be relied upon or 
used by any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 
31-103 — Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. To the extent that the information contained herein references 
securities 
of an issuer incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities 
must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada. No 
securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed 
or in 
any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the 
merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the 
contrary 
is an offence. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law 
no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de Valores, and regulations thereunder. 
Securities not registered with the SVS may not be offered or sold publicly 
in Chile 
(unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the 
EFTA01396768
--- PAGE 28 ---
Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors pursuant 
to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado 
de Valores 
(an offer that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain 
sector or specific group of the public"). For additional information 
referred to each of the 
offered securities, please contact your RelationshipManager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China 
("PRC") or by any means that would be deemed public offering of securities 
under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to 
individuals 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained 
all the required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's 
responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or receive any 
investment advisory 
or investment management services. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396769
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the 
Management 
Company/Issuers have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian investor should make its 
own 
inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the 
Management Company/Issuers, including the merits and risks involved, and as 
to 
legal, tax and related matters concerning an investment in the products. 
This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian 
residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable rules and 
regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and/or securities 
related products 
or services in Colombia. Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to 
Colombian residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombianmarketing rules and general securities laws and 
regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial 
Code (CodeMonetaire et Financier) to professional clients and eligible 
counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey 
Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No 
public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved 
by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any 
interests or securities may not be offered or sold and have not been offered 
or 
sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to (i) "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong 
EFTA01396770
--- PAGE 30 ---
Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no person 
has 
issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not 
issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong 
Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any 
interest or securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
or are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any interests 
or 
securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the definition 
of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made 
under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that 
will not constitute "an offer to the public" under sections 15 and 15a of 
the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 ("the Securities Law") or section 25 of 
the Joint 
Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being 
offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any 
given 12 month period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the 
First 
Addendum ("the Addendum") to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") 
namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds, provident funds, 
insurance companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for 
themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio 
managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), 
investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for 
themselves), 
members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves 
or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing 
Products for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the 
capital market, an entity which is wholly-owned by Sophisticated Investors, 
corporations, (other than formed for the specific purpose of an acquisition 
pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 
million, and 
individuals in respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the 
Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect 
of which 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, 
deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice Law) and 
EFTA01396771
--- PAGE 31 ---
securities traded on a 
stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid Assets") 
exceeds NIS 8 million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), 
or the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 1.8 million 
(approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all their Liquid Assets 
exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or 
the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately 
£150,000); each as defined in the said Addendum, as amended from time to 
time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they 
qualify as 
Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the consequences of such 
designation and agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will 
fall 
within the private placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment 
Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements 
or 
rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is purchasing such Product for its 
own benefit and account and not with the aim or intention of distributing or 
offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an 
offeree which is a Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking 
corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product for another party 
which is 
a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be considered 
investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of 
Investment Counselling, Investment Marketing and PortfolioManagement Law, 
5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this Presentation a recipient shall 
be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated 
Investor 
purchasing Products for its own account or, where applicable, for other 
Sophisticated Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor 
does it constitute an offer to sell to or solicitation of an offer to buy 
from any person or persons in any state or other jurisdiction in which such 
offer or 
solicitation would be unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or 
solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it 
is unlawful 
EFTA01396772
--- PAGE 32 ---
to make such offer or solicitation. 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as 
amended) (the "FIEL") and, accordingly, any interest and/or investment in 
them 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines 
promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities 
and in effect at the relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local 
Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan Securities 
Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan 
Investment Advisers 
Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396773
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be 
construed as constituting, an offer or invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any securities (as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 
2007) in Malaysia 
or interests (as defined in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for 
subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside 
of Malaysia and no issue, offer or invitation under this document has any 
effect in 
Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico. This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera 
del Exterior) not subject to the supervision of the National Banking and 
Securities Commission (Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the 
"CNBV"). The 
securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation 
System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the Mexican 
Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores), therefore such securities, its 
issuance, 
offering, distribution and listing are not subject to the supervision of the 
CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject 
to public 
offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV or the 
SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco. This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional 
investor which has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters 
as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the 
Fund. Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly 
licensed by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed 
portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991 
and Law 1.338 
of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the "Commission de Controle des 
Activites Financier-es. Such regulated intermediaries may in turn communicate 
this 
document to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment 
business" or "government agency" within the meaning of clause 37(1) and 
EFTA01396774
--- PAGE 34 ---
clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 
2013 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or 
the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute 
an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive 
Regulations to the CapitalMarket Law (issued by Decision No.1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent 
investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests. The 
promotional documentation does not constitute an offer to the public and is 
for the 
use only of the named addressee and should not be given or shown to any 
other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with 
the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under any laws of the State of 
Qatar. No 
transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries 
regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the 
Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the 
"CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss 
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Presentation. 
Prospective purchasers of the interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. If 
you do not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of 
prospectuses 
would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as 
a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment 
referred to in 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is 
EFTA01396775
--- PAGE 35 ---
suitable for you. The product named in this Presentation is not authorized or 
recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and none of 
its interests / shares / units shall be allowed to be offered to retail 
public in 
Singapore. This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant 
products. The delivery of this Presentation to you should not be construed 
in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests 
described in this 
Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product, the fund will 
first be registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a 
locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
liability for losses that might arise from making use of the information. If 
nothing is indicated to the contrary, all figures are unaudited. The 
information 
provided herein is for the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is 
private equity capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly 
(i.e., are 
not listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private equity investments, 
including 
the investment opportunity described herein, may include the following 
additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial portion of the investor's 
investment, (ii) 
investment managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier 
or more speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of 
liquidity as there may be no secondary market, (iv) volatility of returns, 
(v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of diversification, (vii) 
high fees and 
expenses, (viii) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and 
(ix) complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax 
information to 
investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering documents, 
articles of association and audited financial statements can be obtained 
free of charge from the Representative. The place of performance for 
interests of the 
Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office 
of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in 
relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. 
Any dispute related to the distribution of interests of the Fund in and from 
Switzerland 
shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
EFTA01396776
--- PAGE 36 ---
distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will 
be charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions and money must be received by the 
paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396777
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by 
the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in 
St. Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has 
passed upon 
the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority 
in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal 
counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various legal, 
tax or economic 
matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved 
in investing, with the ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public 
offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates and accordingly should not 
be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited 
number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such 
interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in the Fund 
have not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central 
Bank, the 
Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing 
authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the 
use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's 
consideration thereof). No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any 
enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of 
the offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have 
not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Presentation. 
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor 
is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in 
EFTA01396778
--- PAGE 38 ---
the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private 
placement 
memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where the 
offering 
will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are 
subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold 
except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under 
the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that 
they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests 
for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors 
will 
not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be 
no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part 
of any 
person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01396779
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," 
"our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or 
fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without 
notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING 
THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD 
ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche 
of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible 
invested. Further, the securities 
described in this presentation have not been registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve 
our solicitation agent activities, such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now 
or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize 
you (and any of your 
employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal 
governmental agency, are not 
Bank Securities Inc., or any 
loss of the principal amount 
EFTA01396780
--- PAGE 40 ---
and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential 
transaction, and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related 
to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This 
authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
EFTA01396781

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396782.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396782.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396782
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion 
regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation ofan offer to buy an interest in 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying 
Fund") or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which will be furnished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more 
detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and 
conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person 
has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, 
if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in 
any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner ofthe Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors 
should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses 
that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, 
prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and 
expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. 
Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance 
allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk 
characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of 
interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of 
interest are describedmore fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
EFTA01396783
--- PAGE 3 ---
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are 
not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or 
that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of 
investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating 
results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of 
disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all 
ofwhich may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations 
contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any 
management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors, which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual 
performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction ofsuch fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. 
Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the 
additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or 
projection of future performance ofthe Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396784
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect oflowering the net returns experienced by 
an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose ofmaking general market data available as 
a point of reference only. Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be 
available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions 
and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may 
have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors 
who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite 
period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other 
speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional 
investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks 
before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion ofthe investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct 
interestin 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective 
officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee 
or agent of any such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the 
Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
EFTA01396785
--- PAGE 5 ---
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to 
participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund 
or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations 
and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partnersin 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional 
Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has 
endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396786
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally 
include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically 
private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission 
("SEC") and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) 
including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering 
documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may 
not be required by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a 
more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a 
manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment 
strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration ofan entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many 
private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential 
risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used 
excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short 
puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations — Further there have been a number ofhigh profile instances 
where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a 
guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance 
and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed 
carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights 
to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are 
not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary 
market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it 
determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds 
generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
EFTA01396787
--- PAGE 7 ---
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in 
which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the 
fund. In 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information 
from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to 
file its return without requesting an extension of time to file. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack oftax information may result in an investor being taxed 
on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based 
management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing 
may exceed those ofa long-onlymutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager; Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's 
manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity 
fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the 
private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due 
to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place 
your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial 
amount of their investors' money. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396788
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Fund's terms is 
qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access 
Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated 
Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Fee3 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund terms 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
$5 million 
$1.75 billion 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date plus up 
to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
business days' prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date 
An AIFMD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to 
EFTA01396789
--- PAGE 9 ---
the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital 
0.85% of Invested Capital 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capital 
Access Fund* 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), LP 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
$250,000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the 
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-
year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 million 
$3 - <$5 million 
$5 million+6 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
During Investment 
Period4 
1.00% 
EFTA01396790
--- PAGE 10 ---
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years Following 
Investment Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
* Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
Thereafter 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
EFTA01396791
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns 
than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the 
Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory 
Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any 
portion ofthe Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum ofthe Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
ofcapital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations 
reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have 
the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount 
against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund 
expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower 
Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01396792
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
2nd QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396793
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, 
for the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain 
existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your 
evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower 
Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF 
IV" or the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is being 
made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or professional advisers who are bound by 
obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis. Any past performance 
information herein is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of 
whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund. This Presentation may not be 
used for and does not constitute an offer to sell, 
or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase any interests or 
to engage in any other transaction. The information in this Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the information contained herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality 
of an investment in the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited Investors & Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal to each offeree and may only be used 
by those persons to whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information 
concerning the Fund. Strictly not for redistribution. 
Please refer to the "Important Information," "Key Definitions," "Important 
Information on the Track Record," "Important Information for Recipients in 
Certain Jurisdictions" and "Notes to Investment 
Performance" sections at the end of this Presentation for further important 
information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the 
performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to "$" or "US$" are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396794
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA01396795
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE 
fund at its inception 
— These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of 
investment 
— They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
— Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires 
the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital 
calls in the future 
— This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any 
time 
— Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less 
efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool 
for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
— The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
— The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called 
GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund 
extensions 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396796
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities) 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate JCurve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows) 
In '000 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
EFTA01396797
--- PAGE 17 ---
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
(1) This information is for discussion purposes and reflects Glendower 
Capital's own analysis. The graph is an example for illustrative purposes 
only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396798
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
— US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
— US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
— Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
— Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
— These deals represent 24% of the market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
— Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
— Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this slide is for illustrative purposes only and 
summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the 
slides in Section 3 "Secondary Market Update" of this presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396799
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396800
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Introduction1,2,3 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned 
by its partners 
— Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset 
Management on August 1st, 2017 
— Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 
billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
— Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows and negligible loss ratio 
— Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall 
program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-
investing strategy pursued since 2006 
— Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers globally 
— Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led 
transactions and single asset deals 
— With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as 
opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as 
prior fund 
— In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 
investors 
— Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
— Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June 
and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
(1) Performance as of September 30, 2017. Mature funds include SOF, SOF D 
and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III; 
(2) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017, and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this 
presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" section in particular 
includes, among other things, a description of the terms used in the 
tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the 
performance described above. Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
expenses, fees and carried interest. Investors should consult with 
their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in 
evaluating this information. Past performance is not a prediction of the 
future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no 
assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target 
results will be achieved. 
(3) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority. The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in total commitments with the 
aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally 
EFTA01396801
--- PAGE 21 ---
in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding 
and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, 
distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets from the 
secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the US and 
Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and 
specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder 
funds and other similar structures) on the secondary market (each such fund 
or structure, a "Fund Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of interests in 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market in transactions 
with greater complexity including spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders (each such investment 
interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) investments in an individual 
portfolio company 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such investment, a "Single 
Asset Deal"). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396802
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 20031 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
Established 
operational 
processes 
— Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
— Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
— Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
— US$3 billion in total client assets2 
— London and New York offices 
— 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
— 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
2003 
— Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
— Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
— Integrated, self-contained processes 
— Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
Team 
raises 
SOF II 
US$614m 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
2005 
2006 
EFTA01396803
--- PAGE 23 ---
2007 
2010 2011 
2014 
2017 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
restructure US$6bn 
Deutsche Bank PE 
proprietary portfolio 
Team 
raises 
SOF 
US$565m 
Team 
raises 
SOF D 
US$147m3 
Team 
raises 
SOF III 
US$1.65bn 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
(1) Period since 2003 includes time spent by members of the core senior 
management team at Deutsche Bank. 
(2) Actual committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at the 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396804
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Relevant years 
of experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; General Electric; 
The Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University; ACMA 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Deirdre Davies 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; KPMG 
BCom, KZN University, South Africa; CA (SA) 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Roome 
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
EFTA01396805
--- PAGE 25 ---
Vice President, Finance, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Devrup Banerjee 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
Aldrich Chan 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the team 
Rafael Enriquez - Hesles 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Fund 
Controller, New York 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit Suisse 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
Philippe Ferneini 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Sheldon Lee 
Analyst, 
London 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Tax, New 
EFTA01396806
--- PAGE 26 ---
York 
Victoria Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Associate, 
London 
Maxine 
Turner 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the team 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago Booth; 
MA, Milan Univ. 
Elena Smirnova 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Helena Turley 
Client Relations, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396807
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.Ox 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
EFTA01396808
--- PAGE 28 ---
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
"Important Information on the Track Record" sections of this Presentation. 
(2) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real 
estate strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
(4) TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396809
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance1,2,3 
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Lower Quartile 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
0% 
5% 
Upper Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple5 to limited partners 
2.5x 
2.Ox 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.Ox 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
EFTA01396810
--- PAGE 30 ---
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
0.5x 
0.Ox 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
Index RVPI SOF funds DPI SOF funds RVPI 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, 
formed between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against 
their respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison 
of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one 
benchmark only; quartiles may differ when compared to other benchmarking 
sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III data is not included in the data set 
used to calculate the benchmark data. 
(2) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Notes to Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(3) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the Glendower SOF Team. 
(4) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling 
they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. 
Median is the middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs 
included in a vintage year (minimum 8 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the 
thresholds for the upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on 
the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used 
in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 8 
funds). 
(5) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to 
calculate a dollar-weighted return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396811
--- PAGE 31 ---
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01396812
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profilel 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds_ _With a secondary cashflow 
profile 
TVPI2 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.0x 
SOF II 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & SOF III 
performance against one benchmark only. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team. Information presented in this chart is based on 
the unaudited results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance Information" 
sections of this presentation. 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Paid-In Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid-In 
Capital; Net IRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
dollar-weighted return. Net IRRs are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or 
benchmark performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less 
meaningful. Top quartile is the threshold for the upper (top 25%) quartile 
based on the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in 
EFTA01396813
--- PAGE 33 ---
conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 64 
funds). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
20% 
15% 
2.0x 
SOF 
25% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
DPI2 
2.5x 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2 
35% 
EFTA01396814
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public 
market indices 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
"Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of 
this presentation. 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
(2) MSCI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate 
EFTA01396815
--- PAGE 35 ---
benchmark to compare the performance of the SOF Funds, but rather is 
disclosed solely to allow comparison to that of certain well-known and 
widely recognized indices. 
(3) Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate the 
PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth 
of the total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in 
the index and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have 
been treated using the "all in method". 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
Net IRR 
EFTA01396816
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF Funds show consistent performancel 
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
-60% 
-40% 
-20% 
0% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.2x 
0.4x 
0.6x 
0.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
1.8x 
2.Ox 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.5x 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
2.Ox 
2.5x 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
EFTA01396817
--- PAGE 37 ---
Net IRR 
100% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and 
should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that 
any target results will be achieved. There is no guarantee that future 
performance will be consistent with past performance of SOF, SOF II and SOF 
III. Performance information on SOF D has not been included on this 
slide because SOF D is a single transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to 
underwrite pari-passu the Da Vinci transaction with SOF. Glendower does not 
expect that similar transactions will be available to SOF IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396818
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396819
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market index 
• Volume-driven 
—10 players 
M 
• Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
—10 players 
SOF III 
SOF II 
S 
• Low barriers to entry 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF and SOF D 
>50 players 
SOF IV 
(1) Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source: Preqin 
database and Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. 
Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396820
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
I Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
I Mid-market GP-led deals of US$100-250m 
IISingle-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
I Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
I Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
I Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
H No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
H Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
I Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl 
(1) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. 
There can be no assurance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. 
Further, Glendower may modify its portfolio construction criteria at any 
time and in any manner that it believes to be consistent with its overall 
investment objective in response to market conditions or other factors 
without notice to investors. 
Information provided as at September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance 
that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will be 
avoided. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
EFTA01396821
--- PAGE 41 ---
Average 20% discount to FMV 
Average -80% funded at time of entry 
EFTA01396822
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Fund Secondaries 
Description 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
• Single LP position 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Fund of funds 
• LP tenders 
Marketl 
• Many participants 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
Glendower Capital 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072 
Gross returns2 
SOF (harvested)3 
SOF II (maturing)3 
SOF III (early stage)3 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
high volatility and illiquidity 
US$5-100m 
40-60% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
(1) Glendower Capital estimate of market returns based on own market 
intelligence. 
(2) As of September 30, 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority 
profit share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other expenses. 
Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the 
"Important Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections 
of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" 
section in particular includes, among other things, a description of the 
terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and 
limitations as to the performance described above. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance. 
(3) For fund-level net returns, please refer to the overall transaction 
summaries for SOF, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
US$100-250m 
Up to 40% 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
EFTA01396823
--- PAGE 43 ---
GP-led Secondaries 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• Spin-outs 
• Recapitalizations 
• Portfolios of assets 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Secondary co-investments 
• Co-investments 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy selectively during periods 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
US$25-50m 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
EFTA01396824
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile 
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
— Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and 
were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
— Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to 
their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional 
acquisition of a LP interest 
— An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary 
dealflow 
— Glendower has developed an extensive track recordl over 15 transactions 
with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2 
— In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
— In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite 
meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
— Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of 
interests between the GP and Glendower: 
— Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried 
interest structure 
— Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that 
are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
— Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, 
recapitalizations, etc. 
— Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
— underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value 
creation 
(1) As of September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based 
on the unaudited performance results and should be read and reviewed in 
conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to the 
Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to 
Investment Performance" section in particular includes, among other things, 
a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
important guidelines and limitations as to the performance described above. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance. 
(2) Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396825
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Wide funnel and narrow filter 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions, over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions,
(1) Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information as at 15 March 2018. 
Number of transactions includes follow-on investments and splits out 
transactions which have been consolidated in one deal for reporting 
purposes. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396826
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Modigliani 
(SOF II) 
US$38m 
34% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
225 assets 
Global 
Whitney 
(SOF II) 
US$64m 
27% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Seller 
European 
family offices 
Description 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
• Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
US 
pension fund 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
• US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
(SOF III) 
US$54m 
26% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Sovereign 
Wealth Fund 
• Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
• Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity, Calera, CVC 
EFTA01396827
--- PAGE 47 ---
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
(SOF III) 
US$36m 
37% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
• Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 1 1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01396828
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Porter 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$220m 
9% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
assets 
US 
Seller 
Multiple 
Description 
• Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
• Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Laurel 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$147m 
24% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Southern 
European 
bank 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
private equity business 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Ionesco 
(SOF II) 
US$28m 
NA 
asset 
Europe 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
EFTA01396829
--- PAGE 49 ---
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
• Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Fitzgerald II 
(SOF III) 
US$37m 
10% 
asset 
US 
Global 
bank 
• Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 
1 
1 1 1 ) 
1 1 1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01396830
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396831
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 — 2018F 
US$bn 
6x 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
GP-led Secondary 
F = Forecast. There is no guarantee the estimate highlighted will 
materialize. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or guarantee of future market volume. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2013 
2014 
Fund Secondary 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and own estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions 
Discussion Materials, May 2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
2018 Forecast 
US$60+ billion 
EFTA01396832
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA01396833
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
_And 
Total 
US$bn 
increased propensity to trade 
PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillionl 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
(1) Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 
values as at June. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2x 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
EFTA01396834
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
In 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
— Overheated market in 2006 and 2007 
— Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
Pricing % of NAV 
100 
110 
2005 
2006 
2007 
108 
104 
PREMIUM 
DISCOUNT 
— Few transactions closed at this pricing 
— Mostly unfunded LP interests 
— Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
— Stable for 7 years at 80-90c/$ 
Annual volume US$bn 
EFTA01396835
--- PAGE 55 ---
2008 
2009 
2010 
Secondary market volume 
Bubble 
Crisis 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Secondary market pricing 
Normalized 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Update, March 2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
EFTA01396836
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supplyl... 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
...but dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
Dry Pow der / 
Deal Volume 
3.7x 
2.2x 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on Greenhill Secondary Pricing 
Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on 2018 Preqin Global Private 
Equity & Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & 
Analysis, January 2018 and Bain & Company Global Private Equity 
Report 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396837
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
US$bn 
250 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintagesl 
US$600 billion 
226 
201 
200 
186 
150 
193 
137 
129 
100 
Financial 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
Crisis 
(1) Source: 2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
(2) Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Post Crisis 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
149 144 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
Seller composition breakdown2 
EFTA01396838
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA01396839
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
Illustrative transactions 
Brand-name 
managers 
GPs seeking 
liquidity for worse 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
Quality 
mid-market 
managers 
looking to provide a 
• liquidity option in 
year 10+ or 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Underperforming 
managers 
Zombies 
looking for 
solutions make 
unlikely targets 
ZOMBIE GPs 
7.1 
15% 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
EFTA01396840
--- PAGE 60 ---
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
9.0 
20% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, January 2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide 
to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1 
9 
5% 
Over 7,000 private equity funds 
EFTA01396841
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396842
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF III Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
2014 
11% 
US$1,654m 
6% 
1,931m 
1,036m 
316m 
1,026m 
US$1,342m 
Investment strategy 
1% 
24% 
0.30x 
0.99x 
58% 
1.30x 
30% 
Vintage year 
12% 
17% 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
44% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
11% 
26% 
10% 
24% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
EFTA01396843
--- PAGE 63 ---
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
9% 
9% 
5% 
6% 
3% 
5% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
21% 
19% 
11% 
12% 
Other 
Natural Resources 
Communications & Media 
Technology 
Business Services 
Financial Services 
Real Estate 
Industrials 
Healthcare 
Consumer 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396844
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF III Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
Real Estate 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30, 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396845
--- PAGE 65 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Sunrise 
Klein 
Penguin II 
A 
B 
C 
Portfolio 
Funds 
D 
Portfolio 
E 
F 
GP-led 
Single asset 
deal 
APAC 
Global 
Early Stage 
Deal Type 
GP-led 
GP-led 
GP-led 
Single Fund 
Single Fund 
Funds 
Global 
Early Stage 
Region 
North America 
EMEA 
Global 
APAC 
Global 
Stage 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Advanced 
Advanced 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
Intermediated $524 million 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
EFTA01396846
--- PAGE 66 ---
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
Intermediated $50 million 
Intermediated $200 million 
Early Stage Limited Process $1.4 billion 
North America Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
SOF IV 
Investment 
$100 million 
€60-100 million 
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
$50 million 
$200 million 
$100+ million 
$20 million 
Description 
• Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
• Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
• Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
and mezzanine funds 
• Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
• Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
• Opportunity to purchase founder's shares in an existing 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
For discussion purposes only. There is no guarantee that any pipeline 
investment will complete or form part of a future invested portfolio or that 
it will be available or, after further due diligence, prove suitable for SOF 
IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396847
--- PAGE 67 ---
EFTA01396848
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF IV — Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: April 2018 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive midmarket 
investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
— Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
— The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
ca. $100m 
7% 
1.1x 
100% 
No 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
— GP with strong track record 
— Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
— Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
— Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
US 
EFTA01396849
--- PAGE 69 ---
Consumer 
years 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396850
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 midmarket 
pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
— Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
— The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
— Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
June 2018 
€60-100m (US$80-120m) 
>5% 
1.1x 
80% 
No 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
Europe / UK 
Business services / Healthcare services 
years 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
— Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
EFTA01396851
--- PAGE 71 ---
Investment rationale 
— Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
— Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to 
contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396852
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396853
--- PAGE 73 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF IV — Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
English private fund limited partnership 
US$1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three 
one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the 
SOF IV advisory committee) 
US$5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitall for a period of 2 years after the Investment 
Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund (the 
"Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. 
For further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such 
documents are in the process of being prepared and will be made available to 
prospective investors upon request. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the 
remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396854
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF IV - ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
1 
— Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
— LP favorable clawback provision 
— 100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
— Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate 
commitments) 
Governance 
— Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
— Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of 
investment period 
— No Fault Divorce with 66% vote of LPs 
— Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate 
limitations on investment concentration 
— Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
— Comprehensive financial reporting 
— GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
— General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
— Detailed due diligence provided 
LP = limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Association. The 
full guidelines can be found at http://ilpa.org/principles-version-2-0/. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396855
--- PAGE 75 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396856
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIRZIO-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web 
Tech; General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business 
School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University, 
ACMA 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and coinvestments. 
Before Deutsche Bank, Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds; an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
EFTA01396857
--- PAGE 77 ---
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
Prior to Glendower, Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Based in London, Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006, he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously, Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
EFTA01396858
--- PAGE 78 ---
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396859
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
BCom, University of South 
Africa; CA (SA) 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank, Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital, CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe, Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS, Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse, Lafarge 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago 
Booth; MA, Milan University 
Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fund and the business. 
Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower, Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then, Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
EFTA01396860
--- PAGE 80 ---
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Based in London, Emilio is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe, 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid, Spain. 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co-investment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's € 6billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., 
an Italian merchant bank, where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396861
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Principal 
Deutsche Bank, Bank of 
America, Freddie Mac 
BBA, George Washington 
University; MBA Columbia 
Business School 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
MA Economics and 
Management, Oxford 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
BS Finance, New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Credit 
Suisse, Booz & Company 
Diplome d'Ingenieur, 
Telecom ParisTech; 
MBA Chicago Booth School 
of Business. 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
EFTA01396862
--- PAGE 82 ---
Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012, Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Bank's Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stern 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pennsylvania's 
Wharton School of Business. 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senior Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396863
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
BSc Economics, LSE 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
MSc Global Banking and 
Finance, European Business 
School, London 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
BSc Economics, LSE 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE, 
Deutsche Bank 
BS Finance, Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012, Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
EFTA01396864
--- PAGE 84 ---
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015, having achieved first class 
honors. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group, and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance, having 
achieved University Honors. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396865
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
BSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Bucknell 
University 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
MSc Industrial Management, 
KTH 
BSc Industrial Engineering, 
Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and MAcc, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance, 
Deutsche Bank, Grant Thornton 
Bcom (Mons) Accounting 
Services, University of Pretoria. 
Based in New York, Rafael supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acquisitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London, in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
EFTA01396866
--- PAGE 86 ---
Technology, Sweden, and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy, France. 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team, first as financial controller and 
then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin — Madison. 
Based in London, Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011-13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (lions) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396867
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF III - Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
Fund size 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
Number of investors 
20-Oct-2014 
US$1.65 billion 
US$33 million 
921 
SWF 
21% 
Investor region 
Size of individual commitments 
21% 
100% 
18% 
North 
America 
44% 
Europe 
20% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Asia 
Pacific 
17% 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
<$25m 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
$25-50m 
$50-100M 
$100-150m 
(1) The number of investors includes all investors in SOF III with 
commitments over US$2m. The total number of investors, including those 
investing through private wealth feeder funds, is 470. 
>$150m 
8% 
16% 
37% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
Foundation 
EFTA01396868
--- PAGE 88 ---
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
Investor type 
GP 
2% 
Pension 
32% 
EFTA01396869
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name Sourcing 
1- Porter 
2- Fitzgerald II 
3- Malcolm 
4- Costa 
5- Diamond 
6- Mozart 
7- Leibovitz 
8- Pascoli 
9- Clegane 
10- Steinbeck II 
11- Minnow 
12- Neon 
13- Gonzaga 
14- Drive 
15- Flute 
16- Iskar 
17- Bosch 
18- Staccato 
19- Rose 
20- Janos 
21- Aurum 
22- Laurel 
23- Tower I & II 
24- Falco 
25- Peak 
26- Amy 
27- Chaucer 
28- Westeros 
29- Eddard 
30- Sutherland 
31- Christophe 
32- Newton 
33- Mitchell 
34- Gini 
35- Artemis 
SOF III Closed 
Seller type 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
EFTA01396870
--- PAGE 90 ---
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
Multiple 
Multiple 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Limited Process Multiple 
Syndication 
Pension 
Financial Institution 
Corporate 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process SWF 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Family Office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Family Office 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Public to Private 
EFTA01396871
--- PAGE 91 ---
Limited Process SWF 
Deal type 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Family Office / HNWI Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
EFTA01396872
--- PAGE 92 ---
149 
Companies 
1,294 
169 
EFTA01396873
--- PAGE 93 ---
968 
2,837 
Invested capital 
(US$m) 
144.9 
36.8 
109.4 
12.9 
23.0 
25.5 
61.2 
27.5 
14.7 
100.0 
65.3 
7.2 
14.3 
17.6 
54.7 
34.6 
86.6 
40.2 
27.0 
29.9 
23.1 
101.6 
41.8 
13.7 
79.0 
35.7 
154.9 
239.7 
51.3 
9.5 
44.2 
118.0 
32.0 
42.0 
11.4 
1,931.2 
Funded capital 
EFTA01396874
--- PAGE 94 ---
(US$m) 
117.2 
36.8 
46.0 
13.0 
9.7 
25.5 
65.7 
27.5 
14.7 
49.0 
9.3 
6.5 
15.1 
17.6 
13.9 
26.6 
40.2 
26.0 
26.7 
29.9 
22.9 
40.7 
27.6 
7.1 
57.2 
15.0 
81.6 
178.6 
27.6 
9.8 
3.4 
4.4 
31.9 
27.4 
10.5 
1162.6 
Initial 
closing 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q1 15 
Q2 15 
Q2 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q4 15 
EFTA01396875
--- PAGE 95 ---
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q1 16 
Q1 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q4 16 
Q4 16 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q2 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Gross 
multiple 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.6x 
0.8x 
1.2x 
0.0x 
1.8x 
1.2x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.Ox 
2.6x 
1.4x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.5x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
0.7x 
2.1x 
1.7x 
1.7x 
1.2x 
EFTA01396876
--- PAGE 96 ---
1.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.5x 
1.6x 
0.9x 
4.1x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.3x 
1.4x 
Portfolio detail 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Global — real estate 
Europe — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Global — buyout 
Europe — real estate 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — diversified 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — real estate 
US - diversified 
Europe - buyout 
US - mid-market buyout 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
EFTA01396877
--- PAGE 97 ---
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections. Past 
performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396878
--- PAGE 98 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2011 
US$614m 
668m 
16% 
509m 
592m 
187m 
US$779m 
1.16x 
22% 
0.37x 
1.53x 
20% 
Vintage year 
12% 
5% 
6% 
Europe 
56% 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
1% 
20% 
38% 
54% 
4% 
4% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
EFTA01396879
--- PAGE 99 ---
21% 
17% 
13% 
10% 
11% 
8% 
19% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
2014 - 2015 
5% 
7% 
3% 
5% 
Other 
Communications & Media 
Real Estate 
Natural Resources 
Financial Services 
Healthcare 
Technology 
Business Services 
Consumer 
Industrials 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396880
--- PAGE 100 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Monet I, II 
2- Beethoven 
3- Rembrandt 
4- Giant 
5- Hemingway 
6- Modigliani I-V & RE 
8- Hockney 
9- Chagall 
10- Hopper 
11- Donatello 
12- Pollock 
13- Whitney 
15- Constable 
16- Cecconi 
17- Bailey 
18- Steinbeck 
19- Guardi 
21- Windmill I, II 
23- Browning 
24lonesco 
25-
Zampieri 
26- Fitzgerald 
28- Porter 
29- Fitzgerald II 
30- Abels 
31- Laurel 
SOF II 
Sourcing 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited process 
Syndication 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
EFTA01396881
--- PAGE 101 ---
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Seller type 
Pension 
Multiple 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Pension Fund 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary / Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
EFTA01396882
--- PAGE 102 ---
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
Companiesl 
225 
EFTA01396883
--- PAGE 103 ---
140 
737 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
46.8 
27.1 
2.2 
3.4 
16.4 
38.4 
9.5 
9.4 
15.1 
3.0 
13.4 
64.0 
26.1 
12.8 
30.2 
97.3 
13.3 
22.7 
8.8 
27.7 
23.8 
15.0 
74.7 
10.0 
11.8 
45.2 
668.1 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
45.8 
26.9 
2.2 
EFTA01396884
--- PAGE 104 ---
3.1 
16.4 
37.1 
8.1 
8.4 
14.1 
3.0 
13.1 
21.5 
24.3 
11.0 
30.5 
81.7 
11.8 
20.5 
7.1 
26.8 
23.4 
15.0 
60.4 
10.0 
10.6 
19.0 
551.7 
Initial 
closing 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q4 11 
Q4 11 
Q1 12 
Q2 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q4 12 
Q1 13 
Q2 13 
Q2 13 
Q3 13 
Q4 13 
Q1 14 
Q1 14 
Q2 14 
Q2 14 
Q3 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
EFTA01396885
--- PAGE 105 ---
Q3 16 
Gross 
multiple 
0.7x 
1.6x 
3.0x 
1.8x 
1.0x 
2.Ox 
1.5x 
1.6x 
1.6x 
1.1x 
2.3x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.8x 
2.4x 
1.3x 
1.8x 
0.7x 
1.9x 
2.8x 
1.6x 
1.4x 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.3x 
2.Ox 
1.7x 
Portfolio detail 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — late stage venture 
US — mezzanine 
US — special situations 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — diversified 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — diversified 
EFTA01396886
--- PAGE 106 ---
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — diversified 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF II is 1.5x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of this 
Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396887
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Invested capital 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2006 
6% 0% 
US$565m 
549m 
421m 
756m 
20m 
US$775m 
1.80x 
0.05x 
1.84x 
22% 
Vintage year 
10% 
2% 
20% 
Europe 
90% 
North 
America 
10% 
33% 
46% 
Pre 2006 
2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV = Fair Market Value 
Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and 
there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
5% 
Financial Services 
IT and Technology 
18% 
EFTA01396888
--- PAGE 108 ---
Business Services 
49% 
45% 
Large Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
28% 
Healthcare 
Sector composition 
21% 
Industrials 
18% 
Other 
EFTA01396889
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Leonardo 
2- Sprint 
3- Constellation 
4- Crown 
5- Freedom 
6- Pigeon 
7- Hoover I 
8- Hoover II 
9- Amadeus I 
10- Hoover III 
11- Amadeus II 
12- Hoover IV 
13- Hoover V 
14/21- Bach 
15- Hoover VI 
16- Hoover VII 
17- Hoover VIII 
18- DaVinci 
19- Imperial 
20- Hoover IX 
SOF 
18- DaVinci 
SOF and SOF D 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively. Converted from EUR to US$ using a rate of 1.1822. 
(3) The performance figures are based on unaudited fair values and should be 
read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Important Performance Information" sections. Gross returns are gross of 
fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the investment 
level so performance is not expected to be representative of investment 
returns to investors. Investors should consult with their own advisers 
as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this 
information. Past performance is not a prediction of future performance, but 
it is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
EFTA01396890
--- PAGE 110 ---
that any target results will be achieved. 
(4) Hoover transactions represent the investments made by SOF via a special 
purpose vehicle ("SPV") attracting additional accounting and administrative 
expenses. The actual performance for the SPV may be lower than 
the performance of the individual investments because of the additional 
accounting and administrative expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this 
SPV, including the fees and expenses is 1.9x. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Sourcing 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Seller type 
Financial Institution 
Public to private 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family Office 
Financial Institution 
Endowment 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Multiple 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family office 
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
EFTA01396891
--- PAGE 111 ---
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Sub Total 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
154 
154 
Companiesl 
EFTA01396892
--- PAGE 112 ---
609 
104 
196 
193 
152 
294 
1,774 
193 
1,774 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
205.3 
36.0 
16.5 
19.4 
15.0 
22.8 
0.4 
0.1 
16.1 
2.7 
5.4 
3.3 
3.4 
39.0 
4.8 
2.9 
0.5 
103.3 
51.1 
0.8 
548.8 
138.1 
686.9 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
166.0 
EFTA01396893
--- PAGE 113 ---
36.1 
16.7 
21.6 
12.1 
24.7 
0.4 
0.3 
16.2 
2.6 
5.5 
2.6 
3.5 
32.3 
5.8 
2.8 
0.5 
53.7 
29.4 
0.7 
433.3 
67.2 
500.5 
Initial 
closing 
Q1 07 
Q3 07 
Q3 07 
Q4 07 
Q2 08 
Q4 08 
Q4 08 
Q1 09 
Q1 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q4 09 
Q4 09 
Q1 10 
Q2 10 
Q3 10 
Q3 10 
Q4 10 
Q4 10 
Q3 10 
Gross 
multiple 
2.0x 
3.0x 
0.9x 
1.7x 
EFTA01396894
--- PAGE 114 ---
0.3x 
1.3x 
1.9x 
8.8x 
2.4x 
0.8x 
3.3x 
2.2x 
1.7x 
2.0x 
1.7x 
3.4x 
2.8x 
3.Ox 
1.9x 
2.6x 
2.1x 
3.Ox 
2.2x 
Portfolio detail 
US / Europe — diversified 
Europe — buyout 
US / Europe — growth equity 
Europe — special situations 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Asia — diversified 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — venture capital 
US / Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — mezzanine 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — diversified 
EFTA01396895
--- PAGE 115 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being made available 
to you (the "Recipient") by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority, for the purpose of providing certain summary 
information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to 
known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered into at the date that this Presentation is 
made available but that Glendower expects will occur or be entered into 
thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, 
which contain additional information about the investment objective, terms 
and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any 
investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if 
made, may not be relied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to 
qualified investors on a confidential basis at their 
request. The information contained in this Presentation will be superseded 
by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such offering 
documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Investors 
should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the 
meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
EFTA01396896
--- PAGE 116 ---
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered Party") are provided on an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered 
Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before 
taking action with respect to any services, material, or 
information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse also will not 
solicit a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the 
Covered Party to provide investment advisory services to or on behalf of the 
Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by 
Glendower or its affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative, or 
other agent thereof) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation 
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure, provided, however, that such disclosure shall not include the 
name (or other identifying information not relevant to the tax structure or 
tax treatment) of any person and shall not include 
information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to 
comply with applicable securities laws. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396897
--- PAGE 117 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns generated by the Fund will equal or 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement its 
investment strategies or achieve its investment objectives. The Fund's 
investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by 
Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment 
and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this 
Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional information), correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any 
additional information to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible 
subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or its 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors, 
officers, partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case 
of fraud) for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential), damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by any person 
as a result of relying on any statement in, or omission from, this 
Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current assumptions, may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other 
events that were not taken into account may occur and may significantly 
affect the analysis herein. Therefore, changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. 
Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, 
opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding 
whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be reliable for the 
purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
EFTA01396898
--- PAGE 118 ---
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not treat this Presentation as tax, 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to 
the Recipient of this information and this information should not and cannot 
be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation 
are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability 
and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated 
with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396899
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment, but not including any GP-led Secondary) as reasonably determined 
by the Manager as the context requires. "Fund Secondary" means (a) an 
interest held directly or indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a 
fund of funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a 
standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the 
Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in 
clause (a) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or 
has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the 
aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their 
aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period 
that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) shall be deemed to 
equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be 
determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest, but not 
including any Single Asset Deals) as reasonably determined by the Manager as 
the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
"SOF Team" and "Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the 
Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index": The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market 
index of the bottom 2,000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is 
maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"MSCI World Index": The MSCI World Index is a broad global equity benchmark 
that represents large and mid-cap equity performance across 23 developed 
markets countries. It covers approximately 
85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private 
Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private 
equity buyout asset class by constructing a 
EFTA01396900
--- PAGE 120 ---
combination of sector portfolio returns. These sector portfolios are 
designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by 
holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investing directly in private equity firms. 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396901
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
and its affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an 
independent private equity firm owned by its partners focused on secondary 
transactions in private markets. The performance information and track 
record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date, 
including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team were 
employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating 
the track record, each Recipient should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
and Charles Smith have been permanent voting members of the SOF Funds 
investment committees since inception; (ii) Chi 
Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the 
majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and 
have been permanent voting members since January 2013; (iii) other employees 
of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at 
different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the 
investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment 
professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to 
provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management 
(Global) Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the 
SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or investment committee 
members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Glendower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information 
and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines, including, but not limited to, the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 204-2 thereunder, 
and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance 
information by Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net 
IRR" shall mean an aggregate, compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, 
internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash flows. 
Calculations are presented based on actual cash flows 
to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" basis 
unless otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection 
EFTA01396902
--- PAGE 122 ---
with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are 
borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce returns 
and, in the aggregate, are expected to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors, 
including as a result of an investor's domicile). Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. Returns reflect purchase price netting in all 
instances where subscription credit lines, payment deferrals, and permanent 
fund borrowing have been utilized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to 
date. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") represents aggregate 
distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in 
Capital ("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest 
held within the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital 
("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, 
etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant investment fund. Any such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner 
believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the actual realized returns 
on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior 
performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly, the actual 
realized returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets") presented herein are 
based on Glendower's views regarding the returns on investments that such 
funds may be able to achieve during their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, 
current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being 
reviewed or have recently been reviewed, 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions 
and market fluctuation or recovery. The Targets are also based on models, 
estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee 
that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as 
anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. Individual investments made by such funds may have anticipated 
returns below or above the Targets. The Targets are hypothetical and are 
EFTA01396903
--- PAGE 123 ---
neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the 
funds to fail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns, gross 
Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, "carried 
interest," taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of 
unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, 
which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantial. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396904
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(the "AIFMD"), the Fund will constitute an EU AIF (as defined in the AIFMD) 
whose AIFM (as defined in the AIFMD) is the 
Manager, itself an EU AIFM. Except as provided below in respect of the 
specific member states listed, this Presentation and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the interests in the Fund, shall 
only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their 
registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are "professional investors". For these purposes, a 
"professional investor" is a person who is considered to be a professional 
client or who may, on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 2004/39/EC. 
AIFMD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member State") which 
has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this 
Presentation may only be distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) 
the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the 
relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the 
local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully 
distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed 
in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to 
individual circumstances, or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation 
to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of 
investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future 
results and is no guarantee to future results. This Presentation has been 
prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is 
defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) 
EFTA01396905
--- PAGE 125 ---
(the "Act") and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (11) (respectively) of the Act, 
in respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 6D 
or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial 
product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product 
disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation is not 
required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be 
required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it 
required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission. The funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia, Credit 
Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch, are not 
authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent 
deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit 
Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of such Credit 
Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents No 
offer to the public to purchase the Fund's interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to 
be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown 
to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, 
a prospectus, an advertisement, a public 
offering, an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public 
offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is 
obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment 
will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no 
circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as 
investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396906
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered with the Registrar of Companies. This 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an 
invitation or offer to the public. As such, it must not be distributed or 
redistributed to and may not be relied upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the 
information contained herein references securities of an issuer 
incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in 
Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, 
the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described 
herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in 
the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities not registered with the SVS 
may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption 
apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors 
pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not "addressed to the public 
in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public"). For 
additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities, please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China ("PRC") or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These 
materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or 
entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory or investment management services. 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
EFTA01396907
--- PAGE 127 ---
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. 
Neither the products, nor the Management Company/Issuers have and will not 
be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make its own inquiries and consult its own advisors as to 
this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers, including the 
merits and risks involved, and as to legal, tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing 
material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign 
financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. 
Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial Code (Code Monetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is 
being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests 
will be concluded in Haiti. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396908
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any interests or securities may not 
be offered or sold and have not been offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means 
of any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 
622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no 
person has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and 
will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether 
in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any 
interests or securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that will not constitute "an offer to the 
public" under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 
("the Securities Law") or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, 
5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during 
any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum ("the Addendum") to the 
Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or 
mutual trust funds, provident funds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers 
(purchasing Products for themselves), members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange 
(purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing Products 
for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the capital 
market, an entity which is wholly-owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations, (other than formed for the specific 
purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity 
in excess of NIS 50 million, and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice 
EFTA01396909
--- PAGE 129 ---
Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect of which at least 
one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice 
Law) and securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities 
Law (together, "Liquid Assets") exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income over each of the 
preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), or the 
level of income of their "family unit" exceeds 
NIS 1.8 million (approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all 
their Liquid Assets exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their 
level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or the level of income 
of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately £150,000); each as 
defined in the said Addendum, as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation 
that they qualify as Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the 
consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private 
placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the 
Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities 
Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the 
aim or intention of distributing or offering such Product to other parties 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this 
Presentation should be considered investment advice or investment marketing 
as defined in the Regulation of Investment 
Counselling, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide 
confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its 
own account or, where applicable, for other Sophisticated 
Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or 
other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful, or 
in which the person making such offer or solicitation is 
not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396910
--- PAGE 130 ---
EFTA01396911
--- PAGE 131 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEL") and, 
accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under 
circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the 
relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities (as defined in the 
Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined 
in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been 
issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera del Exterior) not subject to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the "CNBV"). The securities mentioned 
herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the 
Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, its issuance, offering, distribution 
and listing are not subject to the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions 
of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV 
or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor which has such knowledge and 
EFTA01396912
--- PAGE 132 ---
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating 
the risks and merits of an investment in the Fund. 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed 
by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed portfolio 
management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 
of July 26, 1991 and Law 1.338 of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the 
"Commission de Controle des Activites Financier-es. Such regulated 
intermediaries may in turn communicate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment business" or "government agency" 
within the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New 
Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman 
(Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the 
solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.-
1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396913
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent investigation of the risks involved in an 
investment in such interests. The promotional documentation does not 
constitute an offer to the public and is for the use only of the named 
addressee and should not be given or shown to any other 
person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the State of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your 
jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be 
made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests 
offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the interests. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the 
SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this 
Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred 
to in this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the 
investment is suitable for you. The product named in this 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS") and none of its interests / shares / units shall be 
allowed to be offered to retail public in Singapore. 
This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant products. The delivery of this Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or 
offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, 
before the sales of any fund product, the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
EFTA01396914
--- PAGE 134 ---
liability for losses that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indicated to the contrary, all 
figures are unaudited. The information provided herein is for the exclusive 
use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e., are not 
listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private 
equity investments, including the investment opportunity described herein, 
may include the following additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial 
portion of the investor's investment, (ii) investment 
managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier or more 
speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of liquidity 
as there may be no secondary market, (iv) 
volatility of returns, (v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of 
diversification, (vii) high fees and expenses, (viii) little or no 
requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributing important tax information to investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering 
documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of charge from the Representative. 
The place of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in 
or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the 
Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Switzerland shall be subject to the 
jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be charged by the Paying Agent. If a 
subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions 
and money must be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396915
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the 
Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult 
his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her 
investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The interests in 
the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated 
investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in 
the Fund have not been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental 
agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in 
the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of the offering, including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying 
recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other 
EFTA01396916
--- PAGE 136 ---
jurisdictions where the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold 
for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and 
resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the 
Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will 
not be registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public market 
for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01396917
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained 
from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this 
presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF 
YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. 
YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH 
PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other 
U S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their 
affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the 
principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this 
presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment 
Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material or its affiliates through 
arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the 
provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to 
clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in 
this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or 
understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, 
representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state 
securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this 
potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or 
EFTA01396918
--- PAGE 138 ---
other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without 
Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is 
effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 
027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
EFTA01396919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396920.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative 
investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the 
"Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, 
Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's 
administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain 
information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax 
identification 
number; 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of 
name; 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's 
license; 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial 
condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial 
condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, 
Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties 
and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our 
fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE 
Confidential 
* * * 
EFTA01396920
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund: 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties 
to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in 
connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") 
in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund 
investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at 
the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital 
Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank 
will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or 
recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned 
by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an 
authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature:  
Title (if applicable): 
Date:  
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidential 
EFTA01396921
--- PAGE 3 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
EFTA01396922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396923.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01396923
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund") with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the 
Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The 
Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel funds thereto, 
the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is 
inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this 
Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and 
nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information 
contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the 
Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This 
Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any 
other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access 
Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the 
tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other 
tax analyses) that are provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, 
however, that no Investor (and no 
EFTA01396924
--- PAGE 3 ---
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any 
party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could 
any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify 
information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent 
thereto. 
reasonably result in a violation of 
and update the Memorandum to provide 
and the compensation and fees related 
EFTA01396925
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of 
Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the 
last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have 
entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "DBSI Placement 
Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a 
Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that 
subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for 
Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement 
(including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing 
basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced 
Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(ii.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in 
respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the 
aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the 
EFTA01396926
--- PAGE 5 ---
product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon 
Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(iii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing 
Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of 
any 
Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as 
applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable 
share of Invested Capital. 
EFTA01396927
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee 
(the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital 
contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by 
Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion 
of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as 
follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
1.00% 
1.50% 
less than $3,000,000 2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart 
from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the 
relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with 
an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank 
and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will 
also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its 
clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall 
pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital 
commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the 
Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such 
direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the 
additional layer of fees and 
EFTA01396928
--- PAGE 7 ---
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients 
investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum 
capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB 
Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the 
Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following 
risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
EFTA01396929
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. 
Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription 
made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to 
Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to 
other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of 
any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person 
to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain 
servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each 
DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement 
(including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing 
basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced 
Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced 
Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such 
DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per 
annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or 
greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, 
through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB 
Introduced Person's allocable share 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied 
by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 
0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 
million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of 
EFTA01396930
--- PAGE 9 ---
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the 
Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable share of Invested 
Capital. 
Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an 
affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital 
commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of 
portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the 
Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar 
fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests 
in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored 
or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective 
affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in 
connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an 
investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or 
indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not 
receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt 
of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of 
other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons 
with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shares of other funds or investment products over sales of 
Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund 
Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's 
aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as 
determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential 
conflicts of interest, into account when 
EFTA01396931
--- PAGE 10 ---
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or 
indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
EFTA01396932
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS126 Pacific Life Insurance Co 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" 
is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk 
factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
of Certain Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental 
and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement 
with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New 
York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research 
analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey 
Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the 
federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and 
auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among 
other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers 
who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. 
In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders 
against DBSI. 
EFTA01396933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396934.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd 
Street, 26th 
Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: 
www.icapitalnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business 
practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of 
this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the 
United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities 
authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the 
Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure 
should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement 
by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not 
imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, 
sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
EFTA01396934
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item I: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual 
updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to iCapital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. 
This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an 
update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to 
the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's 
business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition, in December 2017, 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent company of iCapital, acquired the U.S. private equity 
access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the 
investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item I: Material 
Changes  
Item 3: Table of 
Contents  
Item 4: Advisory 
Business  
Item 5: Fees and 
Compensation  
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side 
Management  
.. 7 
Item 7: Types of 
Clients  
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of 
Loss  
Item 9: Disciplinary 
Information  
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and 
Affiliations  
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
and Personal Trading  
Item 12: Brokerage 
Practices  
EFTA01396935
--- PAGE 3 ---
Item 13: Review of 
Accounts  
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other 
Compensation  
Item 15: 
Custody  
Item 16: Investment 
Discretion  
Item 17: Voting Client 
Securities  
Item 18: Financial 
Information  
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital", "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware 
limited liability 
company that has been in business since May, 2014. We are wholly-owned by 
Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of 
business in New 
York, NY. iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities"), 
is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the 
SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as 
the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by 
iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on 
iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle 
Property Investors 
Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-SV7, L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, L.P., 
BIAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private 
Equity Select Master 
EFTA01396936
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select Master Fund II, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select 
Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III 
(U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund 
IV (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate 
and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate and 
Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit Select Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), 
Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), 
L.P., BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), L.P., BIAS 
2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), L.P., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global 
Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-KVV Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-TEP Access Fund, 
L.P., 
iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, 
iCapital-Apollo 
EFTA01396937
--- PAGE 5 ---
L.P., 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-KV 
Seed C Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-SH Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., 
Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership, iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, L.P., and Horizon 
Opportunities Fund, a series 
of 
(each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
L.P., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
L.P. 
iCapital provides investment 
iCapital Global Access Partnership II, 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access 
Partnership II, L.P. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct 
Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services 
to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to 
the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner, and not 
individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the 
Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered 
under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the 
assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the 
Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's 
confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments 
of investors 
for the purpose of 
investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") 
that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying 
Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related 
risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other 
EFTA01396938
--- PAGE 6 ---
disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment 
Funds primarily 
EFTA01396939
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-
adviser (a "SubAdviser") 
selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective 
investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge 
funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000, as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives 
and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an 
"Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors, 
Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior 
to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment 
activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. 
Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As of December 31, 2017 total discretionary assets under management were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 
values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management 
for these Funds 
are as of September 30, 2017.1 
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets 
of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent of 
iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital, none of 
which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly 
in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The 
management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of 
which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates 
to the applicable SubAdviser 
for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor 
EFTA01396940
--- PAGE 8 ---
withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor 
prepaid the 
Funds with 9/30/2017 values are as follows: Private Equity Select Master 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity 
Global Select Master Fund IV, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, 
Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select Fund 
VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private Equity 
Asia Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Fund IV (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., 
Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) 
L.P., Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., 6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), L.P., BEP 
Private Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), 
L.P., BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), 
L.P., KKR Credit Select Access Fund II (U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select 
Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, S.C.A., Private 
Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, 
Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select, iCapital Vintage II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-SV7, 
L.P., Invesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund L.P., iCapital- KV Seed C Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital- TEP Non-US Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- TEP Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapitalKVV 
Access Fund, L.P., iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- 2015 
Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
EFTA01396941
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar 
will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid 
based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund 
otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the 
may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described 
to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying 
of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, 
is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing 
the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees 
received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee 
are generally 
subject to their pro 
Funds. These fees 
typically include 
an annual basis, 
and in most cases 
ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation 
Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, 
preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. 
In addition, each Fund will 
fees, 
indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational 
expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, 
offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private 
partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any 
commitment 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, 
monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing 
quarter, such Investor 
for any quarter, 
documents provide 
foregoing, iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion 
rata portion 
to any Investor. 
above, iCapital may be entitled 
Manager typically charged as a percentage 
the 
Fee 
General Partner of the Underlying Fund 
to iCapital. Investors should refer to 
an investor might be 
described 
of any 
a management fee, which 
subject to or 
above, the Private Access Funds 
fees charged by the Underlying 
generally ranges from 1% 
an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally 
in the 
such Private 
on 
Underlying Fund. In respect of the 
Access Funds are often subject to a 
expenses and costs and 
certain Underlying Funds will 
Access Fund (and its other limited 
transaction fees, break-up fees, 
waiver fees, modification fees, 
fees and other similar fees 
EFTA01396942
--- PAGE 10 ---
received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such 
Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure 
relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in 
an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various 
service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as 
described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty 
Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider 
for 
certain Funds. Dynasty may 
provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may 
receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network 
of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. 
There is no form of legal 
partnership, agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and 
Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such 
organizational and 
offering expenses generally include, but are not limited to, legal expenses, 
travel, accounting, 
EFTA01396943
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the 
formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing 
and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the 
terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the 
Private Access Fund, 
including without limitation: the management fee; organizational expenses; 
liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or government 
charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's 
tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial 
statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental 
returns, reports and 
filings; any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund 
in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund; extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Private Access 
Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities; 
legal, administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator 
for the 
the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or 
otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners, whether individually or in a 
group; expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, 
appraisal, 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or 
EFTA01396944
--- PAGE 12 ---
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the 
issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access 
Fund, the General 
Partner and any of 
their respective partners, members, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will 
indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried 
interest, organizational 
expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the 
Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all 
the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including 
without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing 
and subscription 
materials; printing and mailing costs; filing and regulatory fees and 
expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to 
be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund, the applicable general partner or the Firm relating 
to such Direct 
Investment Fund), pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the 
costs and expenses of 
valuation agents); accounting, custodial, administrative, legal, audit, 
bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any 
administrator or custodian); 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses; investment 
research and 
research- related products and services; data processing costs; consultant 
fees; tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses, 
if any, including, without limitation, 
indemnification, dispute 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
EFTA01396945
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
resolution, litigations and related legal 
Form ADV Part 2A 
fees and expenses; investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., 
expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner, iCapital or any sub-
adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct 
Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions, spreads, mark-ups on securities, interest expenses, custodial 
and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management); 
insurance expenses, 
bank charges, currency hedging costs; and other investment and operating 
expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses, preparation of 
the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be 
subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the 
applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses, including its employees' salaries, 
rent, utilities, etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to 
its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may 
create an 
incentive for 
iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions 
regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of 
investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of 
management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an 
Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further 
details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from 
the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by 
"Qualified Purchasers" as 
EFTA01396946
--- PAGE 14 ---
defined in the Investment Company Act. 
iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate 
planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of 
institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit 
plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations 
or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds 
operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment 
objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment 
commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although 
iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount 
iCapital may from time to time enter 
into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of 
a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or 
different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the 
performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the 
third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or 
investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will 
not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written 
agreements or any of the 
EFTA01396947
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to 
offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or 
shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow 
investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums 
than would be 
required for a direct 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" 
diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, 
operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's 
platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative 
phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop 
market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts, growth capital, 
mezzanine, etc.) 
to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage, 
iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against 
benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months, 
iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase, 
iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed 
benchmarking analysis, and 
a thorough review of 
the competitive landscape. 
iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy, review 
the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before 
meeting with 
a manager, iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time 
evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough 
EFTA01396948
--- PAGE 16 ---
list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence, iCapital does a complete review of the 
fund's PPM, LPA, 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally, iCapital makes reference calls 
to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth, and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative 
components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which 
iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment, operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to 
cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, 
investment strategy 
and marketing positioning, competitive landscape, discussion of poor 
investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital 
leverages these meetings, the review of 
the list 
the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions, to evaluate the 
fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, 
diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off 
interest. 
reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies, peer firms, institutional LPs, former 
employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis 
is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
EFTA01396949
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation, iCapital looks at internal rate of return 
("IRR"), multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual 
value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance, 
the loss ratio, 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing, cumulative 
contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally, iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures 
that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion 
of the review, 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings 
with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report 
is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is 
required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform 
needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment. 
In particular, 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a 
unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective, 
iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of I to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund 
strategy buckets, 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process, 
iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and 
strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify 
managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, 
leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, 
including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct 
initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a 
meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. 
EFTA01396950
--- PAGE 18 ---
In these meetings, 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment 
team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of 
the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage, iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital 
makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. 
("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent 
evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle 
Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage, if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due 
diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence 
report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the 
Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our 
network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to 
conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds 
as part of the 
EFTA01396951
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and 
investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected 
will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not 
consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly, 
there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect 
conflicts of 
interest, 
fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to 
substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or 
distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity, 
iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to 
facilitate 
such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due 
diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly, there is the risk that 
iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the 
Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be 
prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation 
of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of 
professional 
investors are urged to consult their 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding 
to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
any Fund, which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private 
Access Funds such 
EFTA01396952
--- PAGE 20 ---
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of 
interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's 
investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds, or any of 
the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future 
performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved 
or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and 
liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which 
will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. 
We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund 
offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. 
Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the 
high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks 
before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment 
due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally, 
Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
the Funds it manages. Prospective 
advisers and review the offering 
EFTA01396953
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through 
more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information 
regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a 
subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective 
investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and 
accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM 
with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment 
therein apply generally 
to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing, 
each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a 
limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that 
will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other 
laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on 
transfer, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial 
withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement 
(except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the 
performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing 
operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those 
expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried 
interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses, organizational expenses and other expenses 
and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the 
Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the 
EFTA01396954
--- PAGE 22 ---
Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' 
performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access 
Fund may invest a 
portion of 
its assets in short 
term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private 
Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General 
Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of 
their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of 
bad judgment, 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the 
Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which 
pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial 
losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its 
affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense 
thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund 
constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the 
extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise 
freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the 
risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the 
Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than 
reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering 
documents. 
EFTA01396955
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
iCapital cannot predict 
the timing and amounts of 
Form ADV Part 2A 
the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will 
require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the 
date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending 
acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice 
of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing 
of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a 
Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital), 
regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
in the 
to its investment 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution 
obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or 
otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, 
which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of 
its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their 
time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a 
Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
EFTA01396956
--- PAGE 24 ---
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Investors in a Private Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying 
Fund Manager, their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund, iCapital, and not the Investors in any 
Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable 
Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no 
opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend 
such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital 
will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing 
agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager, any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any 
liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or 
supplement 
the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable 
otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay 
to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, 
distributions previously 
EFTA01396957
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to 
an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all 
or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect 
of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly, Investors may be required to repay or 
pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to 
meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished 
information on a 
Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal 
income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to, among other things, the timely 
receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing 
differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an 
Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to 
the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from 
a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be 
significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private 
Access Funds' 
is 
limited, and the transferability of such investments 
is 
investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. 
Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An 
investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the 
market for the sale of 
such investments 
also generally 
EFTA01396958
--- PAGE 26 ---
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able 
to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it 
desires. 
Economic and Market Risk. Companies and securities in which a Fund will 
for example, 
including, 
exchange 
rate 
fluctuations, 
industry 
invest may be 
inflation rates, 
competition, 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their 
specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, 
currency devaluation, 
conditions, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and 
diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the 
control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. 
A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on 
some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, 
factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private 
equity funds' 
investment in such company. 
iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or SubAdviser's 
projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future 
performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to 
uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that 
invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the 
Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a 
portion of its interest in 
EFTA01396959
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"), iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors 
that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions), pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the 
aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the 
Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions, 
iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a 
forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest. Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available 
legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount, including attorneys' fees, 
to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest 
charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such 
Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have 
been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware 
Act provides 
that if certain requirements of 
the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, 
liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership 
are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited 
partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these 
provisions were 
enacted relatively recently, there is a dearth of case law interpreting 
those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to 
claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a 
Fund and other 
series of 
the Partnership. 
Finally, other 
contractual 
arrangements entered 
into by 
EFTA01396960
--- PAGE 28 ---
a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect 
of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act. Accordingly, the degree of 
separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a 
Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that 
Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that 
such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
Form ADV Part 2A 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not 
subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and 
operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore 
possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of 
such series and, consequently, that creditors of such series will seek 
recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-
advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in 
selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a 
great extent, on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to 
effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly, a Direct 
Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees 
of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to 
participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its 
portfolio could be 
impaired. 
In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any 
reason, 
sub-adviser engaged by the general 
partner will have equivalent 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner, 
there is no assurance 
that any replacement 
EFTA01396961
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in 
securities carries 
certain market risks. 
In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over 
which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or 
equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange 
rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and 
security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to 
particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's 
management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply, 
technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, 
the availability of additional 
capital and labor, general 
economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these 
factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of 
the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's 
profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, 
or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, 
in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs, 
interests in REITs, 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships, joint ventures, limited 
liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants, and stock purchase rights. The values of 
equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks, may decline due to general market 
conditions that are 
not related to a specific company, such as: real or perceived adverse 
economic conditions; 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings; and changes in 
interest or currency 
EFTA01396962
--- PAGE 30 ---
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity 
securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as 
workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity 
related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments 
that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that 
invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose 
performance is linked to the 
performance of 
foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present 
in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in 
emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: varying 
custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public 
information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the 
issuance and trading 
of securities; 
the unavailability of 
financial 
information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign 
accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility 
of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes; adverse 
political, social or 
diplomatic developments; 
limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process 
outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic 
trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other 
instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the 
conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher 
brokerage and custodian 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01396963
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS127 
iCapital 
Form ADV 
expenses 
exchange 
market. 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase 
American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary 
Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares 
of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. 
securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be 
subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These 
risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as 
in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs, 
EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without 
the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher 
expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less 
liquid. The performance 
of ADRs, EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary 
shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of 
companies based in, 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the 
governments of, 
emerging markets, 
including, but not 
limited to, certain Central and Eastern European 
countries, Asian countries and Latin American countries. 
involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market 
inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, 
sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations, and 
termination of 
trading. Political and economic 
undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid 
social, political and 
economic stability characteristics 
Annandale Capital 
Advisors, LLC 
Part 2A 
than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities 
or 
the lack of 
These securities 
swings, due to the 
modern technology, the lack of a 
the possibility of temporary or permanent 
structures in many emerging markets may be 
development, and emerging markets lack the 
of more developed countries. As a result, 
EFTA01396964
--- PAGE 32 ---
the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the 
possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation, may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may 
restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to 
national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities 
that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less 
efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a 
custodian or brokerdealer 
in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size 
of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack 
of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted 
or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined 
with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange 
rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and 
unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities 
and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may, but is not required to, hedge the currency 
exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value 
of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes 
of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase 
in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its 
investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the 
values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a 
decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-
denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short 
periods of time. 
EFTA01396965
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the 
foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, 
changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by 
intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by 
currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate 
between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has 
changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a 
Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or 
solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the 
financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political 
conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in 
economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer 
or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value 
and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of 
lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The 
values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the 
issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the 
issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer 
and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements 
for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over 
time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to 
downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. 
They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer 
or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the 
EFTA01396966
--- PAGE 34 ---
investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the 
investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are 
from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, 
regions, sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to 
this, together with 
its long-term approach 
portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio 
stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinan 
volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies 
concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money 
the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. 
Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways, the overall adverse impact 
on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the 
government or 
affairs of such countries or regions, could be considerably greater than if 
it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent. Although the investment guidelines of a 
Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio 
assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance 
markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. 
procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain 
delivery of 
securities) not 
typically 
associated with the settlement of U.S. 
investments. At 
times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries 
of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out 
transactions. If a 
value of the 
of its investment. 
expected to be concentrated 
one 
the effect of 
to investment, could result in large movements in the 
increases the importance of the selection of each 
t of investment performance and also increases the 
in an industry, country or region in which a Fund 
or underperform 
concentration, there is no 
effects. 
procedures in certain foreign 
Foreign settlement and clearance 
risks (such as delays in payment for or 
have not kept pace with the number 
another and 
EFTA01396967
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it 
may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no 
return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a 
sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or, if it has 
contracted to sell the 
security to another party, the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small 
or Medium-Sized Companies Investing in the securities of 
small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio 
price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established 
issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies 
have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for 
greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in 
the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited 
product lines, 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less 
experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on 
the over-thecounter 
markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or 
in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange 
or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities 
that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain 
small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are 
contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become 
illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's 
average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in 
substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these 
illiquid investments, 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately, 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) 
EFTA01396968
--- PAGE 36 ---
than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid 
securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further, companies whose securities 
are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection 
requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, 
notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of 
issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. 
Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for 
equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities, 
their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due 
to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible 
fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible 
securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant 
to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and 
conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at 
the option of the 
holder, a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying 
common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined 
substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price, performance, liquidity and 
value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that 
investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in 
the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to 
counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will 
not fulfill its contractual 
it may take a Fund 
EFTA01396969
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk. A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or 
cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash 
equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time 
to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise 
uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. 
Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, 
at the same time, 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate 
the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the 
Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, 
a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any 
decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors 
in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund, the effect of 
leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio 
investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a 
Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the 
investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a 
Fund will have 
to pay, 
the Fund's investment return will be greater than if 
Conversely, 
if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage, the investment return of a Fund 
will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid 
assets, marked-tomarket 
daily, to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's 
investment flexibility, 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings 
EFTA01396970
--- PAGE 38 ---
take the form 
of, or are embedded in, margined option premiums, repurchase agreements, 
bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There 
can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under 
all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, 
discretionary margin, 
the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
haircut, financing and valuation policies, or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions, whether due to market circumstances or 
government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, 
loss of financing, 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of 
swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such 
adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are 
imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such 
limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio 
at disadvantageous 
prices, perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk. A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends 
on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. 
These instruments include, 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps, currency 
forward contracts, 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A 
Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks 
associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can 
be highly complex 
leverage were not used. 
EFTA01396971
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an 
Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the 
underlying reference 
asset, a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to 
the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the 
terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be 
highly volatile, 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be 
difficult to value 
and highly illiquid, and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a 
derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights 
offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to 
subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified 
price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to 
expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase 
value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised 
prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves 
the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription 
price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such 
as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does 
not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or 
dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to 
assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative 
than other equitybased 
investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk 
than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through 
which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to 
risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even 
EFTA01396972
--- PAGE 40 ---
where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it 
may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to 
various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest 
rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund 
may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general 
the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a 
security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar 
security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and 
outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, 
or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund 
Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk 
bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies 
without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit 
strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk, may be less liquid and may be subject 
to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities ("Junk Bond") Risk. Fixed income instruments rated 
below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of 
comparable quality, are 
high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are 
predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records 
of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree 
EFTA01396973
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These 
securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate 
developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally, and less 
secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to 
accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after 
it is downgraded, the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior 
to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt 
increases in interest rates. 
instruments held by a Fund may fall 
in response to 
In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The 
value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates 
than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life 
of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in 
interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years 
generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage 
point. 
floaters, 
Inverse 
interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to 
interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the 
income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments 
also react 
to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser 
degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index 
chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current 
historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities, 
including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of 
EFTA01396974
--- PAGE 42 ---
those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e., extension risk). Securities that are 
subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates 
rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying 
debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens, all or a portion of the 
obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a 
relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates, a portion of 
a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be 
unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income 
received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and 
total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another 
party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of 
currency swaps, a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or 
receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If 
there is a default by the 
counterparty to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies 
pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of 
banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing 
standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in 
comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank 
market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets 
can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or 
closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency, interest rate, total return or other 
swaps that may be 
surrogates for other 
instruments such as currency forwards and interest 
rate options. 
EFTA01396975
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the 
underlying 
assets as well as counterparty risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs, 
which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or 
interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar 
to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
financing, default by borrowers, 
self-liquidation, and the 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills, are 
not diversified, and 
are subject to risks of project 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on 
distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on 
a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the 
extent that a portfolio 
company is subject 
to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems, such portfolio company may be subject to substantial 
losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and 
mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of 
civil 
litigation or 
regulatory or other 
action. Any 
such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to 
substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access 
is directed at 
iCapital or one of 
its service providers holding its financial or investor data, iCapital, 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further 
details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary 
events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management. 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. 
EFTA01396976
--- PAGE 44 ---
its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to 
prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-
dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and a member of the 
Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered 
as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services 
clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a 
broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional 
information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item 11 below for a description of how the 
Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital 
Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of 
Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund 
administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity, Gen II provides iCapital 
accounting and investor 
reporting, 
capital 
call 
and distribution processing and investor support 
services. This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in 
respect of the 
EFTA01396977
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital 
executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of 
iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select 
BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") 
and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored 
by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these 
relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying 
fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition, select 
financial services companies, 
including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made 
equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network, Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access 
Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create 
an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an 
iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity 
investors to provide 
services to the Funds, including administration or other services. iCapital 
will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and 
if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of 
the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of 
any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act 
EFTA01396978
--- PAGE 46 ---
Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act, 
iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in 
accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or 
accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of 
interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's 
Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into 
possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles 
that: 
- Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first; 
- Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are 
conducted 
EFTA01396979
--- PAGE 47 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
consistent with the Code of Ethics; and 
- Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) 
must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in 
other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his 
designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments; 
however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading 
authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of 
interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, 
iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of 
iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-
Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to 
discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in 
any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements 
without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is 
available upon request. 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, 
affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. 
iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the 
fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles 
thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for 
making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any 
discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, 
including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment 
funds, and providing 
transaction-related, 
investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
EFTA01396980
--- PAGE 48 ---
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may 
conflict with the 
interests of iCapital, other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain 
of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts 
of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may 
receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private 
Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments 
of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such 
placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest. The prospect of receiving 
such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place investors in the 
iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment 
vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition, iCapital may retain 
and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of 
marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not 
otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over 
another 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01396981
--- PAGE 49 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are 
also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and 
in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. 
Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts 
by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of 
the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, 
pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited 
partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited 
partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such 
additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or 
affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. 
The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or 
adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered 
investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the 
Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates 
provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund 
Manager or SubAdviser 
will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the 
applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any 
performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, 
as applicable) of each 
EFTA01396982
--- PAGE 50 ---
Fund may also benefit 
from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's 
investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and, under 
certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for 
financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. 
The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend 
iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who 
has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider 
such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and 
security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information 
necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such 
information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors 
to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an 
investor and 
required by law. 
iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the 
information. 
maintains security practices, physical, 
information about our 
iCapital 
electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
EFTA01396983
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will 
provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds, iCapital generally will not make 
investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited 
situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In 
such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the 
transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, 
including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread, reputation, financial 
strength and stability, 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of 
the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain 
the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any 
particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-
Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access 
Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the 
applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may 
take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with 
its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, 
including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and 
its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" 
credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay 
for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by 
Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional 
details regarding a SubAdviser's 
brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as 
applicable, and the 
EFTA01396984
--- PAGE 52 ---
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines 
are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive 
quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and 
ending equity, and the 
account's performance for that period. 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may 
provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as 
determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, 
each investor will 
statements for which they are invested, within 180 days of such Funds' 
fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities, LLC, an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-
dealer for private placement 
of 
interests of 
the Funds. 
iCapital Advisors does not 
receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an 
Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its 
affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private 
placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients 
with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer 
referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of 
the placement fee generated with respect 
to such 
Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
EFTA01396985
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be 
made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited 
Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such 
Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by 
such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to 
the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with 
Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to 
as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more 
iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of 
iCapital, is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital 
Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has 
committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital 
network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of 
such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential 
conflict of 
interest. 
Any 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item 15: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with 
"Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately 
offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-I(b)(I) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" 
under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized 
as, comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an 
EFTA01396986
--- PAGE 54 ---
independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the 
accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial 
statements 
prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or 
beneficial owners) within 
180 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. 
fund-of-funds, iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end 
of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will 
distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the 
Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures, and each 
Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are 
specified under 
the limited partnership agreement, where investment 
limits 
investment risk and maximize return. 
are intended to minimize 
such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party 
registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests 
in the iCapital Private Access Funds 
to 
public company 
members or other 
For a Fund that is a 
EFTA01396987
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of 
the Private Access Funds, 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private 
Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under 
the Underlying Funds' 
constituent 
documents, iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and 
may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is 
asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds, iCapital has delegated the 
obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-
Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy 
voting procedures. 
However, iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it 
is required to vote 
a proxy for 
certain investments. 
iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a 
determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the 
conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon 
request, we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures 
and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with 
certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's 
financial condition. 
iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary 
commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding. 
EFTA01396988
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
East 42nd 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Street, 26th 
New York, NY 10165 
Floor 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides 
Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis 
LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, 
Officer, at 1-
or by email at 
Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions 
Additional information about 
SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
information about Eileen Duff Blalock, 
that supplements the iCapital Advisors, 
iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance 
if you did not receive iCapital 
about the contents of this supplement. 
iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the 
EFTA01396989
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. 
Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for 
sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private 
banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative 
Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution 
functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset 
classes. Previously, Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global 
marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA 
Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of 
iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales 
commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396990
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is 
Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of 
First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool 
was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked 
as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was 
an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with 
Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. 
degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of 
Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any 
conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of 
iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Pool for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396991
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Robertshaw is a CoFounder 
and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016, he served as a Vice 
Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group 
at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more 
than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset 
Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. 
Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000, when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin 
& Jenrette, where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DU 
in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. 
He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. 
Robertshaw received a B.A. in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or 
disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Robertshaw for 
compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 
2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396992
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is 
Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level 
platform integration with 
banks, asset managers, wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior 
to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a 
$12.5 billion AUM multistrategy 
investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he 
was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and 
distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator 
of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree 
in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA 
licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396993
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees 
origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private 
equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment 
opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead 
the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was 
previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began 
his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-
Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics 
from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01396994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01396995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01396995.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
EFTA01396995
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, this 
"Memorandum") is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC 
or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager") to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors") for 
the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the 
"Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access 
Fund"). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner 
interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, 
prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety 
by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended 
or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA"), which shall be provided upon 
request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment 
Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this 
Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall 
control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the 
Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities 
commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the 
foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any 
EFTA01396996
--- PAGE 3 ---
representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any 
U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and 
jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. 
The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) 
in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual 
restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying 
Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the 
Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "Investment Company 
Act"). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the 
Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor" as 
defined within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a 
"qualified purchaser" as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," 
as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). There is no public 
market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General 
Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this 
Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund 
Manager" ("AIFM") under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests 
(or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled 
or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01396997
--- PAGE 4 ---
-ii 
EFTA01396998
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
organized under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State") 
of the European Economic Area 
("EEA")1 when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the 
application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the 
event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the 
prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent 
(as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors 
and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an 
investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended 
period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that 
investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the 
entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, 
will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the 
general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any 
of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the 
Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action 
against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment 
Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is 
responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is 
responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation 
of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership 
Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription 
Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any 
representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this 
Memorandum to any investor 
EFTA01396999
--- PAGE 6 ---
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or 
responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the 
(v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with 
Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. 
Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to 
the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained 
in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower 
has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information 
contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices 
hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to 
be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information 
operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may 
modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner 
the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying 
information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with 
respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each 
liability or responsibility 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such 
information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted 
Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the 
Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, 
affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests 
considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
undertakes any 
offering of Interests; 
respect to the 
in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
be amended, restated or otherwise 
or 
of them expressly disclaims any 
information or any other 
therefrom. The offering of 
Underlying Fund. Although the 
the Access Fund is not an 
Fund is different from an 
is not, and should not be 
EFTA01397000
--- PAGE 7 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iii 
EFTA01397001
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. 
Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General 
Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to 
participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) 
commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. 
the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access 
any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the 
General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in 
the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or 
otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund 
and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall 
constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights 
under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be 
contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be 
deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no 
assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is 
not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable 
results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual 
realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, 
market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit 
the power to legally bind or 
No Glendower entity has (i) 
Fund, the General Partner or 
EFTA01397002
--- PAGE 9 ---
liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, 
the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated 
herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, 
achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified 
by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as "may," "seek," "expect," "estimate," or "believe" or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are statements 
that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this 
Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions 
underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, 
as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are 
made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or 
any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future 
events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors 
could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject 
to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the 
Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by 
reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a 
significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of 
which are discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iv 
EFTA01397003
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its 
own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all 
information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely 
in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a 
summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred 
to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are 
subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement 
and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which 
should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors 
in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or 
contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement 
and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the 
offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests are offered subject to the General Partner's 
ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access 
Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and 
therein that are applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may 
be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each investor (and any employee, representative, 
or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions 
EFTA01397004
--- PAGE 11 ---
undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of, or any other 
identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in 
the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance 
information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this 
Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was 
written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters 
addressed by the written information 
and (c) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances 
from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a 
prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any, are invited to 
meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such 
representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to 
the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or 
expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any 
representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement 
Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such 
representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the 
information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, 
the date when such information is 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-v 
EFTA01397005
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General 
Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution 
of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
This Memorandum does not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or 
other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other 
commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance 
of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this 
Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in 
this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information") and not disclose any such Confidential 
Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to 
evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any 
security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and 
any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the 
confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and 
the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc 
(212) 994-7333 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vi 
EFTA01397006
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vii 
EFTA01397007
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE "NFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A 
REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(3), THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN 
THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (III) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EFTA01397008
--- PAGE 15 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-viii 
EFTA01397009
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-ix 
EFTA01397010
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION  
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS 
FUND  
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST  
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA 
CONSIDERATIONS  
I. 
II. 
III. 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-x 
EFTA01397011
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
I 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the "Access 
Fund"), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership 
(together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The 
principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment 
returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, 
special situations, turnaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets 
primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist 
private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity 
assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections 
relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, 
which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the 
limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General 
Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making 
any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that are "U.S. Persons" 
as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). If an 
Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after 
investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397012
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
II. 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should 
read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund") and the summary of 
terms and conditions of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be further amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of 
the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund 
described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, 
to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement"), and the subscription 
with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement," 
"Agreements"), copies of 
which will be provided to 
of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the 
summary and the Agreements, 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
The Investment Manager 
restated or otherwise modified from time 
agreement and the related documentation 
and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 
each prospective investor upon request. The forms 
event of a conflict between the terms of this 
EFTA01397013
--- PAGE 20 ---
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-today 
operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and full 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397014
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to 
invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
terms set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments are 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397015
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See "Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Access Fund 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund ("Interests") are being 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
("Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
"Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors ("Investors") that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that are pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of "unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors"). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and NonU.S. 
Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,008, although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,008,080, although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,008,080 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397016
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Initial and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
"Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate share of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing interest, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397017
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA01397018
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro rata share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
Term 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
for two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, "Feeder Funds") in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397019
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA01397020
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
entity, directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified NonU.S. 
Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds are expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who are "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K1 
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397021
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
Bifurcated Default 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA")) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397022
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
("Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
Access Fund Expenses 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses; liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397023
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA01397024
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397025
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA01397026
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Partner shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397027
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with 
(C) 
below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397028
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
"Access Fund Expenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397029
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA01397030
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
Indemnification 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see "— Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,008 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
EFTA01397031
--- PAGE 38 ---
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397032
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners 
information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that are U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. TaxExempt 
Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397033
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA01397034
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
Considerations 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in "benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback To the extent the Access Fund incurs any 
indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for 
its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
EFTA01397035
--- PAGE 42 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397036
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a "Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose; Underlying Fund." 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial institutions with financial information and other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397037
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Each investor must be an "accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act). 
Confidentiality 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been informed of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397038
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Investor Information 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Legal Counsel 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner, 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower, also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397039
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
III. CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed 
discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth 
in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk 
of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will 
achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the 
Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective 
affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment 
in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and 
involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully 
before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts 
not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks. The investments made by the Underlying Fund and 
indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can 
result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition 
or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and 
market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries 
in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact 
of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse 
effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and 
Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents. The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will 
receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 
2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The 
Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's 
assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a 
EFTA01397040
--- PAGE 47 ---
particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners Accordingly, the Placement 
Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with 
investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited 
Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without 
thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents 
will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As 
the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a 
conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their 
respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with 
Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described 
above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather 
than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access 
Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to 
the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement 
or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397041
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts 
of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an 
investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into 
the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than 
such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the 
capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the 
Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of 
potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the 
Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, 
including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among 
other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act 
or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or 
partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose 
the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize 
its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower 
or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost 
entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. 
Certain ongoing operating 
EFTA01397042
--- PAGE 49 ---
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses 
borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, 
Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by 
investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, 
resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact 
on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access 
Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the 
Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet 
the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397043
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to 
the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General 
Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required 
to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from 
engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each 
prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the 
capital contributions that will 
EFTA01397044
--- PAGE 51 ---
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner 
to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The 
General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if 
any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment 
opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any 
such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund 
will not participate in coinvestment 
opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the 
Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment 
opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a 
result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the 
iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for 
iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or 
may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a 
placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing 
investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect 
to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397045
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and 
compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and 
selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement 
Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such 
recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons 
of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such 
investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may 
create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these 
conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and 
procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The 
General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or 
enter into management or 
advisory agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar 
arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar 
to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and 
Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the 
Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the 
ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational 
rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying 
Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed 
Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Access Fund 
or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited 
EFTA01397046
--- PAGE 53 ---
Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with 
any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General 
Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the 
Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be 
obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are 
potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will 
have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates 
with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund. The Investment Manager will 
value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment 
Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the 
Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the 
valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the 
Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there 
is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may 
not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions 
the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer-
-potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited 
circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a 
valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, 
and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is 
subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397047
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Fidelity Relationship. The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration 
and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC 
(collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity") pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity 
for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment 
in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment 
Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. 
Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of 
registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a 
potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or 
any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital 
Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Programs. The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer 
(and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification 
programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network 
platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and 
interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational 
opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to 
subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner 
and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total 
forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with 
respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited 
EFTA01397048
--- PAGE 55 ---
Partner or otherwise, 
the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, 
including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not 
defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the 
Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan 
assets", certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be 
considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to 
avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In 
addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, 
resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such 
compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or 
to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that 
purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences 
under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company 
could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA 
controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397049
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
where the Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or 
more) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio 
company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include 
funding obligations to singleemployer 
pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer 
pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that 
the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be 
regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun 
Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held 
that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-
fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject 
to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question 
(together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the "Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of 
the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business 
characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. 
Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be 
sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or 
parallel funds are aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners 
believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, there is some risk that a court might find 
otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to 
take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability 
purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership 
interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds are not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group 
ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their 
respective affiliates or any of their 
EFTA01397050
--- PAGE 57 ---
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact 
that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered 
under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment 
in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests 
Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their 
investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their 
investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of 
years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and 
not the Limited Partners, 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be 
voted. 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an 
opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the 
Underlying Fund (and in coinvestments, 
if any, with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the 
sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment 
risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant 
portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or 
country. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
In addition, none of 
EFTA01397051
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
incurred by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse 
impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnership. Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable 
and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who 
otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise 
in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor 
than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will 
consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives 
of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to 
Limited Partners. 
Glendower, the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have 
certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not 
be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend 
the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the 
ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower, 
the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited 
Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to 
revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's 
governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise 
or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with 
one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the 
same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited 
Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the 
Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a 
EFTA01397052
--- PAGE 59 ---
"Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the 
Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) 
consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other 
matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or 
the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter 
entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited 
Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters 
with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited 
partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will 
not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any 
Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership 
Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may 
be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397053
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
sole discretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified 
Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for 
transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the 
Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are 
required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited 
Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the 
Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay 
such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right 
to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital 
contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and 
following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made 
to the limited partners for the 
purpose of funding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in 
respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to 
make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained 
amounts are reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other 
risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, the administrator and certain of their affiliates and 
representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with 
the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to 
the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and 
the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund 
EFTA01397054
--- PAGE 61 ---
any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return 
distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be 
funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made 
to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will 
not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund 
(including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations 
of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim 
will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each 
have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by 
the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to 
the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited 
Partner's Subscription, including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including 
transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and 
other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these 
expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397055
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Investors in Subsequent Closings. Investors subscribing for Interests on a 
Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the 
Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata 
share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the 
Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition 
prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to 
participate in such investment, as 
determined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as 
public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which are subject to public disclosure requirements. 
The amount of information about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent 
years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may 
be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, 
withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future 
regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the 
Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet 
uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the 
General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the 
extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the 
distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the 
total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital 
risk and higher current 
EFTA01397056
--- PAGE 63 ---
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it 
borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or 
the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure 
exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency, negligence, 
misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon 
the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire 
such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or 
inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets are pledged 
in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in 
the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to 
borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such 
banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit 
facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to 
pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying 
Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying 
Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise 
borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of 
receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397057
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting 
investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure 
sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Access 
Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the 
Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the 
General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund 
through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be 
allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the 
Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if 
they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor 
performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest 
less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that are 
not historical facts are 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or 
beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain 
information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be 
EFTA01397058
--- PAGE 65 ---
identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "seek," "should," 
"expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend," "continue," "target," "plan," or "believe," or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, 
including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking 
statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The 
Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 
of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain "bad actors" are 
involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the 
exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain 
procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a "disqualifying 
event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests 
or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but are not limited to, the General Partner, the 
Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The 
General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's 
Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be 
required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or 
more of the Access Fund's voting 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397059
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered 
Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP 
that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been 
subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such 
representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all 
of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and 
information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur 
during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements 
towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds 
industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the 
private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose 
administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without 
limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens 
and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and 
Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely 
affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the 
Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, 
the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, 
compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer 
Protection Act (the "DoddFrank 
Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that 
affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant 
to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered 
investment advisers to private funds, 
EFTA01397060
--- PAGE 67 ---
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of 
the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on 
noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries 
and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes 
that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund 
conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the "Volcker Rule," may 
affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is 
difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the 
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty 
may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment 
strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank 
Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or 
proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural 
requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed 
commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397061
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the 
European Union, Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many 
categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index 
credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time 
public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced 
documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkeeping 
requirements. 
While these changes are intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance 
transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not 
known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by 
regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and 
an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future 
exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," 
such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required 
to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin 
that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially 
greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund 
of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether 
for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts 
available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair 
liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, 
investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC 
derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator 
("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into 
hedging transactions or to obtain 
EFTA01397062
--- PAGE 69 ---
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the 
Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the 
CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of 
positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and 
The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such 
risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of 
required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, 
limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC 
derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed 
futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, 
currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options 
contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally 
required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a 
person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, 
subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
futures options contracts and swaps. 
position limits for a broad range of 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is 
additional speculative position 
EFTA01397063
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. 
Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could 
increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option 
contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk 
management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. 
These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of 
execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's 
investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves 
as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to 
the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited 
Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment 
Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the 
General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No 
independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek 
their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as "An Act to provide 
for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for 
fiscal year 2018" (the "2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of 
a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net 
interest expense, (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled 
foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 1096-owned foreign corporation, each 
of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) 
changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of 
expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in 
which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
EFTA01397064
--- PAGE 71 ---
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could 
affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the 
deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses 
and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not 
including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a 
disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. 
partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets 
would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential 
withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the 
holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may 
increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried 
interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on 
the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment 
valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a 
significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If 
so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may 
also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to 
predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access 
Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397065
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 
Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be 
furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual 
U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to, among other 
things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited 
Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or 
"dry" income. Moreover, 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a 
tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a 
return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should 
expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax 
filings and pay taxes. 
Non-U.S. Investors and ECI, U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch 
Profits Taxes. NonU.S. 
investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be 
subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all 
entities in a broadly defined 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs") to comply with a 
complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain 
U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either 
certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their 
substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on 
certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S withholding tax on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
EFTA01397066
--- PAGE 73 ---
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating 
FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders 
that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still 
reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. 
sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on 
these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying 
Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with 
the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an 
Intergovernmental Agreement (an "IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the 
automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the 
country in which such FFI is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information 
with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is 
deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the 
reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that are allocable to a Limited Partner may, in 
accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the 
extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular 
circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397067
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, 
legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of 
partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with 
respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a 
partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount 
of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective 
alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited 
year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax 
liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is 
not able to make such an 
election, then (1) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the 
aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would 
have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may 
indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as 
well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. 
Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to 
pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner 
generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of 
tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required 
to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes 
(including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access 
Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate 
the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the 
Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in 
fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA 
Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as 
a result. Many issues and 
EFTA01397068
--- PAGE 75 ---
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all 
aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. 
federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. 
federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging 
whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences 
thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
W the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
W the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax 
returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the 
Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
iy the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited 
Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its 
Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
IV the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited 
Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative 
minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397069
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
IV the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, 
loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) 
income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in 
taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner 
by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax 
returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in 
connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction 
or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. 
federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be 
determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each 
Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income 
tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in 
certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited 
Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items 
would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more 
detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397070
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income 
tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based 
upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative 
interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a 
different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and 
do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. 
federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations 
that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances 
or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial 
institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities, U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is 
not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle 
or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to 
beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This 
discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local 
jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an 
investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion 
of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could 
have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary are 
applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons 
should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a "U.S. person" generally is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (1) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or 
other entity treated as a corporation 
EFTA01397071
--- PAGE 78 ---
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the 
laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is 
subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the 
authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under 
applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an 
equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of 
the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should 
consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will 
provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize 
withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each 
prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal 
tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397072
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences 
set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial 
advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable 
state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access 
Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment 
of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or 
pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable 
income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the 
Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the 
Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any 
amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater 
amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash 
distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable 
income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law 
governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded 
partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of 
partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a 
corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to 
an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon 
EFTA01397073
--- PAGE 80 ---
liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was 
treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more 
of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends 
and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot 
assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming 
the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata 
share of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the 
Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata 
share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for 
U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397074
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis 
in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the 
Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive 
share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below 
zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the 
adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the 
amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited 
Partner's share of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to 
the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be 
taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the 
distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the 
Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income 
items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with 
respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount 
that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a 
complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial 
liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income 
or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for 
such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must 
be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the 
distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as 
defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
EFTA01397075
--- PAGE 82 ---
as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term 
should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-
recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the 
Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take 
into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that 
allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for 
tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance 
with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner 
intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can 
provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are 
successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the 
allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397076
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain 
or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory 
items (which are broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The 
difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the 
Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized 
would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the 
Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however, Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to 
be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of 
the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the 
General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets 
upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, 
nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked 
without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying 
Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax 
accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an 
election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on 
in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis 
adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in 
the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that 
Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than 
$250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in 
the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In 
lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to 
make an election to be an "electing 
EFTA01397077
--- PAGE 84 ---
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund 
could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any 
loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner 
realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the 
appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can 
be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such 
election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, 
even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate 
taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale 
expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not 
deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net 
gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is 
excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at 
ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 
163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the 
limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397078
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
For purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as 
investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited 
Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate 
Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may 
also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in 
the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax 
advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax 
situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code 
restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not 
derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal 
service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, 
losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss 
limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations. A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk 
limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access 
Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has "at risk" with respect to its 
Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be 
considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which 
the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the 
Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). 
Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and 
contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and 
distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund 
previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange 
of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the 
Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
EFTA01397079
--- PAGE 86 ---
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at 
risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the 
difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund 
were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated 
as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. 
Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that 
they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable share of deductions and 
losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 
2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to "investment interest" and 
"miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, 
such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers, subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending 
upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and 
other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees, paid by such Limited 
Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397080
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax 
basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may 
be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to 
deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate 
taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses for five 
years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tax Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the 
Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and 
fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, 
depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as 
ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will 
depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one 
hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for 
their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather 
than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of 
a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any "dealer" property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of 
interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue 
discount ("OID"), which for this 
purpose includes "payments-in-kind," or PIK, interest. In such case, the 
Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of 
such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with 
"market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be 
required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the 
period the debt obligation was 
EFTA01397081
--- PAGE 88 ---
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is 
included in income by the 
holder during the term of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt 
instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt 
instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt 
instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the 
interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the 
instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist 
of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there are a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income 
tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general, a "significant modification" of a debt obligation 
acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the 
resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification 
and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe 
harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is 
"significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could 
take the position that the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397082
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
restructuring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount 
amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access 
Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with 
complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will 
depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before 
January 1, 2026, noncorporate 
taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of 
the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified 
business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including 
investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in 
respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that 
certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is 
subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below 
under "Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. 
It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face 
financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in 
the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such 
restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and 
therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-
U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would 
cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In 
general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes 
"passive income" (generally, interest, 
EFTA01397083
--- PAGE 90 ---
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of 
assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the 
production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the 
Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that 
company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an 
election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund 
invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections 
which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited 
Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397084
--- PAGE 91 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Controlled Foreign Corporations Special rules apply to U.S. persons who 
own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting 
power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States 
Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC"). A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC 
if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting 
power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its 
Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such 
Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive share 
of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited 
Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon 
disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC 
attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be 
required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any 
Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at 
fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain 
foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United 
States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States 
Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of 
certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund 
and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the 
applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any 
profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or 
of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather 
than capital gain or loss. Further, 
EFTA01397085
--- PAGE 92 ---
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or 
obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of 
terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of 
its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any 
loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or 
gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share 
Tax-Exempt Investors. The Underlying Fund may 
entities that are treated as flowthrough 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) 
income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, 
transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax 
amounts of UBTI. A U.S. TaxExempt 
Investor's allocable share of Access 
subject to federal 
income taxation and might 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
only invest in the Access 
amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt 
may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition 
of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effectively becomes the 
which is denominated in 
that currency relative to 
foreign currency gain or 
loss rather than capital 
of such income or loss. 
(i) invest in operating 
generate unrelated debt-financed 
for example, from break-up fees or 
-Exempt Investors to incur material 
Fund income constituting UBTI would be 
be subject to state and local taxation as well. 
should 
Fund if they are willing to receive material 
Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund 
indebtedness resulting in a 
Tax-Exempt Investors. 
material portion 
EFTA01397086
--- PAGE 93 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its 
Interest, all or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI, regardless of 
whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not 
normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" are subject 
to a 100% excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further, certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax 
if the Access Fund engages in 
a "prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a "subsequently listed 
transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter 
transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special 
disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors 
are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
The Interests are being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors that are willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not 
willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund A Feeder Fund may be 
organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a 
Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat 
foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as 
foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Partner's U.S. federal income tax liability. 
Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally are considered to be from sources within the 
United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited 
Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each 
Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable 
to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or 
allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as 
creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable 
limitations on losses and 
EFTA01397087
--- PAGE 94 ---
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on 
the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner, Limited Partners are advised to consult their own tax 
advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information 
returns reporting its income, 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly 
allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing 
authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments 
resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional 
income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and 
partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund 
items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the 
Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any 
entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an 
interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit 
adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397088
--- PAGE 95 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Fund or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with 
respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year 
under audit). 
United States Tax Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-U.S. 
Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, 
either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of 
stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions 
between themselves and those nonU.S. 
corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to 
certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the 
stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited 
Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that 
fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required 
to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-
U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The 
Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner 
in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability 
of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally 
required to file certain 
information with their annual U S. federal income tax return regarding 
interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. 
If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access 
Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such 
information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or 
other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. 
Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity 
is not currently subject to FBAR 
EFTA01397089
--- PAGE 96 ---
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the 
FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with 
their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend 
income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A 
Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain 
dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. 
Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of 
the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty 
identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment 
companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated 
as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable 
on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect 
to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of 
stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 
days before the date such shares 
become ex-dividend. For preferred stock, the required periods are increased 
from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods 
totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397090
--- PAGE 97 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
preferred dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, 
the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the 
extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make 
related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access 
Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective 
shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable share of qualified 
dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to 
include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction 
discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to 
qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund 
allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-
received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the 
net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold 
amounts. For U.S. individuals, 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted 
gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing 
separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a 
sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts are urged to consult their tax 
advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may 
be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income 
taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by 
various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is 
currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold 
EFTA01397091
--- PAGE 98 ---
assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, substantial 
limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and 
local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in 
the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to, among 
other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including 
the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, 
and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with 
respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each 
Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited 
Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar 
provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund 
must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the 
foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject 
to change by Congress. In recent 
years, there have been significant changes in the Code, some of which are 
being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. 
It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397092
--- PAGE 99 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or 
interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not 
undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments No rulings have been or will be 
requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of 
the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should 
consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax 
rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a 
complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. 
Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws, including state blue 
sky laws. The Interests are offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities 
Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor 
will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary 
private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status 
as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment 
in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely 
that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or 
resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the 
Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors are hereby notified of the 
EFTA01397093
--- PAGE 100 ---
following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of 
the Interests: 
Beginning in 2011, without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin 
Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in 
dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state 
statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James 
offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to 
adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' 
ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were 
not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers 
inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible 
ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required 
under the settlement orders. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397094
--- PAGE 101 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access 
Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange 
Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand 
(2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a 
result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 
Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will 
be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in 
Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only 
to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is 
available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering 
of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of "qualified 
purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(c)(7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely 
on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund 
meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to 
prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund 
from relying on Section 
3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund 
to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (i) will qualify for an 
exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) 
under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such 
exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from 
registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment 
Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice 
to claim such exemption 
EFTA01397095
--- PAGE 102 ---
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager 
will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended 
to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such 
exemptions. If any future 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose 
any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements, 
non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the 
Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests 
that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the 
General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should 
consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response 
to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and 
other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation 
verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use 
of funds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this 
information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397096
--- PAGE 103 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Furthermore, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to 
the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access 
Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, 
its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such 
representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall 
require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the 
Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, 
territory, individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") 
website, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or 
entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent 
to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly 
derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, 
including, any applicable antimoney 
laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any 
time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines 
are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to 
implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner 
nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European 
Union's Directive 2011/61/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the 
date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative 
Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not 
applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the 
Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any 
prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a 
relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA")2, when such marketing 
is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the 
EFTA01397097
--- PAGE 104 ---
Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that 
an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other 
retirement plans which are 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the 
ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit 
plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards 
under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment 
of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the 
prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan 
fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the 
Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, 
the risk of loss and the potential 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397098
--- PAGE 105 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's 
portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow 
needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding 
objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might 
constitute or give rise to a 
"prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion 
of the assets of an individual 
retirement account ("IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not 
subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan 
that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, or of an investment 
fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or 
plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the 
Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into 
account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the 
Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a 
market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests; such trustee or other person has 
authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an 
the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the 
"2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary 
relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain 
conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the "Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated 
institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a 
sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection 
with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were 
determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that 
the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the "Sponsor") had provided "investment 
EFTA01397099
--- PAGE 106 ---
advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary to a Plan investor, the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the 
Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner 
in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department 
of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to 
fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an 
ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access 
Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access 
Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets 
will not be treated as "plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in 
ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each 
class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and 
any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit 
plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes 
of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397100
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
each class of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the 
General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance 
with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access 
Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. The 
General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in 
making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the 
assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be "plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other 
requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner 
and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to 
ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have 
improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be 
required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return ("Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be 
required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access 
Fund's service providers as 
"reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the 
extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation 
required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy 
the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as 
defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans are not subject 
to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments 
such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. 
Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund 
should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
EFTA01397101
--- PAGE 108 ---
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
* 
* 
* 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397102
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01397103
--- PAGE 110 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of 
its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any 
statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or 
information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent 
supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify 
or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures" in the 
Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to "this Memorandum" shall refer to the 
Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may 
not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to 
return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines 
not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). 
Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, 
representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without 
limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and 
tax structure, provided, however, 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) 
shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax 
structure of such transaction 
EFTA01397104
--- PAGE 111 ---
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead 
another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could 
reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide 
updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
EFTA01397105
--- PAGE 112 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of 
the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or 
expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs 
of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund 
and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or 
the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others 
(whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in 
respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process 
EFTA01397106
--- PAGE 113 ---
for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the 
Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of 
the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the 
costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise 
holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners, whether individually or in a group) attending 
meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for 
risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit 
Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and 
expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including 
administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including 
withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, 
including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental 
inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners 
will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that 
they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner 
of the Access Fund); provided, 
EFTA01397107
--- PAGE 114 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as 
determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited 
Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to 
its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses)., except as otherwise provided herein or in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including 
any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro rata share of management 
fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses 
payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by 
virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access 
Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access 
Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire 
interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund 
and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the 
respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of 
the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of 
the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners (which capital calls for 
indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from 
anycertain recalleds of Distributions (see "— Capital Calls" and "Limited 
Partner Giveback"), against 
certain expenses or losses. 
In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be 
obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be 
callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's 
EFTA01397108
--- PAGE 115 ---
obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in Limited 
Partner Giveback below. 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability 
or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund 
LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its 
capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return 
distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed 
the aggregate amount of25% 
of all distributions received by such Limited Partner (it being understood 
that additional amounts may be 
called fromfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise 
required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a 
Limited Partner would be 
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation); 
provided further that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the 18-
month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any 
proceedings or claims outstanding, the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside 
of a Limited Partner's 
Subscriptionthereof). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
EFTA01397109
--- PAGE 116 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk 
Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" 
is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
EFTA01397110
--- PAGE 117 ---
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain 
Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with 
The Access Fund may be required to repay 
creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions 
the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts 
the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. TheSubject to certain 
the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access 
distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. 
may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access 
to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk 
Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their 
any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities 
the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses 
indemnification granted under the 
the risk of loss and delay 
of the Access Fund, with the 
fair value of such securities as 
Risk Factors and Potential 
the changes as marked below: 
to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
previously received by it. In addition, 
that are 
restrictions in 
required to be withheld by 
the Partnership Agreement, 
Fund all or part of any 
all or 
affiliates 
incurred in 
and 
any portion of the Access 
Similarly, Limited Partners 
Fund is unable otherwise 
Factors and Potential 
marked below: 
General Partner, the 
representatives (including 
connection with the affairs of 
thereof) will be in addition to the 
EFTA01397111
--- PAGE 118 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations 
and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments 
of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying 
Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls 
from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. 
A Limited Partner's obligation 
to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's 
Subscription, and therefore will not be capped subject to certain exceptions 
and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any 
investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), are available to satisfy all 
liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund 
an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management 
costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions 
from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In 
addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnification 
expenses and certain other 
required payments, including transfer expenses, interest expenses in 
connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited 
partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped. 
EFTA01397112
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397113
--- PAGE 120 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397114
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
EFTA01397115
--- PAGE 122 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750,000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND"). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL 
CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE "FCA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, 
AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY 
ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT 
THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED 
IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM "TAX TREATMENT" REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM "TAX STRUCTURE" REFERS TO ANY 
FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT 
TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, 
CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
EFTA01397116
--- PAGE 123 ---
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U.S. SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE "APPENDIX 1: 
NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE 
JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN 
FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) ("PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS"). THIS 
MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY 
TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
EFTA01397117
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE 
LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR 
INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)-
(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE 
OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS 
NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS 
WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT 
IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE 
NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT 
THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY 
RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS" AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST". 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE 
RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED 
HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD 
EFTA01397118
--- PAGE 125 ---
MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND 
AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR. 
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING 
IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P., SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY 
PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION 
OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE 
RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS 
LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER 
CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS 
FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page ii 
EFTA01397119
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE "U.S. ADVISER"). ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE 
SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING 
TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY," "WILL," "SHOULD," "EXPECT," "ANTICIPATE," "PROJECT," 
"ESTIMATE," "INTEND," 
"CONTINUE" OR "BELIEVE" OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON 
OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, 
INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN 
FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST 
CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE 
FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY 
JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE 
DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
EFTA01397120
--- PAGE 127 ---
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, 
SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER") OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF 
ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION 
HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE") NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE 
INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iii 
EFTA01397121
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ("CPO"), PURSUANT 
TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(A)(3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE 
INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND 
SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS 
ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY 
INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, 
PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED 
AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT 
UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, 
PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, 
THE INTHE-MONEY 
AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING 
INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN 
THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS 
PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS 
INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
EFTA01397122
--- PAGE 129 ---
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING 
WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN 
THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT 
ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL 
STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ("MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE"). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR 
INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED 
BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ("COVERED PARTY") ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH 
BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION 
WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE 
COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR 
COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO 
COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING 
SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT 
SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iv 
EFTA01397123
--- PAGE 130 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING 
DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN 
THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL 
CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH 
RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN 
REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE 
USED, BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE 
TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A 
LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES 
ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES 
A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS 
TRUE, 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS 
THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR 
QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY, OR 
TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF 
THIS 
PARAGRAPH. 
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
EFTA01397124
--- PAGE 131 ---
PURCHASERS OF SECURITIES THAT ARE EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN 
FLORIDA. 
"DOLLARS" AND "$" REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
EFTA01397125
--- PAGE 132 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Mich 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page vi 
EFTA01397126
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive 
Summary  
Section 2: Investment 
Performance  
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms  
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP  
Section 5: Fund 
Management  
Section 6: Summary of Terms and 
Conditions  
Section 7: Risk 
Factors  
Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest  
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations  
Appendices  
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific 
Jurisdictions  
Appendix 2 Privacy 
Notice  
Appendix 3 Anti-Money 
Laundering  
 101 
Appendix 4 Key 
Definitions  
 102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance 
Information  
 108 
Appendix 6 
Directory  
 111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General 
EFTA01397127
--- PAGE 134 ---
Partner  
 112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397128
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397129
--- PAGE 136 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397130
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, 
LLP ("Glendower Capital", "Glendower" or the "Manager"), an independent 
investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by 
the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of 
generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through 
the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (i) the 
acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, 
feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary" and, 
together, "Fund Secondaries"), (ii) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a 
"GP-led Secondary" and, together, "GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a "Single Asset Deal"). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-
Biroli and Charles Smith (the "Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment 
professionals. As described in "History" 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised 
outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed 
by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower, co-
founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the "SOF Business") in 2006 
after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion 
proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.1 Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and 
Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were part of the team initially assembled by the Managing 
EFTA01397131
--- PAGE 138 ---
Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of 
Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to 
become the "SOF Team" and, on and from August 1, 
2017, the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led 
the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III (collectively the 
"SOF Funds" or the "SOF Program") with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically: 
\Z SOF,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and 
held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
)Z SOF D,4 a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 
million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it. 
References to the "Glendower SOF Team" may also include investment 
professionals and other personnel that are subsequently hired by the 
Manager. 
SOF is a pool of capital dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 
2007, which was structured through three separate investment vehicles, DB 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P. ("SOF A"), DB Secondary Opportunities 
Fund B, L.P. ("SOF B") and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
("SOF C"), collectively "SOF". 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. ("SOF D") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 2010. SOF D is a Euro 
denominated fund. US$ values have been converted to Euros at the September 
30, 2017 rate of 1.1822. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397132
--- PAGE 139 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z SOF II,5 the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a 
final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
\Z SOF III,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 
with a US$1,654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations 
professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at 
Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, 
inter alia, Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their 
remaining term. Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice 
and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to 
the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the 
portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in 
relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance Information) any 
track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised 
prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the 
track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard 
to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not joined Glendower Capital were 
involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in 
respect of the investments made 
by the SOF Funds.7 
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to 
transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and 
valuations. 
\Z Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier 
cash distributions. 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment 
of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years), strategy, industry and 
EFTA01397133
--- PAGE 140 ---
geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to 
an institutionalized market where US$58 
billion8 was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including 
pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and 
family offices. 
\Z With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment 
(commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand 
balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9 
)Z Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of 
Fair Market Value ("FMV") since 201010 
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record 
secondary transaction volumes.11 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP ("SOF II") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first closing in 2011. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP ("SOF III") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first and final closing in 
2014. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF 
D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report, Bain & Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397134
--- PAGE 141 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target 
area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the 
market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tailend 
funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset 
liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment 
strategyl3 pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management14) in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is 
built around five main pillars: 
)Z A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million 
Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF 
Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017, the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an 
average deal size of US$40 million. 
\Z Pursuing a selective, true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth 
fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs 
larger levered beta players, the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3,000 potential deals since 2007 valued at 
around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
)Z Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing 
mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 
350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of 
purchase.15 
)Z Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has 
historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and limited at portfolio level, (ii) systematically 
implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (iii) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios 
across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries 
and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Deals16 adjusting to focus on the former during market 
corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a 
broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar structures), 
portfolios of direct private equity assets, and coinvestments 
EFTA01397135
--- PAGE 142 ---
in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower 
SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
.>Z Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's 
relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors17 and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.18 
\Z Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address 
their objectives, which often include nonmonetary 
factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of 
execution. 
.>Z Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF 
Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary 
funds. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Represents % of aggregate invested capital in the SOF Funds as of 
September 30, 2017. Past portfolio construction of the SOF Funds is not a 
prediction of the Fund's portfolio construction. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397136
--- PAGE 143 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Established track recordl9, 20 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance 
with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) 
and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to 
investors. More specifically: 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile 
performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group, with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI 
and 22% Net IRR. 
t SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top 
decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
)Z SOF II (2011, US$614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top 
quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
.>Z SOF III (2014, US$1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment 
period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI, 
0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
\Z Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
• Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub-delegated manager to the SOF 
Funds, generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital. 
\Z Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years2l before 
spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
)Z London and New York offices with established operational, integrated, 
self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
)Z Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 
12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
\Z Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion 
in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22 
Unique sell-side experience, having participated in the restructuring of 
Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.23 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
\Z Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after 
all fees, expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. This information reflects a comparison of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only. SOF Funds' 
performance may differ when compared to other benchmark data. 
EFTA01397137
--- PAGE 144 ---
Performance of the SOF Funds is not included in the data set used to 
calculate the benchmark data. Please refer to Section 2, Exhibit 2 for 
further 
information. 
The performance figures have not been audited and are based on the 
unaudited aggregated performance results of SOF, SOF D and SOF II and SOF 
III, collectively the SOF Funds, as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information which sets forth, amongst other things, important information 
regarding the performance described above. Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of subscription line facilities. 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF IV is expected to use) such facilities to manage 
capital drawdowns, as described in "Drawdowns and use of 
subscription line facilities" in Section 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds' 
performance data is not expected to be representative of the investment 
returns that will be experienced by investors in the Fund. Gross returns are 
gross of fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the 
investment level. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of their future performance 
or that of the Fund. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have 
worked together since 2003. Adam Graev became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397138
--- PAGE 145 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund 
Sponsors.25 
\Z Conducts a rigorous value driven, asset-by-asset, bottom-up analysis 
focused on: 
— Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company26 
— Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
\Z Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of 
interest between the Fund Sponsor and its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable, attractive assets 
with reasonable leverage and attractive "see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the 
investors in the Fund: 
.>Z The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 
1.0% of the Fund. 
.>Z The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to 
receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
.>Z The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals 
from Glendower Capital. 
\Z Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV, or any 
future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly, Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried 
interest or general partner's share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential 
conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest, which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information 
To the extent that such information is available. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
•
EFTA01397139
--- PAGE 146 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397140
--- PAGE 147 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to 
investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance 
of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, 
compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28 
Through September 30, 2017, the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 
transactions resulting in distributions 
of over US$1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net 
IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and 
over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 201730, 31, 32, 33 
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.0x 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
EFTA01397141
--- PAGE 148 ---
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
For discussion purposes only Source: Glendower Capital based on Preqin 
benchmark data for the median TVPI and Net IRR achieved by buyout 
funds for vintages of 1997 to 2017. Average buyout TVPI = 1.59x; Average Net 
IRR = 15.5%. Data as of September 30, 2017. For further 
benchmarking of Glendower Capital to buyout returns, please refer to Exhibit 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
"Invested" is defined as the sum of the purchase price and remaining 
unfunded obligation as of the time of closing, or time of expected closing 
for 
pending deals. 
The performance figures have not been audited and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance Information 
which sets forth, amongst other things, important information regarding the 
performance described above. The SOF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be representative of the investment returns that will be 
EFTA01397142
--- PAGE 149 ---
experienced by investors in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds is 
not a 
prediction of future performance. Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the 
DaVinci Portfolio — a well diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds 
purchased through an SPV, providing exposure to buyout, special situations, 
venture capital and real estate strategies in North America, Europe and 
Asia. The number of funds and companies is an estimate and shows the 
aggregate of each deal at closing and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ valued have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397143
--- PAGE 150 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). 
The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund 
Benchmark34, 35, 36, 37 
In Exhibit 3, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of 
September 30, 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage 
year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile38 
TVPI37 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.Ox 
SOF II 
SOF 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
15% 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
20% 
SOF II 
2.Ox 
SOF 
25% 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
EFTA01397144
--- PAGE 151 ---
DPI37 
2.5x 
Net IRR37 
35% 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
vintage year peer group. SOF and SOF D performance is not included in the 
data set used to calculate the benchmark data. Note that the performance 
figures in respect of SOF and SOF D have not been audited and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information. Past performance of SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance. 
Information presented in Exhibit 2 is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team. There can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & 
SOF III performance against one benchmark only. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II, SOF III or 
any other Glendower funds and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will 
achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved, but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team. 
Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction and should be read and reviewed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5: 
Important Performance Information which sets forth, amongst other things, 
important information regarding the performance 
described above. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397145
--- PAGE 152 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF, SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and 
invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital, Net IRR, TVPI and 
DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. 
Net IRR, initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be 
returned in around 24 quarters, or 6 years. 
Lastly, TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.85x range by the time funds 
are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the 
Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39 
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance40 
Past performance is not a prediction of future performance and therefore 
there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Size, Net IRR Development, TVPI (Total 
Value to Paid in Capital), DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital), as of 
September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based on the 
unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
Appendix 5: Important Performance Information which sets forth, among 
other things, important information regarding the performance information 
described in Exhibit 4. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns 
and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. Performance information on 
SOF D has not been included on this slide because SOF D is a single 
transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to underwrite pari-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF. Glendower does not expect that similar transactions 
will be available to SOF IV. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397146
--- PAGE 153 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market 
indexes including the MCSI World Index, Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all 
cases, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets4l 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
MCSI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare 
a Glendower investor's performance, but rather is disclosed solely to 
allow for comparison to that of certain well-known and widely recognized 
EFTA01397147
--- PAGE 154 ---
indices. Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate 
the PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same 
date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the 
total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in the 
index 
and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been 
treated using the "all in method". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Net IRR 
EFTA01397148
--- PAGE 155 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397149
--- PAGE 156 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in 
the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8, 
respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of 
Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Fund Name 
Investment Strategy 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in 
the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition of a diverse 
portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1.75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
Manager 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the 
FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to 
provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the 
Fund. 
Term 
Investment Period 
Target First Closing 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take 
place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share The General Partner will receive from the Fund an 
annual profit share as follows: 
(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments; 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
EFTA01397150
--- PAGE 157 ---
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit 
share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Carried Interest 
Clawback 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2.5 million. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397151
--- PAGE 158 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397152
--- PAGE 159 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
SOF IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor fund to 
the SOF Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the SOF Funds in the secondary market and will follow 
processes established by the Glendower 
SOF Team in the SOF Program.42 
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has 
generated strong returns in the SOF Funds to date,43 
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse 
portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and 
distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
1. Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
2. GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP 
tenders; and 
3. Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at 
the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies 
depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During 
the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their 
relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of US$5 million to US$100 
million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the 
opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the 
Manager's view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, 
focusing on funds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' 
or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager 
believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range — most 
Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the 
EFTA01397153
--- PAGE 160 ---
Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a 
situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above, the Fund will have the 
ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to 
invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net 
IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis.44 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team was able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Past performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance of either the SOF Funds or the Fund. Actual returns on unrealized 
investments may differ materially from returns indicated herein. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397154
--- PAGE 161 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow 
and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives, which often include non-monetary factors such as 
confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and 
referral sources amongst fund investors, 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement 
agents, investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source 
proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to 
achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best 
investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of 
sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
\Z The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of 
assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%, Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 
4%.45 
\Z Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by 
value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.46 
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors, such as 
confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to 
sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing 
transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non -
monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. 
A wide funnel and a narrow filter.47 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
EFTA01397155
--- PAGE 162 ---
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of March 19, 
2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397156
--- PAGE 163 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important 
element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary 
investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investor's 
investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
\Z Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward 
profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors48 
In '000 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitgate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate 
3-Curve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash 
flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure 
across vintage, strategy, industry and geography. 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetic 
al timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
EFTA01397157
--- PAGE 164 ---
Timeframe of secondary investment 
11 
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the 
potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
\Z Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect 
current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market 
dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
\Z Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to 
analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
\Z Mitigation of 3-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn 
down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the 3-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of 
funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures — are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 
to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors 
receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. An investor in such a structure that 
requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the 
interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving 
regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led 
Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
This information is for discussion purposes. The graph is an example for 
illustrative purposes and the actual cash flow profile of any given 
investment 
may vary substantially. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397158
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA01397159
--- PAGE 166 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically 
over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners 
alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was 
typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity 
funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders, GP recapitalizations and 
structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time, the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 
trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled 
the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently 
transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.50 
Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and 
(ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that 
many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP-led Secondaries and active 
portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in 
this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and 
future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued 
prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented 
the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market 
for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) 
tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 
billion51 in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of 
supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 — 201752 
US$bn 
6x 
EFTA01397160
--- PAGE 167 ---
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
GP-led Secondary 
2012 
2013 
Fund Secondary 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more 
investors have entered the asset class, existing 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger 
commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM 
in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions Discussion Materials, May 
2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to Secondary Market, June 
2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397161
--- PAGE 168 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. 
The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key 
drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion53 
US$bn 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
2x 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PE54 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when 
evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 
93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that 
younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized 
assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than funds of more recent vintages whose assets 
still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively 
by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds, and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals 
EFTA01397162
--- PAGE 169 ---
without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived "out-of-favor" 
funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset 
selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller, may result in the ability to generate 
stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an 
auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity 
index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing 
captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The 
aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a 
number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,-
and does not factor in transaction structuring, 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, 
June 2017. 
Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018 
Private equity funds typically report information to their investors, 
including the net asset value of their investment, on a quarterly basis. 
Secondary 
market transactions are typically priced with reference to the net asset 
value of an LP interest as of a specific reporting date, the "Record Date". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397163
--- PAGE 170 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing — which 
taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)57 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low 
volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the 
secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to 
reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were very low because the high discount (to already low 
net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain 
amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, 
resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary Market Update, March 
2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397164
--- PAGE 171 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply / demand is balanced 
with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. 
US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower 
believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current 
market volumes, a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capital supply58 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced59 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Buyout 
Secondaries 
3.7x 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
2.2x 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary 
market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires 
to 
modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very 
EFTA01397165
--- PAGE 172 ---
disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 19660 of total transaction volume by 
value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional 
category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated 
in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now 
represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private 
equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and 
pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) 
public pensions, and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage 
vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report, Bain & 
Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 and Greenhill Cogent Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Deal flow information represents the aggregate deal flow by value 
reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1, 2006 and September 
30, 2017. Historical deal flow characteristics do not provide a prediction 
of future deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal 
flow 
will be comparable to historic deal flow. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397166
--- PAGE 173 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdown6l 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage58 
100% 
20% 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
80% 
60% 
58% 
40% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
0% 
2016 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
2017 
20% 
22% 
18% 
<2006 Pre-crisis 
43% 
2006-08 Pre-crisis 
39% 
>2008 Post-crisis 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-
of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not 
new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older 
vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs, or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant 
supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. US$600 billion of private equity assets 
still locked in 2003-2008 vintage funds. 
EFTA01397167
--- PAGE 174 ---
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Year62 
US$bn 
US$600 billion 
250 
226 
200 
201 
186 
150 
149 
137 
100 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Crisis 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Post Crisis 
2015 
2016 
129 
144 
193 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report — Private 
Equity and Venture Capital Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397168
--- PAGE 175 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing 
approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and 
restructurings, tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated 
the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the 
real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)65 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
7.1 
15% 
9.0 
20% 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 
2007 
2008 
EFTA01397169
--- PAGE 176 ---
2009 
GP-led secondaries 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of 
underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
t The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years 
resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity 
assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, 
which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
A greater and growing number of high-quality managers are now utilizing 
the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional 
capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
t Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led 
liquidity offerings and restructurings. Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2017. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, 
January 2018 and Evercore H1 2017 Secondary Market Survey Results. 
2017 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1.1 
1.9 
5% 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397170
--- PAGE 177 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
curiosities, Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown 
to be an important aspect of the market, 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the 
future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve 
liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities, Glendower has 
not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have 
noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. 
Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open 
communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a 
set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that 
characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large 
fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, 
value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment 
with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling 
rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that 
have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-led Secondaries 
with "Top Quartile" GPs66 
Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397171
--- PAGE 178 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary 
opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 
Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment 
strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which 
the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between US$1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager 
believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build 
diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below US$1 billion are forced to compete in the very 
competitive market for small fund interests, and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a 
fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than US$3 billion 
inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in 
generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its 
Strategy68 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market 
indexing 
• Global sourcing 
• Volume-driven 
3,000 
• 
M 
Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Global sourcing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
SOF II 
S 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF I 
>50 players 
100 
EFTA01397172
--- PAGE 179 ---
1996 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
Fund Vintages 
<$1bn 
$1-3bn 
>$3bn 
Glendower Capital 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
SOF III 
SOF IV 
—10 players 
10,000 
—10 players 
Sourcing strategies 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to 
sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have 
historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to 
actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, 
but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed 
towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be 
ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. 
These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, 
infrastructure, mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, 
together with its target deal size of under US$100 
Source: Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Source: Preqin database and Glendower Capital's own analysis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397173
--- PAGE 180 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through 
the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 
15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the 
portfolio — focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary 
pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this, some secondaries funds target interests in Fund 
Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these 
interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund 
interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the 
underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool 
risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment 
process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
origination 
and sourcing 
fi Top down 
identification of 
attractive assets 
fF Focus on key 
seller verticals 
fi Proactive calling 
efforts 
fr Logging of all 
potential deals into 
pipeline 
Screening 
and due 
diligence 
ff, Weekly review of 
pipeline 
fi Staffing and 
prioritisation 
fF Detailed bottomup 
EFTA01397174
--- PAGE 181 ---
due diligence 
fr Transaction 
negotiation and 
structuring 
Investment 
decision & 
closing 
fr Approval by 
Investment 
Committee 
ff Final negotiations 
ff Signing of 
transaction 
ff GP consent / other 
closing conditions 
ff FX hedging 
fr Closing 
Monitoring 
and risk 
mgmt 
fr Review of 
realisations and 
updates on 
performance at 
weekly meeting 
fr Ongoing 
evaluation of sale 
opportunities 
fr Formal quarterly 
valuation and 
performance 
review 
Investment 
realisation 
fr Review cashflows 
from underlying 
funds 
fr Evaluate and 
execute 
realisations where 
we have discretion 
fr Pipeline 
fr Valuation model 
fr IC memo 
fr PSA and 
subscription 
documents 
fr Valuation memo 
fr Quarterly review 
fr IC memo 
fr Sale documents 
EFTA01397175
--- PAGE 182 ---
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally 
competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships, which includes 
financial sponsors, Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity 
funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database 
listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Output 
Activities 
Step 
EFTA01397176
--- PAGE 183 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively 
source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and 
approach utilizes the following principles: 
\Z Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
\Z Focus on quality assets. 
\Z Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing, or is 
expected to distribute, carried interest. 
\Z Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
\Z Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a 
rigorous and disciplined value-focused, 
bottom-up due diligence69 
approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality 
investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous, value-focused bottom-up due 
diligence focused on: 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company. 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
\Z Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
\Z Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as 
well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-
investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team 
will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key 
terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund 
Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include 
deciding, on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full 
due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment. 
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the 
Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This 
process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing 
negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via 
EFTA01397177
--- PAGE 184 ---
intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the 
portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the 
Manager to be appropriate, the Glendower SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including, for example, utilizing 
selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
To the extent information is available from the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397178
--- PAGE 185 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team 
members who completed the investment. 
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore 
believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the 
investment under-performs as against its business 
plan. 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower 
SOF Team will: 
.>Z Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in 
conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them.70 
\Z Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on 
the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether 
there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary 
and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary 
actions, steps or remedial processes. 
Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting 
and investor report. 
Z Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
— weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor 
the Fund's portfolio, review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash 
activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add 
value to an investment or exit an 
investment. 
— quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly 
valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the 
portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
\Z Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as 
investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the 
marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments 
in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-
led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set 
EFTA01397179
--- PAGE 186 ---
forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence 
process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and 
presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of 
information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed divestment. 
The extent of the Glendower SOF Team's interaction with Fund Sponsors, 
including by attending partnership meetings, will depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397180
--- PAGE 187 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397181
--- PAGE 188 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397182
--- PAGE 189 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its 
partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from 
Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has 
worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by 
Carlo and Charles in 2006, has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 billion 
of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York, with a 23-
strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 
years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, 
portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated 
manner when it was established in 2006.71 
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of 
relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of 
Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Brief biographies of 
the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. 
Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility 
as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated 
to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonti,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with 
Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on 
investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in 
respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. The Investment Committee, in addition to 
other matters, will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target 
EFTA01397183
--- PAGE 190 ---
investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments, and (iv) advise on the investment 
strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, 
Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the 
Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with 
decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Francesco Rigamonti will act as a senior advisor to Glendower Capital and 
is not a partner, officer or employee of Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397184
--- PAGE 191 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
From time to time, and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional 
persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 
2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's € 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 
to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary 
funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank, Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds; 
an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as 
a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil 
engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and 
an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome, Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer. Based in 
London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the 
restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
€6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a 
Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from 
Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary 
private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before 
then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture, growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
EFTA01397185
--- PAGE 192 ---
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial 
analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London, Chi is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 
2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the 
implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously, Chi 
completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London, Emilio is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe, the Middle East 
and Asia. Prior to Glendower, Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA, where he spent over five years focusing on 
secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a 
Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at 
Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, 
Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations 
(across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397186
--- PAGE 193 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. 
Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She 
is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche 
Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists, Alternatives (Americas), responsible for 
managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor 
relations for Paul Capital, serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum 
Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking 
at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor, 
Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamonti (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan, Francesco works 
with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible 
for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he 
worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, 
Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level 
professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the 
origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations, finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 
eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice 
President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
EFTA01397187
--- PAGE 194 ---
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a 
MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO Based in New York, Katie is the 
Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the 
SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, 
Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. She began her 
career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loidl (32), Vice President. Based in London, Victoria is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria 
graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London, Devrup is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 
five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF 
Business. From 2008 to 2012, Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated 
from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance, 
summa cum laude, from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is 
currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397188
--- PAGE 195 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Ferneini (34), Vice President. Based in London, Philippe is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining 
Glendower Capital, Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in 
the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School 
(Diplome d'Ingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smirnova (31), Vice President 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on 
origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets 
business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration 
with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President — Finance. Based in London, Louise is 
responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for 
in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management 
Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance, a 
with the SOF team previously from 2011 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom 
(lions) in Accounting Sciences in 2003, 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
transaction team in valuing, executing and 
of Business and a Master of Engineering 
. Based in London, Elena is responsible 
the management company structure and 
functions for the platform. Prior to 
registered charity. Louise worked 
to 
EFTA01397189
--- PAGE 196 ---
monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. Jonathan graduated 
from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, 
having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and 
spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports 
the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring 
of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from 
Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction 
team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior 
to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheldon holds a MSc in 
Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale 
Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team 
members will be recruited over the coming six 
months: Investment Team Associate, London; Tax Vice President, New York; and 
a Fund Controller Associate, New 
York. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397190
--- PAGE 197 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397191
--- PAGE 198 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an 
investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. To the extent that 
there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will 
prevail. 
******** 
The Fund 
Investment Objective 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private 
fund limited 
partnership. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed 
opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target 
globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established 
generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and 
other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, 
a "Fund 
Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity 
fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke 
liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) co 
investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-
investment, a 
"Single Asset Deal"). Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset 
Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects 
that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at 
least four years. 
The General Partner 
EFTA01397192
--- PAGE 199 ---
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company, will serve as a general partner of 
the Fund (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint 
the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (the 
"Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in 
accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the 
business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
"Manager") is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under 
the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the "AIFMD") and its 
implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management 
and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and 
negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and 
advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and 
disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AIFM" (as defined in the AIFMD) and will 
assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion 
of the General 
Partner and the Second GP, will take all actions in respect of the Fund that 
constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will 
satisfy from the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397193
--- PAGE 200 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
("Glendower U.S."), to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment 
management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-
advisory 
agreement. 
Commitments 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ("Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion, although the General Partner may accept aggregate 
Commitments less than, 
or in excess of, this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not 
exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest, a prospective Limited Partner must 
execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to 
satisfy its "customer 
due diligence" obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a 
subscription for an 
Interest. 
Minimum Commitment The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund 
(collectively, the "Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP, the 
"Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser 
amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 
0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the 
Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an "Advance"). 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and 
Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the "Team Investment") indirectly through the Special 
Limited Partner (as 
defined below). The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the 
aggregate 
Commitments. 
Closings 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the "First 
Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more 
EFTA01397194
--- PAGE 201 ---
additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First 
Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 
months after the 
First Closing (the "Final Admission Date"), provided that, if on the 15 
month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel 
Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date 
shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 
billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of 
the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each 
a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner") generally will participate in the investments, if any, 
made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally 
contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the 
Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at 
the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date 
of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to 
take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Drawdowns 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to 
pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, 
generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397195
--- PAGE 202 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, 
and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following 
occurs (the 
"Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period 
following a key 
person event (as described below)) After the end of the Investment Period, 
the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to 
make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment, (b) complete investments that were 
in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (c) fund follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate 
amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down 
Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's 
Share. 
Reinvestment 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be 
drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment 
received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but 
only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment; (ii) following 
the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in "Investment 
Period" above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for 
the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals; and (iii) 
distributions made 
EFTA01397196
--- PAGE 203 ---
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of 
the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund 
expenses. 
Key Person Event 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the "Key 
Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified 
replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key 
Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles 
Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially 
all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as 
defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary 
Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the "Permitted 
Activities"). The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 664j% 
in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified 
replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being 
suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be 
automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially 
all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the 
Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66ges in interest of 
the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances 
described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Diversification 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) 
no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397197
--- PAGE 204 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund 
Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary, (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base 
invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a 
primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been 
drawn down, 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested 
in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
"Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, 
an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate 
Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an 
amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing 
of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be 
outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the 
Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The 
Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from 
investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in 
portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for 
such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging 
arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings 
including its 
EFTA01397198
--- PAGE 205 ---
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be 
incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured 
by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
Hedging 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, 
interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of 
derivative transactions, 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit 
share (the "General 
Partner's Share"). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share 
quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other 
proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and 
each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable 
Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b) the commitment (or 
equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor; 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the 
Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn 
down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested 
in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an 
investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397199
--- PAGE 206 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund's "Invested Capital"); and 
(iii) for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term 
(including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share 
attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately 
preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), 
and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to 
each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the 
Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be 
equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its 
commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General 
Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 
"Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees." 
"Applicable Points" means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment 
(or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than 
US$50 million, zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or 
more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$100 million 
or more but less than US$150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis 
points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
"Legacy Investor" means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct 
commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing 
or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment 
to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the 
Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following 
EFTA01397200
--- PAGE 207 ---
Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, 
distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with 
respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such 
portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each 
Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time; 
(ii) Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal 
rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third, 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the "Special 
Limited Partner") 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner, 
12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the 
Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over (ii) the Advances of such 
Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited 
Partner. 
"Carried Interest" means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited 
Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of the Fund will be made in cash or 
marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397201
--- PAGE 208 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted 
securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the 
Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the 
manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will 
not be subject to 
Carried Interest. 
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required 
to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent 
that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as 
Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions" above) applied on an aggregate basis 
covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited 
Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received 
by the Special 
Limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of 
the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an 
aggregate amount 
not to exceed US$2,500,000, plus amounts in respect of applicable value 
added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees, 
will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the 
General 
Partner's Share. 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all 
normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund, 
including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in 
connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including 
EFTA01397202
--- PAGE 209 ---
without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase, structuring, holding and 
sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed); expenses incurred in connection 
with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of 
accountants, counsel, 
administrators, depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax 
filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting; 
litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will 
be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment 
opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any 
broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal 
expenses; provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-
up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
Transaction, Break-Up 
and Other Fees 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates 
may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees, 
advisory fees, break-up 
fees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the 
members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any 
related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the 
Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be 
applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated 
among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by 
each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if 
necessary. 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three 
voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the "Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member 
of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an 
investor in any 
EFTA01397203
--- PAGE 210 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397204
--- PAGE 211 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor 
affiliated with the 
General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel 
Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to 
appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as 
the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at 
least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, 
the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult 
conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will 
members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 66?1% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the 
General Partner, 
the Second GP, Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital, 
LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar 
investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed 
or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of 
the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its 
Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple 
objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund 
opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Subject to the "Successor 
and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment 
Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, 
of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and 
or before the Final Admission Date at 
with the Manager as to potential 
reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee 
third party investor funds with investment 
but are dedicated to pursuing investment 
or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund"). 
Funds" restrictions described above, the Manager 
vehicles, including Complementary 
the "Investment Platforms"), some 
investment committee members with 
EFTA01397205
--- PAGE 212 ---
those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the 
Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with 
its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable 
investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, 
regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their 
Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require, 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the 
Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a 
Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance 
with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited 
quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year 
only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. Limited Partners will also receive 
such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes 
to leverage, 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the 
opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment 
activities and 
portfolio. 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports 
regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an 
amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" 
below for 
inter alia, the prior written 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397206
--- PAGE 213 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
Alternative Vehicles 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in 
its sole 
discretion. 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct 
the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more 
alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle") if, in the judgment of the 
Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and 
would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Alternative Vehicle 
generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund 
(except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will 
be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses 
of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of 
determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General 
Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination 
that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
Parallel Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds 
(each a 
"Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. Any 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially 
similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an 
affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds 
which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate 
the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors 
in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant 
Parallel Fund, as the 
EFTA01397207
--- PAGE 214 ---
case may be. 
Side Letters 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or 
vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more 
Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for 
example, reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or 
altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a "Side 
Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the 
terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient 
than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic 
arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of 
particular investments, 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund, (iv) transfer to affiliates, (v) co-
investment opportunities, 
(vi) withdrawal events, (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution 
processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling 
a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election 
to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's 
pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future 
investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's 
investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely 
with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or 
transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) 
notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. Any additional rights 
established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter 
with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a 
Commitment equal to 
EFTA01397208
--- PAGE 215 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397209
--- PAGE 216 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side 
Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final 
Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective 
affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, 
members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a "Covered Person") will be liable to the 
Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund, except for 
(i) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross 
negligence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) 
any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any 
misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information, advice, 
materials, documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as 
approved 
by, the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material 
adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs 
and expenses, including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or 
become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating 
to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, except to the extent that such claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence, fraud, 
willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited 
Partners where 
EFTA01397210
--- PAGE 217 ---
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the 
General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The 
Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second 
anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 66% in interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of 
the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount 
equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar 
quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or 
investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in 
interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment 
would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the 
Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time 
following any 
material amendments 
Default 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make 
Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, 
including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the 
defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%, and (ii) 8%. 
Term 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject 
to the term being 
EFTA01397211
--- PAGE 218 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397212
--- PAGE 219 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year 
each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager, with the consent of the Fund Advisory 
Committee, for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and 
should not, 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor 
its own share of 
income, gain, losses, deductions and 
The Manager intends that the Fund be 
federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund 
federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S tax 
computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable 
deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether 
by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to 
incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute 
such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. 
As a result, 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. Prospective 
investors, in particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt investors, 
are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax 
consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment in the Fund. 
ERISA Considerations Investment in the Fund is generally open to 
institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs 
and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan 
investors" (within the meaning 
will be liable for tax on 
tax credits of the Fund. 
treated as a partnership for U.S. 
generally will not be subject to U.S. 
will be required to include in 
share of the items of income, gain, loss, 
and to what extent distributions are made 
EFTA01397213
--- PAGE 220 ---
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to 
less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult its own 
advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts 
of interest. 
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks 
and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the 
General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners 
as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & 
Young 
LLP. 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the 
Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to 
any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397214
--- PAGE 221 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited, an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will 
be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior 
to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's 
depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397215
--- PAGE 222 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397216
--- PAGE 223 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397217
--- PAGE 224 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should 
be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and 
the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their 
investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their 
own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Part A — Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity 
to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of 
the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of 
such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to 
the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be 
possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, 
legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically 
provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds, and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due 
diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, 
because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private 
equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries 
may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common 
investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the 
portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may, among other 
things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that 
underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund 
EFTA01397218
--- PAGE 225 ---
in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may fail to 
meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other 
Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven 
investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such 
management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each 
underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-
to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397219
--- PAGE 226 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio 
companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse 
financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or 
deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct 
or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a 
substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have 
experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new 
developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase 
and sale price of assets, and accordingly, 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or 
dispose of investments, the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such 
investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities 
of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely 
to be particularly risky, they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, 
payments to the underlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the 
Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a 
preferential payment. 
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early 
stage venture capital investments, which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of 
investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven 
technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. These companies often face intense 
competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical 
resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified personnel. To the extent there is a public 
market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The 
indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative 
EFTA01397220
--- PAGE 227 ---
and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments There can be no 
assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (if any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying 
funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore 
impact the valuation analysis of the Fund. 
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, 
will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly 
illiquid compared to other asset classes, and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the 
investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although 
there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for 
secondaries. Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The 
Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in 
portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such 
interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397221
--- PAGE 228 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be 
able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-
related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and 
real estate-related assets are subject to various 
risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic 
conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes 
in the availability or terms of financing, changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating 
expenses, environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, 
energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to 
acquire properties, risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of 
certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes 
or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose 
management and/or administrative costs, 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to 
the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to 
invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those 
underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in 
secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondaries 
transaction, such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest More specifically, 
where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund 
recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are 
attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund 
While the Fund may, in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, 
there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
EFTA01397222
--- PAGE 229 ---
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly 
independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying 
funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whole they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and 
expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on 
the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive 
incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying 
funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect 
offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will 
invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse 
against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management 
or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by 
reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397223
--- PAGE 230 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will 
generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into 
side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full 
prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Fund's term or otherwise. Although 
the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may 
have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B — Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty 
of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-
term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid, and there can be no assurance 
that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such 
investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund 
will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities 
Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that 
complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest 
generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject 
of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. 
only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a 
poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The 
performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by 
the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who 
have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is 
no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the 
to the greatest risk 
Since the Fund may 
high degree of risk, 
EFTA01397224
--- PAGE 231 ---
transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of 
the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms 
and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently, Investors 
should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of 
the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to 
Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of 
the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal 
rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the 
performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of 
dispositions, including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant 
uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the 
actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be 
valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397225
--- PAGE 232 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the 
control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns 
will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially 
affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may, directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are 
believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There 
can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the 
Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, 
borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection 
with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with 
borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the 
case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio 
held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to 
perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any 
such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and 
principal payments on the Fund's borrowings, 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of 
cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has 
deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or 
secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from 
drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn 
capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on 
subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched" together into larger, less 
EFTA01397226
--- PAGE 233 ---
frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money 
from such credit facilities. Any such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short-term in nature. 
The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net 
multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the 
preferred return, which will begin accruing when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or 
interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of 
accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carried interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return 
that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to 
borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. As a general matter, use of borrowings in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the 
Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of 
the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance 
data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current 
position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397227
--- PAGE 234 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as 
representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has 
not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AIMR) standards. No 
assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. 
Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns 
which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund 
depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the 
Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment 
opportunities against other investors, including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or 
the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial 
and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund, (ii) may make competing offers for investment 
opportunities that are identified by the Fund, 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by 
the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities 
available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be 
unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to 
acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that 
they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance 
that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to 
invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return 
objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not 
be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment 
objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of 
the Fund, including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and 
obligations of the Fund, Investors must rely 
EFTA01397228
--- PAGE 235 ---
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements, 
the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise, conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and 
expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance 
that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) 
throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the 
Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to 
discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Funds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful 
operation, and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive 
experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. 
Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's 
investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in "History" in Section 1: Executive Summary of this 
Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397229
--- PAGE 236 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at 
Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the 
SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser 
were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution, and, in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or 
otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. 
Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid 
investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political 
and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability 
of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will 
be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a 
lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly illiquid 
investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make 
distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in 
the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there 
is not a readily available public market, 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions 
or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and failure to 
do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation 
forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be 
unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when 
due. As a result, the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely 
affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been 
EFTA01397230
--- PAGE 237 ---
invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be 
reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments 
including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations 
under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund 
to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an 
Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investor's 
undrawn commitment to the Fund), during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment 
Period. 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection 
of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and 
other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment 
and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. 
No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or 
that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397231
--- PAGE 238 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. 
The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of 
private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables, and limited sources of useful 
valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore 
may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations 
will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be 
realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the 
amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation 
uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not, register as an investment company 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), and, accordingly, the 
provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority 
of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the 
securities of any other person and marked to clearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and 
regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional or 
unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local 
source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its 
subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable 
presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests, there is a risk that the 
relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any 
of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or 
EFTA01397232
--- PAGE 239 ---
such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD") 
together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as 
base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS 
with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating 
a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the BEPS project it is anticipated that new rules 
dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed 
will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a 
material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting 
and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the 
BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS, the European Council has 
adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect 
from no later than either January 1, 2019, 
January 1, 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member 
State. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397233
--- PAGE 240 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that 
result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some 
cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of 
investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the 
Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the 
Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in 
jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in 
which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund, its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation 
treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or 
any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to 
efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face 
unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any 
investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with 
reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to 
permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities 
resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund 
depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its 
investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. The ability of the Manager and its 
affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive 
incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is 
recognized by an investment partnership and 
EFTA01397234
--- PAGE 241 ---
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., 
carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any 
professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were 
enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. 
This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals, 
which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30, 
2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be 
committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its 
investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits 
criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and 
catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397235
--- PAGE 242 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or 
partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion 
facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent 
associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (ii) consider the offence in respect of the 
Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the 
Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-
investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the 
Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint 
ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager 
will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, 
structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may 
be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's 
objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where 
the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project, the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-
venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the 
Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, 
co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's 
investments. Any such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to 
Investors. In addition, the Fund may coinvest 
with other parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. 
Under such circumstances, there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such 
co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. 
In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
EFTA01397236
--- PAGE 243 ---
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate 
in existing investments of the Fund, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. Although such Investors will 
contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will 
reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify, and hold harmless, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on 
behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers, directors, employees, managers, agents of any of the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly 
or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory 
Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that 
such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, 
agents and other representatives); and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who 
serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and 
against any liabilities, actions, proceedings, 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by 
reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund, unless such liabilities, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, demands 
and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire 
investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be 
required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain 
limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397237
--- PAGE 244 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term 
instruments pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term 
investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying 
private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio 
companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the 
Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. Any 
decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative 
impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio 
company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company 
or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the 
portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the 
contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. The Fund may also be required to indemnify the 
purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure 
documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which 
might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect 
that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that 
they have received distributions from the Fund, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to 
return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which 
they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund, including any investments made by the Fund, are 
available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties 
seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular 
assets, such as the asset representing the 
EFTA01397238
--- PAGE 245 ---
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund 
disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, 
suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting 
Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required 
to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the 
information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to 
detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the 
Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. In addition, the 
Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; 
however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments, and the Fund may 
incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397239
--- PAGE 246 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in 
countries that are considered "emerging markets". 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in 
emerging markets countries. For example, 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory 
restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private 
investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, 
and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and 
regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change 
or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in 
countries outside the United States, the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. 
In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ 
significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The 
evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the 
Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect 
investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax 
resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently 
realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be 
undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the 
underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such 
organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees, the repatriation of 
capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their 
fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the 
General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with 
their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have 
EFTA01397240
--- PAGE 247 ---
acknowledged and agreed that, in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, as counsel to an underlying private 
equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a 
conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain 
additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors 
as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner. 
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as 
a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges 
under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the 
jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially 
more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such 
an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdown notice, which may have adverse 
consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397241
--- PAGE 248 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements 
with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a "Side Letter"). Any such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner 
to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in 
the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. Any such terms, including with respect to (i) 
reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates, (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, 
(iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be 
more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a 
Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to 
increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing 
economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of 
entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that, in recent years, the stability of certain 
financial markets has significantly deteriorated, certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit 
has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain 
circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's 
investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of 
economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price 
of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to 
provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity 
and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be 
highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
EFTA01397242
--- PAGE 249 ---
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly 
than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants 
in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation: Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's 
investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any 
instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could 
increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could 
also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., 
infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to 
other assets, such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sell certain 
investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash 
available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. 
Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. 
However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover 
increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services 
provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues 
generated by, and so the value of, such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating 
costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397243
--- PAGE 250 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return 
to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and 
credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the 
number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic 
constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid, preventing the 
Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may 
also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt 
obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an 
investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in 
U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and, as a result, 
the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will 
incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar 
revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to 
reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance, however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to 
enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may 
involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference 
currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars, their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the 
value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of 
converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a 
view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years, disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant 
decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a 
tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to 
obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund 
EFTA01397244
--- PAGE 251 ---
on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically 
require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price, these conditions may adversely affect the availability 
of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability 
to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the 
debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd -
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, 
such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory 
capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing, scope and cumulative effect of these 
regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to 
borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the 
Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, 
and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds, including changes to existing laws and regulations 
and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market 
commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments 
held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to 
alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative 
investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/-
or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms 
become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced 
scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures 
may be implemented. Therefore, there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397245
--- PAGE 252 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives 
will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its 
objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the 
Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets 
in which they operate and invest or the 
counterparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation 
or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, 
the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with 
future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave 
the European Union ("Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is 
entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable 
of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit, other European countries may seek to 
conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and 
others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European 
Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset 
management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund 
and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact 
opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or 
assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, 
including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private 
fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship 
with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an 
adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. 
EFTA01397246
--- PAGE 253 ---
Brexit may result in significant market dislocation, 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market 
risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in part to redenomination of financial assets and 
liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which 
may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and 
its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group 
dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK, meaning that instead 
the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of 
VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be 
related to changes in market conditions, the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law 
enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions, particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, 
the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to 
disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager 
may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its 
arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain 
information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors 
to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti-money laundering 
steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397247
--- PAGE 254 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor 
must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered. 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may 
provide to each Investor statements, reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's 
Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website ("Electronic Communications"). Electronic 
Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible 
with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of 
inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent 
receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service 
providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications 
systems to conduct business functions. 
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that 
could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General 
Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and 
protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, 
unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these 
systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within 
these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service 
providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the 
Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's 
systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss 
or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated 
with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their 
respective service providers to incur 
EFTA01397248
--- PAGE 255 ---
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or 
financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted so-called 
"pay-to-play" laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain 
contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments 
by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things, prohibit an investment adviser from 
providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such 
investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If 
the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their 
respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an 
adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in 
connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative 
returns, estimates, objectives, beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for 
illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a 
prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible 
to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. 
Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking 
information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and 
legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397249
--- PAGE 256 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information. 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR 
CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR 
PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397250
--- PAGE 257 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397251
--- PAGE 258 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager 
and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. 
The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an 
investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be 
deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived 
any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such 
conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect 
to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and 
certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been 
advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is, or may reasonably be, 
prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case, where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable 
transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential 
conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of 
the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the 
Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
Any broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment 
opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co-
investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest 
EFTA01397252
--- PAGE 259 ---
personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions 
may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the 
U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create 
an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make 
in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts 
of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the 
determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397253
--- PAGE 260 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund 
may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be 
the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the 
short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. 
A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the 
Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, 
with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund 
and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure 
of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in 
which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any 
duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397254
--- PAGE 261 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397255
--- PAGE 262 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397256
--- PAGE 263 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFMD73 
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held 
by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance 
with the UK AIFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 
820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation 
techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the 
investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a 
valuation committee (the "Valuation 
Committee") to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant 
investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual 
Investment. Deirdre Davies, the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also 
responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or 
portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Manager's portfolio management activities, and the 
Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may 
arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has 
sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
policy and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance 
obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Manager's valuation policy will be periodically 
assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies 
established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, 
amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-à-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a "closed-ended AIF" (as defined in the AIFMD) and the 
EFTA01397257
--- PAGE 264 ---
Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage. 
Manager's professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance 
policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the 
Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the 
Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
The Manager may provide further information as required under article 23 
of the AIFMD in a supplement to this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397258
--- PAGE 265 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"private fund limited partnership". The Fund Partnership Agreement will be 
governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership 
Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of 
adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that 
the courts of England and Wales have nonexclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the 
General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will 
become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited 
partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the dayto-day 
operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is 
actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in 
which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter 
alia, be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English 
law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by 
fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will 
disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the "Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur "leverage" within the meaning of the AIFMD.74 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "gross method" (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the "Delegated 
Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "commitment method" 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, 
then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the "Periodic 
EFTA01397259
--- PAGE 266 ---
disclosure" paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to 
Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable. 
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a description of how 
the Fund may incur leverage. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397260
--- PAGE 267 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Partner. 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
Any changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
the Fund. 
In each annual report. 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no 
net asset value of the Fund, (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the 
historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged, and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund 
will engage, a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the "Depositary") has been retained 
by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, 
including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping 
of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate 
any part of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention 
as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary 
may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to 
provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is 
delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
EFTA01397261
--- PAGE 268 ---
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary 
will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager, the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the 
depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, 
wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of 
the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397262
--- PAGE 269 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered 
and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in 
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. 
only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement 
representations, including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a 
view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests 
for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or nonU.S. 
securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is 
extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the 
General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have 
triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation D but occurred before the rule's effective date, 
September 23, 2013, including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General 
Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
"In September 2008, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ("CSSU") reached an 
agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities 
Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment 
products generally known as 
"auction rate securities." Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's 
consent, a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in 
dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to 
supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to $550 
million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of $15 million. 
Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing." 
EFTA01397263
--- PAGE 270 ---
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to 
Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement 
agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
"Beginning in 2011, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Raymond James 
Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively "Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, 
the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or 
engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant 
state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that 
Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately 
characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with 
these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the 
risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to 
ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately 
described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to 
purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have 
completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders, Raymond 
James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing." 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397264
--- PAGE 271 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of 
more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, 
these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to 
acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, 
arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances, the Fund may be required to aggregate 
its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on 
behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, 
together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect 
to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class 
of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of 
directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for 
short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the 
short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. 
and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the 
Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment 
Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not 
limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose 
outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by "qualified purchasers," as defined under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require 
that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and 
undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the 
U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in 
EFTA01397265
--- PAGE 272 ---
offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an "Eligible Non-U.S. Investor") 
or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an "Eligible U.S. Investor") (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. 
Investors, together, "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject 
to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that 
would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab initio 
and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder 
of an Interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such 
Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to 
avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act; however, under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), 
only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the 
Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). 
Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill 
or training nor does it imply any endorsement, 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397266
--- PAGE 273 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with 
the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity 
pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose 
interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public 
in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest 
positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail 
forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined 
at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's 
portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, 
that, in the case of an option that is in-themoney 
at the time of purchase, the in-the-money amount as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such 
positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation 
value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it 
has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a 
disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon 
the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently, the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this 
offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans 
that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of 
Labor ("DOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their 
legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider 
their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently 
and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should 
consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
EFTA01397267
--- PAGE 274 ---
standards under ERISA, (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the 
prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in light of 
limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the 
appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the 
investment will give rise to a "prohibited 
transaction" within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the 
Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA 
acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a "publicly 
offered security" nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment 
of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided 
underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (i) ownership of each class of 
entity by "Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 
such class of equity interest then outstanding, 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest 
in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "25% Test"), or (ii) 
the entity is an "operating company," including 
a "venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a "plan, account or arrangement" within 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Company Act, the assets 
interest in each of the 
equity interest in the 
25% of the total value of 
EFTA01397268
--- PAGE 275 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan 
assets" by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of 
which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not 
satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of 
the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity 
interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets 
(or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in 
compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
ERISA. In this connection, the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the 
withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required 
to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions 
of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried 
interest set forth in Section 6: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
"eligible indirect compensation" for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA 
should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in 
the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion 
does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on 
laws, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), regulations and other authorities in effect 
as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The U.S. 
EFTA01397269
--- PAGE 276 ---
federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among other things, significant 
issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the 
case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities, life 
insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors), with reference to any special issues that investment in 
the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor 
in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S 
federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its 
distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit It is possible 
that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such 
Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to 
file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax 
return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new 
partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the 
event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit 
procedures, the "Partnership Audit Rules"). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397270
--- PAGE 277 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, an audit resulting in 
an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of 
any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment, may 
be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be 
required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such 
Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the 
adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the 
adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to 
each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such 
person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or, in 
the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other flow-through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required 
to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a PushOut 
Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting 
underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise 
be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit 
procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will 
not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in nonU.S. 
corporations treated as "passive foreign investment companies" ("PFICs"). A 
U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an 
interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest 
charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor 
(or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a "qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with 
EFTA01397271
--- PAGE 278 ---
respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's 
current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and 
ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by 
a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the 
receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect 
to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report 
with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations" ("CFCs"). A U.S. 
Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. 
Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a 
CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through 
Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income 
to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund 
Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and 
source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Restrictions on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is 
anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as 
miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is 
an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be 
permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 
2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. 
In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business ("Operating Partnerships"), the "passive activity loss" rules, 
the "at-risk" rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such 
investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397272
--- PAGE 279 ---
EFTA01397273
--- PAGE 280 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational 
expenses rateably over 15 years, or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering 
expenses, including placement fees. A noncorporate 
taxpayer is not permitted to deduct "investment interest" expense in excess 
of "net investment income." This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-
corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investor's investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such 
investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for "business interest" may be subject to 
further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed 
under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors 
may be able to deduct a portion of any 
"qualified business income" arising from certain trades or businesses held 
by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, 
the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make 
investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to 
provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. 
Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans, are subject to the tax on unrelated 
business taxable income ("UBTI"). UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried 
on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness, and certain insurance income received from or 
attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for 
purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, 
including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) 
borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a 
result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General 
Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor 
in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential 
EFTA01397274
--- PAGE 281 ---
tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker" structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations applicable to a nonresident 
alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment 
in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to 
non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, 
former U.S. citizens or residents, and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a "tax home" in the U.S. Non-U.S. 
Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion 
assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., has and will 
have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not 
been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends, etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest 
(subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in 
a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) "engaged in 
trade or business within the United States" is itself considered to be 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a 
non-U.S. corporation, the "branch profits" tax), 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its 
income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business ("ECI"). A non-U.S. 
person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its ECI may subsequently be precluded from 
claiming deductions related to the ECI and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain 
Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397275
--- PAGE 282 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
ECI. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S., the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, 
and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business 
determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation 
U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying 
Investor's share of the net income of 
Operating Partnership); and 
• 
(whether or 
gain, loss, deduction 
not distributed) as 
rules) generally applicable to 
U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. 
the 
non-
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the 
disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the 
disposition of and interest in the Fund, in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-U.S. Investor's share of 
any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting 
from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such 
fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S. 
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a 
rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion 
of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as ECI, the proceeds 
of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It 
is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that 
Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a 
refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits 
tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the "dividend equivalent amount" of a non-U.S. corporation, which is 
approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's earnings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated 
as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI 
for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced 
rates of, the branch profits tax for "qualified 
EFTA01397276
--- PAGE 283 ---
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the 
non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the 
Fund may offer a "blocker" structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. 
If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 
"United States real property holding corporation" 
("USRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of 
such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch 
profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. 
Investors may be required to file Form 8865, 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, 
reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to 
the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses, deductions and credits to the Investor 
and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required 
to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers 
of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to 
disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. 
Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to "reportable transactions" are 
applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments), Investors that are 
required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain 
Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain 
documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest 
is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an 
Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain 
types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397277
--- PAGE 284 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction 
undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to 
comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional 
reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt 
Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax 
consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return 
filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in 
Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return 
reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. 
Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state 
and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating 
to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this 
Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each 
Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the 
tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited 
partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be 
operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These 
characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such 
that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading 
rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the 
EFTA01397278
--- PAGE 285 ---
following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate 
taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead, the income and capital gains or losses of the 
Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally 
regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which 
reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated 
as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look 
through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own 
share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains 
in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of 
the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the 
assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part 
of a trade (e.g., financial traders, such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK 
through a UK representative, which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances, 
the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income 
tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership 
tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported 
in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397279
--- PAGE 286 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly, HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to 
disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer 
reference ("UTR") number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should, therefore, be aware that an investment in the 
Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue & Customs or (b) provide the General Partner 
with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may 
be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns. 
Taxation of UK resident investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax 
purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance 
with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on 
the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax 
purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on 
some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the 
detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on 
dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a 
£5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received 
directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Fund's investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject 
to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5,000 to £2,000 
from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% 
for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e.g., debenture interest) received 
directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax 
liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any 
such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an 
appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of 
EFTA01397280
--- PAGE 287 ---
UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its 
interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be 
treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising 
on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal 
proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against 
any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets, may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire 
such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this 
effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive 
distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an 
Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors, 
there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the 
assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the 
market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the 
asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be 
applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different 
considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397281
--- PAGE 288 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"Offshore Fund Rules") may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 
"offshore fund." The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that 
the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an 
Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as 
income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as 
a "reporting fund" or "non-reporting fund" 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily 
resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made 
an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies 
should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be "controlled foreign companies" for UK tax 
purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies 
and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee 
company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an 
apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be 
treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets, including 
those which are subject to the "loan relationship" 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009, generally on a basis 
reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, 
gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. An Investor's actual share 
in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the 
Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax 
on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax 
on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from 
such income at source. Interest income 
EFTA01397282
--- PAGE 289 ---
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. 
Certain Investors may, however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK 
resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with 
which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK 
resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
return to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, 
certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an 
Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK 
and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not 
normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may, however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an 
individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of 
absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who 
holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade, whether carried on within or outside the UK, to whom 
different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited 
partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. 
This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in 
relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust 
or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the 
trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397283
--- PAGE 290 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
FATCA and other international disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance ("FATCA"), a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed 
in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018, of property that can produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31, 2018 (or, if later, the date on which 
the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments" are published) by certain foreign financial 
institutions (such as banks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to 
withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as 
"attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 
intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IGA") 
relating to FATCA, and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations 
to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, 
the "UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the 
Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information 
about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. 
Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA 
withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not 
distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status 
to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not 
subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental 
agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any "substantial" U.S. 
owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such 
entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor 
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor"). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to 
provide such information and documentation and 
EFTA01397284
--- PAGE 291 ---
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related 
entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other 
non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these 
requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner 
for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with 
the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an 
Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an 
Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA. 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application 
of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In 
addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the 
United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on 
the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such 
reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each 
Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an 
Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with 
any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and 
Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or 
investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397285
--- PAGE 292 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce 
or eliminate certain of these taxes. Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with 
respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations. 
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be 
withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be 
treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent 
that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor 
shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a 
distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of 
an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle. The tax consequences in the case of an 
alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax 
adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397286
--- PAGE 293 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397287
--- PAGE 294 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397288
--- PAGE 295 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the 
purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy 
itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition, 
holding and disposition of an Interest, including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other 
formality prescribed in such jurisdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and 
no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for 
that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal 
requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some 
legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional 
confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with 
the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor 
or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor 
may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing 
of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents, where such disclosure would violate the securities 
laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM 
is the Manager, itself an EU AIFM. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, 
this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Interests, shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member 
state of the European Economic Area that 
are "professional investors". For these purposes, a "professional investor" 
is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may, on request, be treated as a professional 
client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
EFTA01397289
--- PAGE 296 ---
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place 
(in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying 
as "professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA"). Accordingly, prospective investors should 
acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing 
to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the "FIN-
FSA") in accordance with the AFMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities" as defined in the SMA, based 
on the exemptions set forth in the SMA, the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements 
of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an 
investment firm (Fi: sijoituspalveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki, 747/2012, as 
amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private 
information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. 
This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed 
publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as 
defined above in the EEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors" but not to "private 
investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397290
--- PAGE 297 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Act (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch)). 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or 
indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that 
are professional investors (professionele 
beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing 
regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is 
subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by 
Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made 
available, nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than 
under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act 
(1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund 
in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds 
(Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered 
hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act 
(2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013, as amended 
(the "AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the 
purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the 
United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD 
Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by 
the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 
of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no 
EFTA01397291
--- PAGE 298 ---
disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Corporations Act"). Any offer of the Interests does not 
purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act 
and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a "wholesale client", a "sophisticated investor" or a 
"professional investor" (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as 
a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be, and is not required to be, lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made, and any financial services in connection with the 
interests will be provided, in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement 
to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The 
Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the 
Central Bank of Bahrain. This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for 
the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the 
performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397292
--- PAGE 299 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the 
applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities 
Commission (Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained 
herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be 
passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and, as such, it is not 
and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an invitation or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for 
any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This 
Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular, notice or other materials issued in connection therewith, shall 
not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used 
by, the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales, and 
allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have 
not been delivered to, registered with, 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam, the 
authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order, 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other 
law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The 
recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law, 
tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province 
or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited 
Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to 
Limited Partners purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as 
defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and are permitted clients, as defined in 
EFTA01397293
--- PAGE 300 ---
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of 
Offshore Securities (el Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance 
Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other 
offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile, other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a 
private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act (la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (an offer that is not 
"addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests, whether 
by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, 
distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC, and the Interests may not be offered, distributed 
or resold to the public in the PRC, or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC, without compliance with PRC 
law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not 
include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public 
offer in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397294
--- PAGE 301 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be 
registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (el Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) 
maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed 
on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and 
regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, 
the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia, except under circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is 
provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The 
Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is 
carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion 
of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not 
financial products, (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (iii) 
do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in 
particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated 
in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance 
with any such laws and regulations. In addition, 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any 
responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or 
permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, 
sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund, 
which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the "DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the 
offering or the Interests have been approved, 
EFTA01397295
--- PAGE 302 ---
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or 
verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, document or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, 
neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify 
the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult 
an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are 
"Professional Clients" for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a minimum subscription of 
at least US$50,000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and 
must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a "Retail Client" for the 
purposes of, and as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397296
--- PAGE 303 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been 
delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 1987, and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of public offer in the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being 
made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and 
Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means 
of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an 
offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or 
distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not 
be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than 
to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Israeli 
Securities Law"). 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own 
examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not 
been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the 
avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
EFTA01397297
--- PAGE 304 ---
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under 
the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the "Israeli 
Investment Advising Law"). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited 
Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws 
of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli 
Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests, a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund 
that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and 
sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale 
to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to 
the legal, tax, financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in 
the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or 
resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be 
aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397298
--- PAGE 305 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the 
application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 
2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation 
since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2, paragraph 3, item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified 
institutional investor (a "QII") as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3, item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order 
regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons 
other than (i) QIIs or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law ("Qualified Non-QIIs"). 
The number of Qualified Non-QIIs in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests 
shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the 
FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers 
article 234-2, paragraph 2, item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the 
General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QII may be made to persons other 
than QIIs. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-QII in Japan may be made except for the transfer 
by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially 
Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors, etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-
called, the "QII-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-
targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its 
recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by 
accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient 
elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. 
Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. 
An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other 
market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should 
EFTA01397299
--- PAGE 306 ---
read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights 
relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan, this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) 
No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, 
Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The 
Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other 
relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or 
public offering is, therefore, restricted 
in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of 
the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used 
to offer or market the Interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor 
(inversionista institucional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista calificado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities 
Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
"Securities Market Law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry 
of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any 
means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market 
Law and its regulations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the 
solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, 
offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397300
--- PAGE 307 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico, and any 
resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to 
Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all 
claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destinataire du present document reconnait avoir une parfaite maitrise de 
l'anglais et renonce a tout recours fonde 
sur une mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or 
subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any 
statutory modification or re-enactment of, or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) ("FMC Act"). Accordingly: 
(i) 
(ii) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in 
New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 
of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an "investment business"; 
(b) meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of 
Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(c) 
is "large"; or 
(d) 
is a government agency, 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the 
Interests, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this 
Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests, in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your 
information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. 
EFTA01397301
--- PAGE 308 ---
This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as 
amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the "Executive Regulations"). 
The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a 
licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of 
Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in 
or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to 
the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to 
constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The 
recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or 
approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or 
any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman, nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, 
the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the 
Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient 
of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive 
Regulations) and has such experience in business 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397302
--- PAGE 309 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto 
Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
Inversion y sus Sociedades Administradoras or under Decreto Legislativo 861: 
Ley del Mercado de Valores (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors 
only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the 
Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro Public) 
del Mercado de Valores) maintained by, and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the 
Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in 
the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically 
intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be 
treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the 
Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment fund or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an investment 
company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or 
approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or 
difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Any distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such 
recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except 
to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority 
(the "CMA"). 
EFTA01397303
--- PAGE 310 ---
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents 
of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor 
may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the 
recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397304
--- PAGE 311 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting 
investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of 
this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea, including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial 
Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC") in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea, and the Interests may not be offered, 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts 
and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory 
Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered 
with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant 
or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. 
There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified 
investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006, as amended ("CISA") and Article 6 of 
the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ("CISO") (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not 
been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents, Fund Documents and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests 
offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of 
Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
EFTA01397305
--- PAGE 312 ---
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute 
related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of 
the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
"Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through 
the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the 
appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and 
other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will 
be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is 
authorized to pass on distribution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of 
the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined 
under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA, banks, 
insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers 
exclusively through a written commissionbased 
investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers 
or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the 
recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, 
of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual 
amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397306
--- PAGE 313 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund to the investor requiring information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners 
(including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs 
incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid 
from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the 
basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and 
demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by 
way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been 
approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed 
or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a 
foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates 
(the "UAE"), the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA") or any other authority in the UAE 
(collectively, the "UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory 
Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market, offer or sell the 
Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of 
this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps 
to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not 
been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations 
as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA. 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of 
securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. 
The Interests may not be offered or sold 
EFTA01397307
--- PAGE 314 ---
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be 
consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
(i) 
(ii) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE; or 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund 
and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion 
by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed 
as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker, dealer or advisor under applicable laws of 
the UAE, and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or 
selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE 
investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. This Memorandum is for the information of prospective 
investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering, the Interests, the Fund and 
this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own 
examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397308
--- PAGE 315 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration 
contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to 
the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D 
thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws 
of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only 
and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state 
securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered 
as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397309
--- PAGE 316 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural 
body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below — (B) Notice to Investors that are 
— to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's 
investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners, officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital, LLP assuming responsibility 
as the "data controller" on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that 
from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is 
provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital, LLP (the "Data Controller") will be the "data controller" 
for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service 
providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy 
Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controller may include 
name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), 
tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your 
personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited 
to, (i) in connection with applicable "know your 
client," anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable 
laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate 
with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become 
necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your 
investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's 
administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services, LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any 
bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc 
will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's 
auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
person (e.g., a 
Natural Persons 
is a non-natural person 
EFTA01397310
--- PAGE 317 ---
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset 
thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share your contact details with 
other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the 
United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic 
Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA 
that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of 
America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the 
purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable 
to state at the outset how long that period 
will be; it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and 
may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to 
comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration 
and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in 
the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data; 
• obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the 
purposes for which your personal data 
is being used; (ii) the categories of your personal data being used; (iii) 
to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397311
--- PAGE 318 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will 
be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its 
use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the "ICO") or other 
supervisory authority; and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without 
undue delay; 
• have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain 
circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was 
collected; (ii) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations 
including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully 
but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for 
which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the 
contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has 
transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless 
it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
* 
* 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your 
information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital, LLP 
at 16 Berkeley Street, London, W13 8DZ, 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal 
data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory 
authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: www.ICO.org.uk. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
EFTA01397312
--- PAGE 319 ---
EFTA01397313
--- PAGE 320 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from 
being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any 
designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person 
who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the 
Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of 
any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such 
information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification 
purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investor's subscription for an Interest, and any funds received 
will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager 
or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case 
the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business 
that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must, notwithstanding any 
obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply, report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities 
pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the 
Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if 
necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite 
documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the 
above personal or institutional information 
change, such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) 
and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the 
Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the 
benefit of, any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the "Sanction Regulations"). The 
Manager and its designee may undertake 
EFTA01397314
--- PAGE 321 ---
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations 
and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person 
holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. The Manager also may be 
required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners 
of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a 
person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations, the Manager may be 
obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
EFTA01397315
--- PAGE 322 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25% Test 
Administration 
Agreement 
Advance 
Advisers Act 
AIFMD 
Alternative Vehicle 
Benefit Plan Investor 
BEPS 
Brexit 
Carried Interest 
CFCs 
CFTC 
Closing 
Code 
Commitment 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The administrative services agreement, to be entered into at or around the 
date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
An amount equal to 99.99% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be 
drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund. 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU). 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the 
right, in connection 
with any investment, to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited 
Partners to be made. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Base erosion and profit shifting. 
As defined in Section 7: Risk Factors. 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs 
(iii) and (iv) of 
the "Distributions" paragraph of Section 6: Summary of Principal Terms and 
Conditions. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit 
additional 
Investors. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
A Limited Partner's commitment to the Fund. 
Complementary Fund A multiple third party investor fund with investment 
objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset 
categories or strategies. 
EFTA01397316
--- PAGE 323 ---
Covered Person 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, 
partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them. 
CPO 
Data Controller 
A "commodity pool operator" for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3). 
Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
EFTA01397317
--- PAGE 324 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or 
around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
Deutsche Bank 
DOL 
dollars, US$ or $ 
DPI 
ECI 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
ERISA 
EU AIF 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
FFI 
Final Admission Date 
First Closing 
FMV 
foreign passthru 
payments 
FSMA 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
U.S. dollars. 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
An "alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, 
registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will 
invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The last date on which Investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
EFTA01397318
--- PAGE 325 ---
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
Fair Market Value. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
EFTA01397319
--- PAGE 326 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The advisory committee, comprising representatives of certain Limited 
Partners, established 
by the Fund to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential 
conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters. 
Fund Documents 
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Sponsor 
General Partner 
General Partner's 
Share 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect 
of the Fund. 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund. 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private 
equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund, feeder fund or other similar structure). 
A general partner, manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
The profit share distributed to the General Partner by the Fund. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership. 
Glendower SOF Team As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
GP 
GP-led Secondary 
Gross IRR 
Interest 
Invested Capital 
The general partner, manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying 
investment fund. 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the 
secondary market. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return. 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund. 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited 
Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, 
at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment 
(or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments. 
Investment Committee An investment committee to be established by the 
EFTA01397320
--- PAGE 327 ---
Manager that, inter alia, will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund. 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the 
Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
EFTA01397321
--- PAGE 328 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the 
earliest to occur of 
(i) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date. 
Investment Platforms 
Investment 
Restriction Base 
Investor 
IRS 
Key Persons 
LIBOR 
Limited Partner 
LP 
Manager 
Managing Partners 
Memorandum 
NAV 
Net IRR 
OECD 
Offshore Fund Rules 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) 
sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates. 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 
US$1.75 billion 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination 
and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the aggregate 
Commitments. 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their 
replacements). 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
A limited partner of the Fund. 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Glendower. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith. 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented 
EFTA01397322
--- PAGE 329 ---
from time to 
time. 
As defined in Appendix 5: Important Performance Information. 
Net Internal Rate of Return. 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to 
accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
EFTA01397323
--- PAGE 330 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
QEF 
RVPI 
Sanction Regulations 
SEC 
Second GP 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Collectively UK sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions 
administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for the description of the 
limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners 
which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing 
the General Partner's 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
SOF 
SOF A 
SOF B 
SOF C 
SOF D 
SOF II 
SOF III 
SOF IV or the Fund 
SOF Business 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
Program 
SOF Team 
Special Limited 
Partner 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more 
private equity fund 
sponsors. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A, SOF B and SOF C). 
EFTA01397324
--- PAGE 331 ---
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment 
program. 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III, collectively. 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
EFTA01397325
--- PAGE 332 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Partner 
Team Investment 
Total Value 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
U.S. 
U.S. Adviser 
U.S. IGA 
UBTI 
UK 
UK AIFM Regulation 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First 
Closing. 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or 
employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the 
U S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The United Kingdom. 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
Valuation Committee 
withholdable 
payments 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
EFTA01397326
--- PAGE 333 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions 
to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI, etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts 
net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds' 
carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses. 
Gross multiple: Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ("Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at 
the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is 
based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later 
date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the 
remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or 
negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value ("NAV"): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' 
investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information 
it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying funds. 
Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially 
from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term 
value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized 
appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ("Net IRR"): calculated as a net return and is 
based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the 
value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value 
(positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-in Capital ("RVPI"): Represents the value of the SOF 
Funds investors' interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net 
EFTA01397327
--- PAGE 334 ---
of the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the 
stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI = DPI + RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs 
in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on 
the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners, even in instances where a fund 
or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the 
fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' 
capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross 
IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant 
investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account 
to investors. Therefore, if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly 
from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings, which would shorten the time between such contribution and 
distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis: Any benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of 
the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or 
indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ 
different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
EFTA01397328
--- PAGE 335 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds; (ii) the performance information respect of 
each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or 
accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the 
SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not 
necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche 
Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF 
Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The 
Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations, rules and guidelines, including, 
but not limited to, the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204-2 
thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide 
recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF 
Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment 
performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the 
investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations 
professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted, the performance information contained in this Memorandum 
is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans 
as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not 
representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the 
financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the 
underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they 
have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of 
public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
EFTA01397329
--- PAGE 336 ---
Except where designated as "net," the projected returns and financial 
information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. 
Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive 
distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant 
reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this 
Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such 
factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including 
(without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the 
actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other 
events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained 
herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only 
as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date 
indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may 
ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur 
or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain "forward 
looking statements." These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the plans, projections, 
objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not 
historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant 
uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. 
Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, 
global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
EFTA01397330
--- PAGE 337 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
EFTA01397331
--- PAGE 338 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Special 
Counsel to the 
General 
Partner and 
the Manager 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Gresham Street 
London, EC2V 7NQ 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu, KPMG or 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
(UK) Limited 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
Global 
Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Management Limited 
Regional Placement 
Agents 
Raymond James & 
Associates, Inc. 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
EFTA01397332
--- PAGE 339 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the 
board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman 
Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Alan is also a director of 
Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ("Circumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts 
as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds, private equity funds, 
general partners of limited partnerships, 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and 
various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over 
twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, 
securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. 
He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Florida State University and received his Certified Public Accountant 
certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past 
president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of 
the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of 
the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
Kirsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett 
University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she 
joined Circumference in 2007, where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of 
companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited 
partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in 
the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland, the 
UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private 
equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad 
knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and 
has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S., European and Asian firms. Prior to 
becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client 
EFTA01397333
--- PAGE 340 ---
Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the 
strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. 
Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated 
with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.), 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
EFTA01397334
--- PAGE 341 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Europe, MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
113 
EFTA01397335
--- PAGE 342 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
EFTA01397336

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397337.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397337.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Disclosure Statement 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "Solicitation Agent"), Glendower Access 
Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC ("Glendower") and iCapital Advisors, LLC 
("iCapital") have entered into an 
agreement pursuant to which the Solicitation Agent has agreed to consider 
the Solicitation Agent's clients 
and prospective clients for whom an investment in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Onshore Fund") and Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Fund" and together with the Onshore Fund, the "Access Funds" and 
each an "Access Fund") 
may be suitable and to use reasonable efforts to solicit such persons for 
potential subscription of interests 
in the Access Funds (the "Interests") The Solicitation Agent is not 
affiliated with the Access Funds, 
iCapital or Glendower. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to 
them in the private placement memoranda of the Access Funds. 
As compensation for these activities, the Solicitation Agent will receive 
from clients (each such 
client that subscribes for Interests, a "DB Introduced Person") investing in 
the Access Fund a one-time 
"Placement Fee" in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of 
the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund. Any Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person 
to the Solicitation Agent will not be considered a capital contribution to 
the Access Fund. The 
Solicitation Agent in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all 
or any portion of the DB 
Placement Fee payable by any particular DB Introduced Person. The Placement 
Fee rates applicable at 
each level of investment are as follows: 
Subscription in US$ 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
less than $3,000,000 
Placement Fee Rate 
1.00% 
1.50% 
2.00% 
The Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart from 
the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the 
relevant DB Introduced 
EFTA01397337
--- PAGE 2 ---
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund. The specific Placement Fee paid by 
a DB Introduced Person 
will be disclosed in such person's Access Fund subscription agreement. 
Further, and in addition to the Placement Fee payable by clients, the 
Solicitation Agent will receive 
from iCapital a "Servicing Fee" payable quarterly in advance and will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
during the "investment period" of the Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP (the "Underlying Fund"), the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person 
will be equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription 
such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(ii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund, the 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Introduced Person to the Access 
of 
EFTA01397338
--- PAGE 3 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the 
product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon 
Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a 
b. 
c. 
(iii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing 
Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of 
any 
management fees collected by the Access Fund or the investment manager (as 
applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable 
share of invested capital. 
In addition, pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between the 
Solicitation Agent 
and one or more of the Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, 
LLC, the Solicitation 
Agent will also act as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
refer and/or introduce certain of 
its clients to the Underlying Fund. In consideration for such services, the 
Glendower GP or an affiliate 
shall pay the Solicitation Agent a placement fee equal to 0.75% of the 
portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the 
subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. 
Other than the foregoing fees, no additional fees or other amounts will be 
charged to investors by 
the Solicitation Agent or the Access Funds as a result of the Solicitation 
Agent's involvement. Investors 
in an Access Fund that are referred by the Solicitation Agent will not pay 
increased management fees or 
other similar compensation to the Solicitation Agent, iCapital or the Access 
Funds as a result of the 
referral. 
EFTA01397339
--- PAGE 4 ---
Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described above, the 
Solicitation Agent 
may benefit financially from referring clients to an Access Fund rather than 
to other competitive funds or 
other products that may also be appropriate for particular clients. As a 
result, the Solicitation Agent's 
receipt of such payments from the iCapital creates a potential conflict of 
interest in the form of an 
additional financial incentive to the Solicitation Agent, its equity owners 
and investment representatives 
to refer clients to an Access Fund. In addition, the Solicitation Agent or 
its affiliates may earn 
compensation from an Access Fund, iCapital or their affiliates through 
arrangements that may or may not 
directly involve the Solicitation Agent, such as the provision of brokerage 
or prime brokerage services or 
research. Employees of the Solicitation Agent or its affiliates, including 
their investment representatives 
who may offer Interests to clients, may now or in the future own Interests. 
Acknowledgement of Receipt 
The undersigned acknowledges that it has reviewed and understands the 
information presented in 
this Disclosure Statement. 
Signature 
Name (print or type) 
EFTA01397340
--- PAGE 5 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Date 
EFTA01397341
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
EXECUTION VERSION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397342
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
INSTRUCTIONS FOR INVESTORS 
If you are interested in purchasing a limited partner interest (an 
"Interest") in Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Partnership"), please complete 
all applicable signature pages 
and exhibits of the Subscription Agreement as indicated below. In addition, 
please submit the relevant 
Customer Identification Documents listed below. 
Please direct any questions regarding this Subscription Agreement and/or the 
Partnership to your 
advisor. 
Following is a checklist for completing the Subscription Agreement and 
subscribing for an Interest 
in the Partnership. 
• Subscription Agreement. Each Investor is required to complete all sections 
of this 
Subscription Agreement, including all relevant exhibits. 
§ Investors that are individuals are required to complete the following 
sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page and Exhibit B. 
§ Investors that are entities are required to complete the following 
sections of this 
Subscription Agreement: Limited Partner Signature Page; Exhibit C; Exhibit D; 
and Exhibit E. 
• Initial Capital Contribution. Each Investor may be required to make a 
capital contribution 
to the Partnership on the date it is admitted to the Partnership. The 
General Partner will 
provide written notice of the exact size and timing of the initial capital 
contribution if 
necessary in advance of the initial closing of the Partnership. 
• Client Identification Documents. Each Investor is required to provide the 
following 
documents to the General Partner. The identifying documents can be uploaded 
via the 
secure functionality built into your www.icapitalnetwork.com account. 
§ Natural Persons: 
• A complete IRS Form W-9. 
§ Entities: 
• A complete IRS Form W-9. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397343
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
LIMITED PARTNER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
c/o Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
East 42nd Street, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
Reference is made to (i) the Private Placement Memorandum, dated January, 
2018 (such Private 
Placement Memorandum, together with any supplements and appendices thereto 
delivered to the 
undersigned being herein called the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Partnership"); (ii) the 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (such limited partnership agreement, together with any 
amendments or supplements 
thereto, being herein called the "Partnership Agreement") of the 
Partnership, in each case as furnished to 
the undersigned with respect to the offering of limited partnership 
interests in the Partnership; and (iii) this 
Limited Partner Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement"), by and among 
Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the sole 
general partner of the 
Partnership (the "General Partner"), for and on behalf of the Partnership, 
and the undersigned subscribing 
investor (the "Investor"). The Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement are 
incorporated by reference 
in the Agreement. The Memorandum, the Partnership Agreement and this 
Agreement are collectively 
referred to herein as the "Offering Materials". Capitalized terms used, but 
not defined, herein shall have 
the respective meanings given to them in the Partnership Agreement. 
The Partnership's sole objective is to invest in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund 
IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (the "Underlying Fund"). 
By executing this Agreement 
and authorizing execution of the Partnership Agreement on your behalf, the 
undersigned Investor (and 
personal representative on behalf of such Investor) (a) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of this Agreement 
by the Partnership shall be, bound as a limited partner of the Partnership 
(a "Limited Partner") by the terms, 
provisions and requirements applicable to Limited Partners as set forth 
herein and in the Memorandum 
(including the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying 
Fund (the "Underlying Fund 
PPM")) and the Partnership Agreement, and (b) acknowledges that it has read 
and understands the terms, 
EFTA01397344
--- PAGE 9 ---
provisions and requirements set forth herein and therein that are applicable 
to Limited Partners, the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager and the Partnership, as the case may be. The 
Investor hereby subscribes 
and agrees as follows: 
Subscription for a Limited Partnership Interest. 
(a) 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the 
Memorandum 
and in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor agrees to the following: (i) 
to purchase from the Partnership 
a limited partnership interest (the "Interest") in the Partnership in the 
amount set forth on the signature page 
below at a purchase price equal to 100% of such Interest (except to the 
extent that an Interest in a lesser 
amount has been accepted by the General Partner pursuant to Section 9), 
payable in the manner and at the 
times as set forth in the Partnership Agreement; (ii) that the minimum 
subscription is $250,000; (iii) to 
become a party to and be bound by the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) to 
become a Limited Partner. 
(b) 
The Investor understands that to help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient 
amount of the Limited Partners' subscriptions are available to pay expenses 
of the Partnership, the General 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397345
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Partner may, in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the 
Limited Partners' subscriptions 
to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the 
General Partner is not required 
to set aside any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited 
Partners' subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Partnership (i.e., 
commits an amount to the 
Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the Partnership, is 
greater than the total amount of 
the Limited Partners' subscriptions to the Partnership), the General Partner 
may need to fund Partnership 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the 
Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be allocated income 
without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
2. 
Representations and Warranties of the Investor. The Investor hereby 
represents, 
warrants and covenants to, and agrees with, the Partnership and the General 
Partner, as of the date hereof, 
and through and including each date that all or any portion of the Interest 
requested pursuant to this 
Agreement is accepted in whole or in part by the General Partner as follows: 
(a) 
Suitability. THE INVESTOR HAS BEEN FURNISHED WITH, AND HAS 
READ CAREFULLY AND UNDERSTANDS THE OFFERING MATERIALS AND THE 
UNDERLYING FUND PPM, AND HAS HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO REQUEST AND REVIEW 
THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF THE UNDERLYING FUND (THE "UNDERLYING 
FUND LPA"), AND THE INVESTOR ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THESE OFFERING 
MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE UNDERLYING FUND PPM AND UNDERLYING FUND LPA) 
SUPERSEDE ANY OTHER OFFERING MATERIALS PREVIOUSLY MADE AVAILABLE TO 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS. OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THE 
MEMORANDUM AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, THE INVESTOR IS NOT RELYING 
UPON ANY INFORMATION, REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY THE PARTNERSHIP. THE 
INVESTOR HAS CONSULTED ITS OWN ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT, TAX ADVISER AND/OR 
INVESTMENT ADVISER AS TO THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, REGULATORY 
AND RELATED MATTERS WITH RESPECT TO THE INVESTMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY 
AND ON THAT BASIS UNDERSTANDS THE FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, ACCOUNTING, 
REGULATORY AND RELATED CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS 
AND BELIEVES THAT AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS IS SUITABLE AND APPROPRIATE 
FOR THE INVESTOR. ANY SPECIFIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT SET FORTH BELOW WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY STATEMENT CONTAINED IN THE OFFERING MATERIALS SHALL NOT BE 
DEEMED TO LIMIT THE GENERALITY OF THIS REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTY. 
(b) Opportunity to Verify Information. The Investor acknowledges that 
representatives of the Partnership have made available to the Investor, 
during the course of this transaction 
and prior to the purchase of the Interest, the opportunity to ask questions 
of and receive answers from them 
EFTA01397346
--- PAGE 11 ---
concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Interests 
described in the Offering Materials, to 
perform its own independent investigation of the current and proposed 
activities of the Partnership, and to 
obtain any additional information necessary to verify the information 
contained in the Offering Materials, 
or otherwise relative to the proposed activities of the Partnership or to 
otherwise evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the Partnership. The Investor acknowledges that 
all such questions, if asked, have 
been answered satisfactorily and all such documents, if examined, have been 
found to be fully satisfactory. 
(c) 
Purchase for Investment; Restrictions on Transfer. The Investor understands 
and agrees: (i) that the Investor must bear the economic risk of its 
investment until the final liquidation and 
termination of the Partnership; (ii) that the Interest has not been, and 
will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or under 
the applicable securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction, and therefore, cannot be resold or otherwise 
disposed of unless it is subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act or such other securities laws, unless an 
exemption from such registration 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397347
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
is available; (iii) that the Interest has not been registered under the laws 
of any jurisdiction outside of the 
United States and that the Investor is responsible for complying with any 
such laws, which may impose 
restrictions on the sale of the Interest by the Investor in any such 
jurisdiction; (iv) that the Investor is 
purchasing the Interest for its own account and not for the account of any 
other person, for investment only 
and not with a view to, or with any intention of, a distribution or resale 
thereof, in whole or in part, or the 
grant of any participation therein; (v) that the Investor shall not resell 
or otherwise dispose of all or any part 
of the Interest purchased by the Investor, except as permitted by law, 
including, without limitation, any 
regulations under the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws, 
and any and all applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement; (vi) that any disposition of the 
Interests may result in unfavorable 
tax consequences to the Investor; (vii) that the Transfer of the Interest by 
the Investor and the admission 
and substitution of another Limited Partner for the Investor are restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement and Securities Act and any fees and expenses incurred in 
connection with any Transfer in 
accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement will be the sole 
responsibility of the Investor; (viii) 
that there are risks of loss of investment incident to the purchase of 
Interests; (ix) that Rule 144 under the 
Securities Act is unlikely to be available as a basis for exemption from 
registration of the Interest in 
connection with the sale, Transfer or other disposition of all or a portion 
of the Interest; (x) the Investor has 
no right to require the registration of the Interest under the Securities 
Act or state securities laws or other 
applicable securities regulations; and (xi) no Transfer of Interest by the 
Investor will be permitted if it would 
result in 25% or more of any outstanding Interests being held by "benefit 
plan investors" within the meaning 
of and calculated in accordance with, Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Investor 
understands that there is no 
public or other market for the Interest, and it is not anticipated that such 
a market will ever develop. The 
Investor further understands that for the foregoing reasons, the Investor 
will be required to retain ownership 
of the Interest and bear the economic risk of this investment for an 
indefinite period of time, including a 
complete loss of capital. Further, the Investor acknowledges that the 
Partnership Agreement does not 
generally permit the sale or other Transfer (including by will or the laws 
of descent and dissolution) of the 
EFTA01397348
--- PAGE 13 ---
Interest unless the General Partner consents thereto. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, the 
Investor agrees that, without prior written consent of the General Partner, 
it has not entered and will not 
enter into: (A) a swap, structured note or other derivative instrument with 
a third party, the return from 
which is based in whole or in part on the return of the Partnership; or (B) 
a variable annuity or insurance 
policy with a third party, the value of which is based in whole or in part 
on the return of the Partnership. 
The Investor understands that the Interest will not be evidenced by a 
certificate subject to Article 8 of the 
Uniform Commercial Code. 
(d) 
Accredited Investor and U.S. Person Status. The Investor (i) represents and 
warrants that the Investor (A) is an "accredited investor" as such term is 
defined in Rule 501(a) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act (an "Accredited Investor") and hereby 
makes the representations and 
warranties contained in Exhibit B and Exhibit C, as applicable and (B) is a 
U.S. Tax Personl and (ii) agrees 
to immediately notify the Partnership if any of the foregoing 
representations ceases to remain true and 
understands that, if it appears to the management of the Partnership that 
any of the foregoing representations 
are incorrect with respect to the Investor, the Partnership may, among other 
remedies, require the Investor 
to withdraw from the Partnership and to be admitted as a limited partner of 
a parallel investment entity or 
subject the Investor's Interest to compulsory repurchase or transfer with no 
further distributions with respect 
to such repurchased or transferred Interest. 
A "U.S. Tax Person" is a beneficial owner of an Interest that is a citizen 
or resident of the United States, a U.S. domestic corporation or 
otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis with 
respect to its Interest. In determining beneficial ownership, an Interest 
held by (i) a partnership or entity treated as partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes or (ii) a "passive foreign investment company" 
within the meaning of section 1297 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended, (a "PFIC") will be considered beneficially owned by 
its partners or equityholders, as the case may be. An interest held by any 
corporation other than a PFIC will be treated as held by a shareholder 
beneficially owning 50 percent or more of the stock of such corporation, 
measured by value. In addition, a holder of an option to acquire an 
Interest will be treated as the beneficial owner of the underlying Interest. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397349
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Representations; Qualified Purchaser Status. The 
Investor acknowledges that (i) the Partnership is not being registered as an 
"investment company" as the 
term "investment company" is defined in Section 3(a) of the United States 
Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"); (ii) the General Partner 
does not have any intention 
of registering the Partnership as an "investment company" under the 
Investment Company Act or of 
registering the Interest under the Securities Act or of supplying the 
information that may be necessary to 
enable the Investor to sell, Transfer or otherwise dispose of the Interest; 
and (iii) the Investor will not be 
afforded the protections provided to investors in registered investment 
companies under the Investment 
Company Act. The Investor represents and warrants that the Investor is a 
"qualified purchaser" as that term 
is defined under the Investment Company Act In furtherance thereof, the 
Investor hereby makes the 
representations and warranties contained in the exhibits, as applicable. The 
Investor further represents that 
(A) the governing documents of the Investor require that each beneficial 
owner of the Investor including, 
but not limited to, shareholders, partners and beneficiaries, participate 
through his, her or its interest in the 
Investor in all of the Investor's investments and that the profits and 
losses from each such investment are 
shared among such beneficial owners in the same proportions as all other 
investments of the Investor, (B) 
no such beneficial owner may vary his, her or its share of the profits and 
losses or the amount of his, her or 
its contribution for any investment made by the Investor, and (C) the 
Investor has made investments prior 
to the date hereof or intends to make investments in the near future and 
each beneficial owner of interests 
in the Investor has shared and will share in the same proportion in each 
such investment (e.g., no beneficial 
owner of the Investor may vary its interests in different investments made 
by or on behalf of the Investor). 
(f) 
Conflicts of Interest. The Investor is aware of and understands each of the 
risk 
factors, including all applicable conflicts of interest set forth in the 
Memorandum (including the additional 
conflict and risk disclosure set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM attached 
thereto). The Investor 
understands that the discussion of such conflicts and risks is not 
exhaustive and confirms that it has 
consulted with its advisors as it has deemed necessary or appropriate. The 
EFTA01397350
--- PAGE 15 ---
Investor hereby consents to all 
such actual and potential conflicts of interest and waives, to the fullest 
extent permitted by law, all claims 
with respect to any liability arising from the existence of any conflicts of 
interest among the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and their respective affiliates. 
(g) Additional Risk Factors. The Investor is aware and acknowledges that: 
(i) the 
Partnership has only recently been formed and the Partnership and the 
Underlying Fund (as defined below) 
have little or no financial or operating history; (ii) the Investment 
Manager or another person or entity 
selected by the General Partner (which may be a partner or Affiliate of the 
General Partner) will receive 
compensation in connection with the management of the Partnership; (iii) the 
Investor is not entitled to 
cancel, terminate or revoke its subscription in the Partnership nor any of 
the powers and authority conferred 
herein and in the Partnership Agreement to the Partnership and/or the 
General Partner; (iv) investment 
returns, if any, described in the Memorandum or in any supplemental letters 
or materials thereto are not 
necessarily comparable to the returns, if any, which may be achieved on 
investments made by the 
Partnership; (v) no United States federal, state or local or non-United 
States agency, governmental authority 
or other person has passed upon the Interests or the equity interests of the 
Underlying Fund or made any 
finding or determination as to the fairness of this investment or the 
Partnership's investment in the 
Underlying Fund; (vi) the Interests will be subject to certain restrictions 
on transferability as described in 
the Partnership Agreement, and no transfer or assignment of any Interests or 
any part of any Interest may 
occur if such transfer or assignment would cause any beneficial interest in 
the Partnership to be held by a 
person that is not both a "qualified purchaser" and a "qualified client" 
under the Investment Company Act 
or an "accredited investor" under the Securities Act; (vii) the Investor 
will have no right to withdraw from 
the Partnership except as specifically provided in the Agreement; (viii) as 
a result of the foregoing, the 
marketability of the Interests will be severely limited; and (ix) that 
substantially all of the Partnership's 
investment assets will be its investment in the Underlying Fund. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397351
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(h) 
Full Contribution. The Investor understands that, except as otherwise 
provided 
in the Partnership Agreement, the Investor may not make less than the full 
amount of any required capital 
contribution in respect of such Investor's Interest, unless this Agreement 
is for any reason rejected or this 
offering is for any reason canceled, and that default provisions with 
respect thereto, pursuant to which the 
Investor may suffer substantial adverse consequences (including, but not 
limited to, the loss of all or a 
material portion of its investment in the Partnership), are contained in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
(i) 
(j) 
Exhibits. The Investor has carefully reviewed and/or completed the exhibits 
attached hereto to the extent applicable to the Investor and makes each of 
the representations set forth 
therein and such representations are true and correct in all respects. 
No Need for Liquidity. The Investor has no need for liquidity in connection 
with 
its purchase of the Interest, and is able to bear the risk of loss of its 
entire investment in the Interest. 
(k) 
Investment Objectives and Advice. The purchase of the Interest by the 
Investor 
is consistent with the general investment objectives of the Investor. The 
aggregate amount of the 
investments of the Investor in, and its commitments to, all similar 
investments that are illiquid is reasonable 
in relation to the Investor's net worth. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
that it has not relied on the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager or any of their respective partners 
or Affiliates for investment 
advice with respect to an investment in the Partnership. 
(1) 
Securities Laws. The Investor received the Offering Materials and first 
learned 
of the Partnership in the country, territory, state or other jurisdiction 
identified in the address of the Investor 
set forth on the Investor's signature page hereto, and intends that the 
securities laws of that country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction alone shall govern the offer and sale 
of the Interest to the Investor. If 
the Investor is not a resident of the United States, the Investor 
understands that it is the responsibility of the 
Investor to satisfy itself as to full observance of the laws of any relevant 
country, territory, state or 
jurisdiction outside of the United States in connection with the offer and 
sale of the Interest, including 
EFTA01397352
--- PAGE 17 ---
obtaining any required governmental or other consent and observing any other 
applicable legal, regulatory 
or other similar formalities. The Investor understands that no governmental 
agency or authority has passed 
upon or will pass upon the offer or sale of the Interest or has made or will 
make any finding or determination 
as to the fairness of this investment. 
(m) Commodity Exchange Act. (i) The Investor understands that (i) the General 
Partner is exempt from registration with the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission 
("CFTC") as a commodity pool operator ("CPO") with respect to the 
Partnership pursuant to 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) and, as a result of the General Partner's reliance on 
the CFTC Rule 
4.13(a)(3) exemption from registration as a CPO, the General Partner is not 
required to deliver a 
CFTC disclosure document to prospective investors, nor is it required to 
provide Investors with 
certified annual reports that satisfy the requirements of CFTC rules 
applicable to registered CPOs; 
and (ii) the General Partner and Investment Manager are exempt pursuant to, 
respectively, CFTC 
Rule 4.14(a)(5) and CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) from registration with the CFTC as 
a commodity 
trading advisor ("CTA") with respect to the advice that each provides to the 
Partnership, and as 
such neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager are required to 
satisfy certain 
disclosure and other requirements under CFTC rules. 
(n) Certain Regulatory Matters. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397353
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(1) 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability 
company or other 
entity, organization or association, it has not been formed or used to 
circumvent 
the provisions of Section 12(g) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, 
as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the Interest held by the Investor will 
be held 
of record by one person within the meaning of the Exchange Act Rule 12g5-1. 
(2) 
(3) 
If the Investor is a trust or other entity, it will provide any additional 
documents or 
information that the Partnership or General Partner may reasonably request 
regarding its beneficial ownership. 
The Investor (if an entity) was not formed or recapitalized and is not being 
utilized 
primarily for the purpose of making an investment in the Partnership, or has 
notified the General Partner in writing that it was formed or recapitalized 
and is 
being used for the purpose of making such investment.. 
(4) 
As of the date hereof, the Investor2 has not been subject to any event 
specified in 
Rule 506(d)(1) of the Securities Act or any proceeding or event that could 
result 
in any such disqualifying event ("Disqualifying Event") that would either 
require 
disclosure under the provisions of Rule 506(e) of the Securities Act or 
result in 
disqualification under Rule 506(d)(1) of the Partnership's use of the Rule 
506 
exemption. The Investor will immediately notify the General Partner in 
writing 
if the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying Event at any date after 
the date 
hereof. In the event that the Investor becomes subject to a Disqualifying 
Event at 
any date after the date hereof, the Investor agrees and covenants to use its 
best 
efforts to coordinate with the General Partner (i) to provide documentation 
as 
reasonably requested by the General Partner related to any such Disqualifying 
Event and (ii) to implement a remedy to address the Investor's changed 
circumstances such that the changed circumstances will not affect in any way 
the 
Partnership's, the Underlying Fund's or their respective affiliates' ongoing 
and/or 
future reliance on the Rule 506 exemption under the Securities Act. 
EFTA01397354
--- PAGE 19 ---
(o) 
Power and Authority; No Conflicts. If the Investor is a corporation, trust, 
partnership, limited liability company or other entity, organization or 
association: (i) it is duly organized or 
formed, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its 
jurisdiction of organization or formation; 
(ii) it has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this 
Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement; (iii) the person signing this Agreement on behalf of the Investor 
has been duly authorized to 
execute this Agreement and the Partnership Agreement; and (iv) such 
execution, delivery and performance 
by the Investor of such agreements do not violate, or conflict with, the 
terms of any agreement or instrument 
to which the Investor is a party or by which it is bound. If the Investor is 
an individual, the Investor has all 
requisite legal capacity to acquire and hold the Interest and to execute and 
deliver this Agreement and the 
Partnership Agreement and to perform its obligations hereunder and 
thereunder. 
(p) Due Execution; Binding Agreement. This Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement and the power of attorney granted hereby, have been duly executed 
by the Investor and, when 
the Investor is admitted as a Limited Partner, will constitute, valid and 
legally binding agreements of the 
For the purposes of this paragraph, references to the "Investor" shall 
include any person or entity ("Person") 
whose interest in, or relationship to, the Investor is deemed to make such 
Person or entity a beneficial owner of 
the Partnership's voting securities under Exchange Act Rule 13d-3 and within 
the meaning of Rule 506(d). Under 
Rule 13d-3, a Person is a beneficial owner of a security if, for among other 
reasons, such Person directly or 
indirectly has or shares (a) the power to vote or to direct the voting of 
such security and/or (b) the power to dispose 
of or direct the disposition of such security. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397355
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Investor enforceable against the Investor in accordance with their 
respective terms. The Investor 
acknowledges that this Agreement, the Partnership Agreement and the power of 
attorney granted hereby 
shall survive (i) changes in the transaction, documents and instruments 
described in the Memorandum and 
the Partnership Agreement which in the aggregate are not material to the 
Investor or which are contemplated 
by, or made in accordance with, the Memorandum or the Partnership Agreement, 
as the case may be, and 
(ii) the death, disability, termination or winding up of the Investor. The 
Investor has obtained all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorizations of government authorities and other 
persons or entities required to 
be obtained in connection with its execution and delivery of this Agreement 
and the Partnership Agreement 
and the performance of its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 
(q) Knowledge and Experience. The Investor currently has, and the Investor 
had 
immediately prior to receipt of any offer regarding the Partnership, such 
knowledge and experience in 
financial and business matters as to be able to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in the 
Partnership. 
(r) 
No View to Tax Benefits. The Investor is not acquiring the Interest with a 
view 
to realizing any benefits under any tax law, including, but not limited to, 
United States federal income tax 
laws, and no representations have been made to the Investor that any such 
benefits will be available as a 
result of the Investor's acquisition, ownership or disposition of the 
Interest. The Investor is aware and 
acknowledges that any tax benefits which may be available to the Investor 
may be lost through the adoption 
of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations or 
differing interpretations of existing 
laws and regulations, in certain circumstances with retroactive effect. 
(s) 
Publicly Traded Partnership. The following representations are included with 
the intention of enabling the Partnership to qualify for the benefit of a 
"safe harbor" under U.S. Treasury 
Regulations from treatment of the Partnership as an entity subject to 
corporate income tax. The Investor 
either: 
(1) 
(2) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
EFTA01397356
--- PAGE 21 ---
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal 
income tax purposes, and (i) at no time during the term of the Partnership 
will 65% 
or more of the value of any beneficial owner's direct or indirect interest 
in the 
Investor be attributable to the Investor's interests in the Partnership, 
(ii) less than 
65% of the value of the Investor is attributable to the Investor's interests 
in the 
Partnership, and (iii) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner 
limitation set forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury 
Regulations 
is not a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Investor or of any 
person 
authorized to act on the Investor's behalf, for using the tiered arrangement 
within 
the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(t) 
Status as Disregarded Entity. Unless the Investor has notified the General 
Partner in writing on or before the date hereof (which writing shall be 
acknowledged by the General Partner 
and shall constitute a representation of the Investor hereunder), the 
Investor is not disregarded as an entity 
separate from its owner within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section 301.7701-2(c)(2)(i) (a 
"Disregarded Entity"). If the Investor has notified the General Partner in 
writing that it is a Disregarded 
Entity, then the sole owner of the Investor for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes (the "Sole Owner") 
represents as follows: 
(1) 
the Sole Owner either: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397357
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(A) 
(B) 
is not a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes; or 
is a partnership, grantor trust, or Subchapter S corporation for United 
States federal income tax purposes, and (x) at no time during the term of 
the Partnership will 65% or more of the value of any beneficial owner's 
direct or indirect interest in the Sole Owner be attributable to the Sole 
Owner's interests in the Partnership, (y) less than 65% of the value of the 
Sole Owner is attributable to the Sole Owner's interests in the Partnership, 
and (z) permitting the Partnership to satisfy the 100-partner limitation set 
forth in Section 1.7704-1(h)(1)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations is not 
a principal purpose of any beneficial owner of the Sole Owner, or of any 
person authorized to act on the Sole Owner's behalf, for using the tiered 
arrangement within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.7704-1(h)(3)(ii). 
(2) 
The Sole Owner will not transfer or otherwise dispose of or distribute any 
part of 
its economic or beneficial interest in (or any rights with respect to) the 
Investor or 
the Interest without complying with all of the applicable provisions of the 
Partnership Agreement as if the Sole Owner were a direct Limited Partner of 
the 
Partnership and were transferring a direct limited partnership interest in 
the 
Partnership. 
(u) No Borrowings. The Investor has not borrowed any portion of its 
contribution to 
the Partnership, either directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager or any Affiliate of the foregoing. 
(v) 
Partnership Counsel Does Not Represent the Investors. The Investor 
understands and acknowledges that Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
("Cleary Gottlieb") acts as U.S. 
counsel only for the Partnership, Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities 
IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and, together with the Partnership and any other funds 
established in connection with the 
Partnership and the Feeder Fund, the "Access Funds"), the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and 
certain of their respective Affiliates, and that Maples and Calder, 
Attorneys-at-Law, acts as Cayman Islands 
counsel only for the Access Funds, the Investment Manager and the General 
Partner, and no attorney-client 
relationship exists between either firm and any other person by reason of 
such person making an investment 
in the Partnership. The Investor understands and acknowledges that the 
Investor should consult its own 
EFTA01397358
--- PAGE 23 ---
legal and tax advisers in connection with the formation of the Partnership 
and the sale of the Interest. The 
Investor also understands that no independent counsel has been retained to 
represent the Limited Partners. 
The Investor acknowledges that neither Cleary Gottlieb nor Maples and Calder 
have independently verified 
any factual assertions made in the Memorandum and are not responsible for 
the Partnership's compliance 
with its investment program or applicable law. The Investor represents that 
it has not relied upon Cleary 
Gottlieb's or Maples and Calder's participation in the preparation of the 
Offering Materials or its 
representation of the parties named above in connection with its investment 
in the Partnership. 
(w) 
Privacy Notice. If the Investor is a natural person, it acknowledges receipt 
of the 
notice attached hereto as Exhibit F regarding the privacy of financial 
information under Regulation P, 12 
C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P"), adopted by the Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau, and agrees that the 
Interest is a financial product that the Investor has requested and 
authorized. In accordance with Section 
of Regulation P, the Investor acknowledges and agrees that the 
Partnership may disclose nonpublic 
personal information of the Investor to the other Limited Partners, as well 
as to the Partnership's 
accountants, attorneys and other service providers as necessary to effect, 
administer and enforce the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397359
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Partnership and its partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, rule 
or regulation. 
(x) Nominees and Custodians. If the undersigned is acting as nominee or 
custodian 
for another person or entity in connection with the purchase or holding of 
the Interest, the undersigned has 
so indicated on its signature page hereto. The representations and 
warranties contained in this Section 2 
regarding the "Investor" are true and accurate with regard to each person or 
entity for which the undersigned 
is acting as nominee or custodian. Without limiting the generality of the 
foregoing, the representations and 
warranties regarding the status of the Investor in the exhibits attached 
hereto are true with respect to, and 
accurately describe, each person or entity for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian. 
Each person or entity for which the undersigned is acting as nominee or 
custodian will not Transfer or 
otherwise dispose of or distribute any part of its economic or beneficial 
interest in (or any other rights with 
respect to) the Interest without complying with all of the applicable 
provisions of the Partnership Agreement 
as if such person or entity were a direct Limited Partner of the Partnership 
and were transferring a direct 
limited partnership interest in the Partnership. If the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian for 
another person or entity, the undersigned agrees to provide such other 
information as the General Partner 
may reasonably request regarding the undersigned and the person or entity 
for which the undersigned is 
acting as nominee or custodian in order to determine the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase the Interest. 
(Y) 
Final Form. The Investor understands and acknowledges that its purchase of an 
Interest in the Partnership shall be subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement and the Partnership 
Agreement, in each case in the definitive form as shall be executed by the 
parties hereto and thereto, and as 
the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with their 
respective terms. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that (i) the definitive form of the Partnership 
Agreement may have terms 
and conditions different from those disclosed originally in the Memorandum, 
and (ii) the actual realized 
returns on unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns 
indicated in the Memorandum and 
the appendices thereto. 
(z) No General Solicitation or General Advertisement. The Investor 
acknowledges 
EFTA01397360
--- PAGE 25 ---
that it is not purchasing an Interest as a result of or subsequent to (i) 
any advertisement, article, notice or 
other communications published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media 
(including any Internet site 
that is not password protected) or broadcast over television or radio, or 
(ii) any seminar or meeting whose 
attendees, including the Investor, had been invited as a result of, 
subsequent to or pursuant to the foregoing, 
but rather, that it is purchasing an Interest as a result of private 
negotiations in an arm's length transaction. 
(aa) 
Sanctions and Anti-Money Laundering. The Investor hereby acknowledges that 
the Partnership and the Underlying Fund seek to comply with all applicable 
sanctions imposed under the 
laws, regulations or executive orders administered and enforced by the U.S. 
Treasury Department's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the U.S. Department of State or the U.S. 
Department of Commerce, 
or similar sanctions imposed by the United Nations Security Council, the 
European Union, and Her 
Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom ("Sanctions"), and all other 
applicable laws concerning money 
laundering and related activities. In furtherance of those efforts, the 
Investor, on behalf of (i) itself, (ii) any 
person it controls or is controlled by (as defined below in this Section 
2(aa)), (iii) if the Investor is a 
privately held entity, any person having a beneficial interest in the 
Investor, (iv) if the Investor will not be 
the sole beneficial owner of the Interest, any person having a beneficial 
interest in the Interest, (v) and any 
disclosed or undisclosed principal for which the Investor is acting as a 
nominee or other type of agent, 
certifies, based on appropriate diligence and investigation (the foregoing, 
"Investor-Related Parties"), that: 
(1) 
neither it, nor any Investor-Related Party or any other person or entity of 
whom it 
is acting on behalf, is: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397361
--- PAGE 26 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(A) 
named on any prohibited lists maintained by the U.S. or UK government, 
including, but not limited to, the OFAC list of Specially Designated 
Nationals and Blocked Persons or other similar list of sanctioned persons, 
entities or jurisdiction designated by the General Partner from time to time; 
(ii) an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or 
is 
organized under the laws of, a country or territory that is subject to 
Sanctions that broadly prohibit dealings with that country or territory; or 
(iii) is otherwise a country, territory, entity or individual with whom 
dealings are restricted or prohibited by Sanctions (any such country, 
territory, entity or individual described in this paragraph (A), a 
"Sanctioned Party"); 
(B) 
a country, territory or entity that (i) has been designated as noncooperative 
with international anti-money laundering principles or 
procedures by an intergovernmental group or organization, such as the 
Financial Action Task Force ("FATF"), of which the United States is a 
member; (ii) is the subject of an advisory issued by the Financial Crimes 
Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department; or (iii) has been 
designated by the Secretary of the Treasury under Section 311 of the USA 
PATRIOT Act as warranting special measures due to money laundering 
concerns (any such country or territory, a "Non-cooperative Jurisdiction"), 
or an entity or individual that resides or has a place of business in, or is 
organized under the laws of, a Non-cooperative Jurisdiction; 
(C) 
(D) 
a senior foreign political figure3 
or any immediate family4 
associates of a senior foreign political figure; or 
a "foreign shell bank", which is a foreign bank that does not have a 
physical presence in any country. (The term "foreign shell bank" does not 
include any bank that (i) is an affiliate of a depository institution, credit 
union, or foreign bank that maintains a physical presence in the United 
States or a foreign country, and (ii) is subject to supervision by a banking 
authority in the country regulating the affiliated depository institution, 
credit union, or foreign bank described in (i) above.) 
(2) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will 
contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived or originated from, routed 
through 
or otherwise related to, any Sanctioned Party or foreign shell bank or any 
activity 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; (B) no cash, property or item of value 
that 
A "senior foreign political figure" is a current or former senior official 
in the executive, legislative, 
administrative, military or judicial branches of a foreign government 
EFTA01397362
--- PAGE 27 ---
(whether elected or not), a senior official 
of a major foreign political party, or a senior executive of a foreign 
government-owned commercial 
enterprise. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, a "senior official" 
is an individual with substantial 
authority over policy, operations or the use of government-owned resources. 
In addition, a "senior foreign 
political figure" includes any corporation, business or other entity that 
has been formed by, or for the benefit 
of, a senior foreign political figure. 
"Immediate family" of a senior foreign political figure includes the 
figure's parents, siblings, spouse, children 
and in-laws. 
A "close associate" of a senior foreign political figure is a person who is 
widely and publicly known (or 
actually known by the Subscriber) to maintain an unusually close personal or 
professional relationship with 
the senior foreign political figure. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
or close 
EFTA01397363
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Investor receives from the Partnership will be used in any transaction or 
manner 
that is prohibited under Sanctions; and (C) no Sanctioned Party will have 
any legal 
or beneficial interest in the Investor or the Investor's Interest; 
(3) 
none of the cash or property that the Investor has paid, will pay or will 
contribute 
to the Partnership has been or shall be derived from, or related to, any 
activity that 
is deemed criminal under United States or UK law or the law of the 
jurisdiction in 
which such activity took place, and (B) no part of the proceeds of the 
Investor's 
investment in the Partnership will be used to finance any such unlawful 
activities; 
(4) 
no contribution or payment by the Investor to the Partnership, to the extent 
that 
they are within the Investor's control, and no distribution from the 
Partnership to 
the Investor (assuming such distribution is made in accordance with 
instructions 
provided by the Investor) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner 
to be 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the Uniting and Strengthening America by 
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act 
of 
2001, the criminal money laundering provisions set forth in Title 18 of the 
United 
States Code or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws or 
regulations, in 
each case as amended and any successor statute thereto and including all 
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering 
Laws"); or Sanctions; and 
(5) 
if the Investor is a fund of funds or other entity investing on behalf of 
third parties, 
(i) the Investor is in compliance in all material respects with all 
applicable AntiMoney 
Laundering Laws and Sanctions, (ii) the Investor has anti-money 
laundering policies and procedures in place reasonably designed to verify the 
identity of its beneficial owners and/or underlying investors and their 
sources of 
funds and to confirm that no beneficial owner and/or underlying investor is 
a party 
with whom a U.S. person is prohibited from dealing under applicable 
Sanctions, 
and (iii) the Investor has established the identities of and conducted 
EFTA01397364
--- PAGE 29 ---
thorough due 
diligence with respect to all of its beneficial owners and/or underlying 
investors 
who beneficially own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more of the Investor or 
invested funds. For purposes of this Section 2(aa), "controlling party" 
means any 
person or entity who owns more than 50% of the economic interest in another 
person or entity or controls the board of directors or similar governing 
body, the 
day-to-day operations or material business decisions of such other person or 
entity. 
In the event that the Investor should learn after executing this 
Subscription Agreement that any of the 
representations made in this Section 2(aa) either was not at the time of 
execution, or is no longer, accurate, 
the Investor agrees to promptly inform the General Partner in writing of 
such inaccuracy. The Investor 
further agrees to promptly provide to the General Partner any additional 
information regarding the Investor 
or its beneficial owners that the General Partner deems necessary or 
convenient to ensure compliance with 
all applicable laws concerning money laundering and similar activities. The 
Investor understands and 
agrees that if at any time it is discovered that any of the foregoing 
representations are incorrect, or if 
otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or administrative 
pronouncement related to money 
laundering and similar activities, the General Partner may undertake 
appropriate actions to ensure 
compliance with applicable laws, regulations and administrative 
pronouncements, including, but not limited 
to those actions described in the Partnership Agreement The Investor 
further understands that the 
Partnership or General Partner may release confidential information about 
the Investor and, if applicable, 
any underlying beneficial owners, to proper authorities or the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund if the 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397365
--- PAGE 30 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, determines that it is in the best 
interests of the Partnership in light of 
relevant rules, regulations and administrative pronouncements under the laws 
set forth in this Section 2(aa). 
(bb) Confidentiality. 
The Investor shall maintain the confidentiality of (i) the 
Non-Public Information (as defined below) and (ii) any information subject 
to a confidentiality agreement 
binding upon the General Partner, the Partnership or the Investment Manager 
and made known to the 
Investor; provided that the Investor may disclose Non-Public Information to 
(A) its officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional 
advisors or (B) to the extent the 
Investor is required to disclose such Non-Public Information by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or other 
governmental authority or otherwise as required by law, provided that (x) in 
the case of clause (A), such 
persons are notified in advance of the confidential nature of such Non-
Public Information, and who are, 
either by the nature of their positions or duties or pursuant to written 
agreement, subject to substantially 
equivalent restrictions and (y) in the case of clause (B), the Limited 
Partner promptly, and in any event 
prior to making any such disclosure, notifies the General Partner of the 
court order, subpoena, 
interrogatories, government order or other reason that requires disclosure 
of the Partnership Information so 
that the General Partner may seek a protective order or other remedy to 
protect the confidentiality of the 
Non-Public Information or other appropriate remedy. As used in this Section 
2(bb), "Non-Public 
Information" means Partnership Information, but does not include information 
that (i) becomes publicly 
available (other than by reason of a disclosure by the Investor) or (ii) the 
disclosure of which has been 
consented to by the General Partner in writing. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that 
Non-Public Information contains trade secrets and is proprietary and 
understands that the disclosure of such 
Non-Public Information is not in the best interest of the Partnership or the 
Underlying Fund and the 
disclosure of such Non-Public Information would cause substantial harm and 
damages to the Partnership, 
the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Investor and the 
Investor's employees, representatives and other agents, may disclose to 
their professional advisors 
(including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or to the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Service or 
EFTA01397366
--- PAGE 31 ---
other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal and state income and franchise 
tax treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure 
of the transactions contemplated 
hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to the 
Investor relating to such tax treatment or tax structure insofar as such 
treatment and/or structure relates to 
a U.S. federal or state income or franchise tax strategy provided to the 
Investor, provided, however, that the 
Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall not 
disclose any other information 
that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of 
such transaction (including the 
identity of the party and any information that could lead another to 
determine the identity of any party) or 
any other information to the extent that such disclosure could reasonably 
result in violation of any U.S. 
federal or state securities law. 
(cc) FOIA. Except to the extent otherwise disclosed to the General Partner 
and 
acknowledged by the General Partner in writing prior to its admission to the 
Partnership, the Investor 
represents that it is not a FOIA Partner (as defined herein). The Investor 
agrees to provide prompt written 
notice to the General Partner if at any time during the term of the 
Partnership (i) it becomes a FOIA Partner, 
or (ii) it becomes aware of any reason, whether under law, regulation, 
policy or otherwise, that it or any of 
its equity holders will, or might become compelled to, use the Partnership 
Information other than as 
contemplated by Section 14.8.8 of the Partnership Agreement or disclose 
Partnership Information in 
violation of the confidentiality restrictions in Section 14.7.8 of the 
Partnership Agreement. For purposes 
of this Agreement, a "FOIA Partner" shall mean any Investor that is (A) 
directly or indirectly subject to 
either section 552(a) of Title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the 
"Freedom of Information 
Act") or any similar federal, state, county or municipal public disclosure 
law, whether foreign or domestic; 
(B) subject, by regulation, contract or otherwise, to disclose Partnership 
Information to a trading exchange 
or other market where interests in such person are sold or traded, whether 
foreign or domestic; (C) required 
to or will likely be required to disclose Partnership Information to a 
governmental body, agency or 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397367
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
committee (including, without limitation, any disclosures required in 
accordance with the U.S. Ethics in 
Government Act of 1978, as amended, and any rules and regulations of any 
executive, legislative or 
judiciary organization), whether foreign or domestic, by virtue of such 
person's (or any of its Affiliate's) 
current or proposed involvement in government office; (D) an agent, nominee, 
fiduciary, custodian or 
trustee for any person described in the preceding clauses (A) through (C) 
where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such person by the Partnership or the General 
Partner is provided or could at any 
time become available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) 
through (C); or (E) an 
investment fund or other entity that has any person described in the 
preceding clauses (A) through (C) as a 
partner, member or other beneficial owner where Partnership Information 
provided or disclosed to such 
person by or on behalf of the Partnership or the General Partner is 
disclosed to or could at any time become 
available to such person described by the preceding clauses (A) through (C). 
(dd) Underlying Fund; No Recourse. The Investor hereby acknowledges and 
agrees 
that the Investor shall not be a limited partner of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an 
English private fund limited partnership, shall have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund and shall have 
no voting rights in the Underlying Fund. The Investor hereby acknowledges 
and agrees that the Investor 
shall have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Underlying Fund Manager"), their respective Affiliates or any of their 
respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners or members. The Investor understands and 
acknowledges that the Underlying 
Fund Manager will have confidential information relating to the Underlying 
Fund and its investments that 
has not been disclosed to the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Partnership or the Investors. 
The Investor hereby waives all rights it may now have or hereinafter acquire 
against such parties arising 
out of or in connection with such non-disclosure of such confidential 
information. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges and agrees that (i) the Underlying Fund Manager is not 
responsible for the formation or 
operation of the Partnership; (ii) the Underlying Fund Manager has no 
responsibility with respect to any 
document relating to the Partnership and has not prepared any such 
documents, including, without 
limitation, the Memorandum (excluding the Confidential Private Placement 
EFTA01397368
--- PAGE 33 ---
Memorandum of the 
Underlying Fund attached to the Memorandum); and (iii) the Underlying Fund 
Manager does not owe any 
duties, including fiduciary duties, to any investor or potential investor in 
the Partnership or shall bear any 
liability in connection with the offering and sale of Interests. The 
Underlying Fund Manager shall be a 
third-party beneficiary of this Section 2(dd). The Investor (A) acknowledges 
that in addition to the fees 
and carried interest payable by the Partnership to the Underlying Fund, it 
will be subject to certain additional 
fees and expenses of the Partnership (including Management Fees and 
Partnership Expenses, as described 
in the Memorandum and the Partnership Agreement) that it would not otherwise 
be subject to as a direct 
investor in the Underlying Fund, and (B) agrees that it will not bring, and 
will not threaten to bring, an 
action or claim against the Underlying Fund or the Underlying Fund Manager 
as an investor in the 
Partnership or in connection with its interest in the Partnership; provided, 
that, to the extent that such 
agreement is deemed to waive compliance with the Securities Act or the 
Exchange Act, such waiver is void. 
The Investor further acknowledges that the Investment Manager does not have 
the power to bind or commit 
the Underlying Fund, the Underlying Fund Manager or any of their respective 
affiliates. 
(ee) Plan Investor Representations. If the Investor is a "Plan 
Investor" (i.e., (1) any 
U.S. pension or other employee benefit plan or trust subject to Title I of 
the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement 
plans); (2) any U.S. plan or 
account subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) any entity deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans 
described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds that manage ERISA assets); and (4) any 
fiduciary that otherwise manages or 
handles the assets of any of the plans or entities described in Items 1-3) 
then the Investor and the person 
executing the Agreement on behalf of the Investor (the "Investor 
Fiduciary"), both in its individual and 
fiduciary capacity, agree, represent, warrant and acknowledge that: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397369
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(1) 
the terms of the Partnership Agreement, including all exhibits and 
attachments 
thereto, comply with the Investor's governing instruments and applicable laws 
governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly advise the General 
Partner 
in writing of any changes in any governing law or any regulations or 
interpretations 
thereunder affecting the duties, responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the 
Partnership, the General Partner or any of their respective partners, 
members, 
employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents or Affiliates; 
(2) 
(a) pursuant to the Partnership Agreement, the General Partner has the power 
and 
discretion to make all investment decisions in accordance with the terms of 
the 
Partnership Agreement, (b) neither the General Partner or iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
(collectively, "iCapital"), nor any of their Affiliates, is undertaking to 
provide 
investment advice (impartial or otherwise), or give advice in a fiduciary 
capacity, 
in connection with the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership, or to give advice in any fiduciary capacity 
for 
purposes of ERISA, as defined below, or the Code, as defined below, unless 
otherwise agreed to in writing, and (c) the Memorandum, including all 
appendices 
thereto, and the marketing of the Partnership by the General Partner and its 
Affiliates does not constitute a recommendation or investment advice; 
(3) 
the Investor Fiduciary is responsible for exercising independent judgment in 
evaluating the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or 
withdraw from, 
the Partnership; is qualified to make such investment decision and to the 
extent it 
deems necessary has consulted its own investment advisers and legal counsel 
regarding the investment in the Partnership; 
(4) 
(5) 
in making its decision to invest in the Partnership, neither the Investor 
nor the 
Investor Fiduciary has relied on any advice or recommendation of the 
Partnership, 
iCapital or any of their Affiliates; 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary have studied the Partnership's 
governing 
documents, the Partnership's investment management agreement, if any, the 
EFTA01397370
--- PAGE 35 ---
Memorandum, and iCapital's Form ADV, understand the Partnership's investment 
objectives, policies and strategies and the risks, conflicts of interests 
(including, 
without limitation, the existence and nature of the financial interests of 
the General 
Partner and its Affiliates relating to the Investor's proposed investment in 
the 
Partnership), and other considerations relating to an investment in the 
Partnership 
described therein, and understands that there may be other risks and 
conflicts of 
interest applicable to the Interests in addition to those described therein, 
and have 
made an independent decision to invest in the Partnership solely on the 
basis of 
such documents and without reliance on any other information or statements 
as to 
the appropriateness of the investment for the Investor; 
(6) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary are capable of evaluating investment 
risks 
independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and 
investment strategies, including the decision to invest in, continue 
holding, or 
withdraw from, the Partnership; 
(7) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree 
that 
the existence and nature of any financial interest of iCapital and its 
Affiliates have 
been disclosed in the Partnership's governing documents, the Partnership's 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397371
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
investment management agreement, if any, the Memorandum, and/or iCapital's 
Form ADV; 
(8) 
the Investor Fiduciary has carefully reviewed and understands the various 
risks of 
an investment in the Partnership, as well as the fees and conflicts of 
interest to 
which the Partnership is subject, as set forth in the Memorandum, and has 
concluded that the proposed purchase of an Interest is consistent with 
applicable 
fiduciary responsibilities under ERISA and other applicable law, if any; 
(9) 
(10) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary hereby consent and agree to the 
payment 
of the fees so described to the parties identified as the recipients 
thereof, and to 
such conflicts of interest; 
neither the Investor nor the Investor Fiduciary are in any way affiliated 
with (i.e., 
do not own or control, are not owned or controlled by, nor are under common 
ownership or control with) any person or entity which will receive 
compensation, 
directly or indirectly, from the Partnership, as specifically identified and 
described 
in the Memorandum; 
(11) 
the Investor and the Investor Fiduciary understand, acknowledge and agree 
that 
neither iCapital nor any of its Affiliates, nor any director, officer, 
member, partner, 
employee, principal or agent of iCapital or any of its Affiliates receives a 
fee or 
other compensation from the Investor or, if applicable, the Investor 
Fiduciary for 
the provision of investment advice (rather than other services) in 
connection with 
the Investor's decision to invest in, continue holding, or withdraw from, the 
Partnership (as opposed to a fee for actually managing the assets of the 
Partnership 
or providing services to the Partnership); 
(12) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation of the 
transactions contemplated thereunder will not result in a breach or 
violation of any 
charter or organizational documents pursuant to which the Investor was 
formed or 
is governed, or any statute, rule, regulation or order of any court or 
governmental 
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Investor or any of its assets, 
EFTA01397372
--- PAGE 37 ---
or in any 
material respect, any mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement or instrument 
to 
which the Investor is a party or otherwise subject; 
(13) 
the Investor Fiduciary has been given the opportunity to discuss the 
Investor's 
investment in the Partnership, and the structure and operation of the 
Partnership 
with the General Partner, and has been given all documents and information 
that 
the Investor has reasonably requested regarding the Partnership; 
(14) 
the Investor Fiduciary is either (a) a bank as defined in Section 202 of the 
Advisers 
Act or similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to 
periodic 
examination by a State or Federal agency; (b) an insurance carrier which is 
qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of "plan assets"; (c) an 
investment 
adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered an as 
investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of Paragraph (1) of Section 203A of 
such 
Act, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of a State 
(referred to in 
such paragraph (1)) in which the Plan Investor maintains its principal 
office and 
place of business; (d) a broker-dealer registered under the Securities 
Exchange Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397373
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
of 1934; and/or (e) an independent fiduciary that holds, or has under 
management 
or control, total assets of at least $50 million (provided that this clause 
(e) shall not 
be satisfied if the Investor Fiduciary is either (i) the owner or a relative 
of the owner 
of an investing IRA or (ii) a participant or beneficiary of the Plan 
Investor investing 
in such capacity); 
(15) 
(16) 
(17) 
(18) 
(19) 
(20) 
the Investor Fiduciary is a fiduciary of the Investor within the meaning of 
ERISA 
and/or the Code with respect to the Investor's proposed purchase of an 
Interest; 
the Investor Fiduciary is independent of iCapital and its Affiliates, in 
that it has no 
relationship to, or interest in, any of the foregoing persons that might 
affect the 
exercise of its best judgment as a fiduciary; 
the Investor Fiduciary has the discretionary authority to make the proposed 
purchase of an Interest and, by executing this Agreement, has so exercised 
that 
authority exclusively; 
the funds so constituting plan assets have been identified in writing to the 
General 
Partner; 
the Investor's proposed purchase of an Interest is permissible under the 
documents 
governing the investment of such plan assets; 
in making the proposed purchase of an Interest, the Investor and the Investor 
Fiduciary are aware of and have taken into consideration the diversification 
requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA or other applicable law, if any, 
and 
the decision to invest plan assets in the Partnership is consistent with such 
provisions; 
(21) 
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and the acquisition and 
redemption 
of the Interest, either (a) is not a prohibited transaction under ERISA or 
the Code, 
or (b) is exempt from the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of 
ERISA 
and Section 4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of a Department of Labor 
Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption or some other exemption of such rules; 
(22) 
EFTA01397374
--- PAGE 39 ---
if the Investor is an employee benefit plan subject to the fiduciary 
provisions of 
Title I of ERISA with total assets of less than $50 million or an individual 
retirement account, Keogh plan and/or other plan subject to Section 4975 of 
the 
Code that is not subject to the fiduciary provisions of ERISA (or if the 
Investor is 
an entity whose underlying assets include the assets of such an account or 
plan), 
none of the Partnership, the General Partner or any of their Affiliates has 
had any 
interaction, contact or discussions with the Investor, other than through the 
Investor Fiduciary, relating in any way to the investment by the Investor; 
(23) 
to the extent the Investor is an individual retirement account, Keogh plan 
and/or 
other plan subject to Section 4975 of the Code that is not subject to the 
fiduciary 
provisions of ERISA (or if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include 
the assets of such an account or plan), (a) the Investor Fiduciary is not 
the "IRA 
owner" (within the meaning of Department of Labor Regulations Section 
2510.321(g)(5)) 
of the Investor (or, if the Investor is an entity whose underlying assets 
include the assets of an individual retirement account, the Investor 
Fiduciary is not 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397375
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
the "IRA owner" of such an individual retirement account), and (b) to the 
extent 
the Investor's Interest is being held by a custodian, (x) the General 
Partner may, 
without further instruction or consent of the Investor or any beneficial 
owner of 
the Investor, re-register the Investor's Interests in the name of the 
beneficial owner 
of such Investor upon instruction provided by such custodian that it is no 
longer 
willing to retain custody or act as custodian for the Investor's Interests 
and the 
Investor has not simultaneously provided a substitute custodian for such 
individual 
retirement account, and (y) such re-registration may have adverse 
consequences to 
the beneficial owner of such individual retirement account; 
(24) 
if the Investor is acquiring an Interest with the assets of the general 
account of an 
insurance company, the Investor represents, warrants and covenants that on 
each 
day the Investor owns an Interest either (a) the assets of such general 
account are 
not considered to be plan assets within the meaning of Department of Labor 
Regulations Section 2510.3-101 or Department of Labor regulations issued 
pursuant to Section 401(c)(1)(A) of ERISA, or (b) the execution and delivery 
of 
this Agreement, and the acquisition and redemption of the Interest, is 
exempt from 
the prohibited transaction rules of Section 406(a) of ERISA and Section 
4975(c)(1)(A)—(D) of the Code by virtue of Department of Labor Prohibited 
Transaction Class Exemption 95-60 or some other exemption of such rules; 
(25) 
by signing this Agreement, each Investor that is either a Plan Investor or 
using the 
assets of an insurance company general account hereby covenants that if, 
after its 
initial acquisition of an Interest, at any time during any month the 
percentage of 
the assets of such general account (as reasonably determined by the 
Investor) or 
Plan Investor, as applicable, that constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code exceeds the percentage specified by the 
Investor in Question 4(a) of Exhibit B or Question 2 of Exhibit E, then such 
Investor shall promptly notify the General Partner of such occurrence in 
writing; 
and 
(26) The Investor agrees that the foregoing acknowledgements and 
EFTA01397376
--- PAGE 41 ---
representations 
shall be deemed continuing acknowledgements and representations, and the 
Investor shall immediately notify the Partnership in writing if any of such 
acknowledgements or representations becomes untrue or materially misleading. 
(ff) Non-U.S. Employee Benefit Plans. If the investment in the Interest is 
being 
made on behalf of an employee benefit plan maintained outside of the United 
States primarily for 
the benefit of persons substantially all of whom are nonresident aliens (as 
described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA), (i) there is no provision in the instruments governing 
such plan or any federal, 
state or local or foreign law, rule, regulation or constitutional provision 
applicable to the plan that 
could in any respect affect the operation of the Partnership by the General 
Partner or prohibit any 
action contemplated by the operational documents and related disclosure of 
the Partnership, 
including, without limitation, the investments which may be made pursuant to 
the Partnership's 
investment strategies, the concentration of investments for the Partnership 
and the payment by the 
plan of incentive or other fees, and (ii) the plan's investment in the 
Partnership will not conflict 
with or violate the instruments governing such plan or any federal, state or 
local or foreign law, 
rule, regulation or constitutional provision applicable to the plan. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397377
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Closing and Capital Contributions. 
(a) 
The closing of the sale and purchase of the Interest (the "Closing") shall 
take place 
on such date and at such time and place as shall be selected by the General 
Partner. The initial capital 
contribution for the purchase of the Investor's Interest as well as each 
additional capital contribution shall 
take place at such times and in the manner specified in the Partnership 
Agreement. 
(b) 
The Investor hereby directs the Investment Manager of the Partnership to 
invest 
all of the funds contributed to the Partnership by the Investor (except to 
the extent such assets are used to 
pay expenses or used for other purposes pursuant to the terms of the 
Partnership Agreement). The Investor's 
act of making any subsequent contributions to, or its purchase of any 
additional Interest in, the Partnership 
will be evidence of the Investor's reaffirmation of this direction. 
4. 
Agreements with Other Limited Partners. The purchases of the Interest by the 
Investor 
and interests in the Partnership by the other Limited Partners are to be 
separate purchases from the 
Partnership and the sales of the Interest to the Investor and interests in 
the Partnership to the other Limited 
Partners are to be separate sales by the Partnership. This Agreement and the 
subscription agreements to be 
executed by such other Limited Partners are sometimes collectively referred 
to herein as the "Subscription 
Agreements." 
Representations and Warranties of the Partnership and the General Partner. 
The 
Partnership and the General Partner hereby represent and warrant to the 
Investor that at the time of the 
Closing: 
(a) Organization and Standing of the Partnership. The Partnership is duly 
organized and validly existing as a limited partnership under the Delaware 
Revised Uniform Limited 
Partnership Act, as amended (the "Delaware Act") and has all requisite power 
and authority under the 
Partnership Agreement and the Delaware Act to enter into and carry out the 
terms of this Agreement, to 
conduct its activities as described in the Partnership Agreement, to issue 
and sell the Interest and to admit 
the Investor to the Partnership. 
(b) Governmental and Regulatory Approval. Neither the execution and delivery 
EFTA01397378
--- PAGE 43 ---
of 
this Agreement, nor the offer or sale of the Interest, requires any material 
consent, approval or authorization 
from, or filing, registration or qualification with, any United States 
federal, state or local governmental or 
regulatory authority (including, without limitation, registration under the 
Securities Act), on the part of the 
Partnership, except for (i) compliance by the Partnership and the General 
Partner with the requirements of 
any applicable United States state securities laws, and (ii) filing by the 
Partnership of a Form D with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") pursuant to Regulation D. 
(c) 
Sale of the Interests. All action required to be taken by the General 
Partner and 
the Partnership as a condition to the sale of the Interest purchased by the 
Investor has been taken, and the 
Investor will be a Limited Partner of the Partnership entitled to all the 
benefits, and subject to all the 
obligations, of a Limited Partner under the Partnership Agreement and the 
Delaware Act. 
(d) Due Execution and Delivery. This Agreement has been duly executed and 
delivered by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership and, assuming 
the due authorization, execution 
and delivery thereof by the Investor, is a valid and binding obligation of 
the Partnership, enforceable against 
it in accordance with its terms. The Partnership Agreement has been duly 
executed and delivered by the 
General Partner and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery 
thereof by the Limited 
Partners, is a valid and binding obligation of the General Partner, 
enforceable against the General Partner 
in accordance with its terms. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397379
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(e) 
Investment Company Act Status. Based in part upon the representations of the 
Limited Partners contained in the Subscription Agreements, the Partnership 
is not required to be registered 
as an "investment company" within the meaning of the Investment Company Act, 
after giving effect to the 
transactions contemplated in the Partnership Agreement. 
Power of Attorney. 
(a) 
The Investor hereby appoints Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC (the "General Partner") and iCapital Advisors, LLC (and any substitute 
or successor thereto) (the 
"Investment Manager") as its true and lawful attorneys (collectively, the 
"Attorneys") in its name, place 
and stead, (i) to receive and pay over to the General Partner on behalf and 
at the direction of the Investor, 
to the extent set forth in this Subscription Agreement, all funds received 
hereunder, (ii) to complete or 
correct, on behalf of the Investor, all documents to be executed by the 
Investor in connection with the 
Investor's subscription for an Interest, including, without limitation, 
filling in or amending amounts, dates 
and other pertinent information required in this Subscription Agreement; 
(iii) to act on behalf of such 
Investor with respect to any of the actions that may be taken against it as 
a Limited Partner in the event of 
a default by such Limited Partner, as described in the Memorandum; and (iv) 
as applicable, to make, 
execute, sign, acknowledge and deliver or file for and on behalf of the 
Investor, and in its name, place and 
stead (A) the Partnership Agreement and any amendment, modification or 
change to such agreement; (B) 
the agreement of limited partnership and any amendment, modification or 
change to such agreement of any 
parallel investment entity or feeder fund established in accordance with the 
provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement; (C) any agreements or other documents relating to the obligations 
of the Partnership, as limited 
and defined in the Partnership Agreement; (D) any other certificate, 
consent, or other instrument which may 
be required by law to be filed by the Partnership or the partners thereof 
under the laws of any country, 
territory, state or other jurisdiction, if the Attorney deems such filing 
necessary or desirable, in each case 
said signature thereon on behalf of the Investor being conclusive evidence 
of the approval of the Investor 
of the terms thereof. 
(b) 
The foregoing grant of authority (1) is a special power of attorney deemed 
EFTA01397380
--- PAGE 45 ---
coupled 
with an interest in favor of the Attorney and as such shall be irrevocable 
and shall survive the death or 
disability of a Limited Partner that is a natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the 
existence of a Limited Partner that is a corporation, association, 
partnership, limited liability company or 
trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by the Limited Partner of the 
whole or any portion of its Interest, 
except that where the assignee of the whole thereof has furnished a power of 
attorney, this power of attorney 
shall survive such assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the Attorneys 
to execute, acknowledge and 
file any instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the 
assignee for the assignor as a 
Limited Partner and shall thereafter terminate. The Investor hereby 
acknowledges that it and each other 
Limited Partner has executed this special power of attorney, and that each 
Limited Partner will rely on the 
effectiveness of such powers with a view to the orderly administration of 
the Partnership's affairs. 
Expenses. Each party hereto will pay its own expenses relating to this 
Agreement and the 
purchase of the Investor's Interest in the Partnership hereunder. 
Amendments. Neither this Agreement nor any term hereof may be changed, 
waived, 
discharged or terminated except with the written consent of the Investor and 
the General Partner. 
9. 
Reduction or Rejection of Subscription. The Investor acknowledges that the 
subscription for the Interest contained herein may be reduced or rejected by 
the General Partner in its sole 
discretion at any time prior to the Closing. No subscription shall be deemed 
accepted, and the Investor 
shall not become a Limited Partner, until the subscription has been accepted 
in writing and, if necessary, 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397381
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
any subsequent acts including issuance of the Interest have been taken, 
which shall be deemed an 
acceptance of this Agreement by the Partnership for all purposes. 
10. Confirmation of Representations; Additional Investor Information. 
(a) 
The Investor understands that the information provided herein (including the 
exhibits hereto) will be relied upon by the Partnership and the General 
Partner for the purpose of 
determining the eligibility of the Investor to purchase the Interest. The 
Investor agrees to provide, if 
requested, any additional information that may reasonably be required to 
determine (i) the eligibility of the 
Investor to purchase or hold the Interest and participate in its investment 
in the Underlying Fund, (ii) the 
Partnership's or the General Partner's compliance with applicable regulatory 
(including tax and ERISA) 
requirements or (iii) the Partnership's tax status. The Investor represents 
and agrees that the information 
provided herein (including the exhibits hereto) regarding the Investor is 
true and correct as of the date it 
executes this Agreement and will be true and correct as of the Closing and 
as of the date of each capital 
contribution by the Investor to the Partnership. Without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing, if there 
should be any change in the information provided herein or in any exhibit or 
schedule hereto regarding the 
Investor prior to the Closing or at any time during the term of the 
Partnership, the Investor will immediately 
furnish revised or corrected information to the General Partner in writing. 
The Investor will furnish to the 
Partnership, upon request, any other information about the Investor 
reasonably determined by the General 
Partner to be necessary or convenient for the formation, operation, 
dissolution, winding up or termination 
of the Partnership; provided that such other information is in the 
Investor's possession or is available to the 
Investor without unreasonable effort or expense. In addition, the Investor 
acknowledges and agrees that it 
will upon request be required to complete and submit to the Partnership and/-
or the General Partner a 
questionnaire regarding Disqualifying Events. The Investor further 
understands and acknowledges that the 
Underlying Fund may be offered in reliance on Rule 506 and the Partnership 
may be required to make 
representations to the Underlying Fund Manager that the Partnership and its 
beneficial owners and certain 
Affiliates have not been subject to a Disqualifying Event. The Investor 
further understands and 
acknowledges that the Partnership may take any steps it deems reasonably 
necessary to comply with the 
EFTA01397382
--- PAGE 47 ---
conditions set forth in Rule 506 under the Securities Act applicable to the 
offering and sale of the Interest 
(including, but not limited to, compulsorily redeeming all or a portion of 
the Interest held by the Investor 
or requiring the Investor to waive all or a portion of its voting power with 
respect to the Partnership). 
(b) 
If the Investor holds a wealth management or similar account with its 
Financial 
Advisor (a "Financial Advisor Account"), the Investor may agree that all 
Capital Contributions and 
distributions will be made through such Financial Advisor Account pursuant 
to a letter of authorization; 
provided that the Investor understands that if it closes such Financial 
Advisor Account during the term of 
the Partnership such Financial Advisor shall be permitted to provide the 
General Partner or the 
Administrator with such documentation obtained from the Investor with 
respect to identification 
verification information or other information required by anti-money 
laundering or other governmental 
regulations and if the General Partner or the Administrator is unable to 
obtain this information from the 
Financial Advisor or the Investor, the General Partner may "freeze" the 
Investor's Interest, either by 
prohibiting additional Capital Contributions or distributions or declining 
any transfer request. 
11. 
Indemnity. The Investor agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Partnership, the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager, any Affiliate of the Partnership, 
the General Partner or the 
Investment Manager and any director, officer, partner, member, manager, 
employee, or agent of any such 
party (the "Indemnitees"), from and against any loss, damage, or liability 
(a) due to or arising out of a 
breach of any representation or warranty (including any misrepresentation 
made by the Investor with 
respect to the matters about which representations and warranties are 
required) or any failure to fulfill any 
covenants or agreements of the Investor contained in this Agreement 
(including the exhibits hereto) or in 
any other documents provided by the Investor to the Partnership, the General 
Partner or the Investment 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397383
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Manager in connection with the Investor's investment in the Partnership or 
(b) arising as a result of the sale 
or distribution of the Interest by the Investor in violation of the 
Securities Act or other applicable law. 
12. 
Withholding Forms; Additional Information. 
(a) 
The Investor represents, warrants and agrees (for the benefit of the 
Partnership and 
of any Person that participated in the offer or sale of the Interest) that 
it will provide in a timely manner 
such information regarding the Investor and its beneficial owners and forms 
as requested by the General 
Partner, including (i) a properly completed Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") 
Tax Form W-8BEN, W8BEN-E, 
W-8IMY, W-8EXP or W-8ECI (each, a foreign person certificate) or W-9 (a U.S. 
person 
certificate), as appropriate, (ii) any forms requested by the General 
Partner to comply with the Partnership's 
obligations under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, all rules, regulations and 
other guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial 
interpretations thereof, any agreements 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code, and all applicable 
intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United States and 
another country (or local country 
legislation enacted pursuant to such intergovernmental agreement) 
(collectively "FATCA") and the OECD 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information — Common 
Reporting Standard (the 
"CRS"), including any local or intergovernmental legislation, regulation or 
guidance that has been adopted 
to implement CRS, and (iii) the forms of any other national, provincial, 
state, local or other taxing authority, 
and shall cooperate with the General Partner upon its request in order to 
maintain appropriate records and 
provide for withholding amounts under applicable tax laws, if any, relating 
to the Investor's Interest in the 
Partnership, and, further, in the event that the Investor fails to provide 
such information and/or forms, the 
General Partner, the Partnership and their respective direct or indirect 
partners, members, managers, 
officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers and their 
Affiliates shall have no obligation or 
liability to the Investor with respect to any tax matters or obligations 
that may be assessed against the 
Investor or its beneficial owners. The Investor expressly acknowledges that 
such tax forms and withholding 
information may be provided to any withholding agent that has control, 
EFTA01397384
--- PAGE 49 ---
receipt or custody of the income of 
which the Investor is the beneficial owner or any withholding agent that can 
disburse or make payments of 
the income of which the Investor is the beneficial owner. Notwithstanding 
anything in this Agreement or 
in the Partnership Agreement to the contrary, the Investor hereby waives the 
application of any non-U.S. 
law to the extent such law would prevent the Partnership or the General 
Partner from reporting to the IRS 
and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental authority any information 
required to be reported 
pursuant to FATCA or CRS with respect to the Investor or its beneficial 
owners. 
(b) 
In addition to any information required to be provided pursuant to Section 
12(a) 
above, the Investor covenants and agrees to provide promptly, and update 
periodically, at any times 
requested by the General Partner, any information (or verification thereof) 
the General Partner deems 
necessary to comply with audit requirements, adjustments and compliance 
imposed under Code §§ 6225 
and 6226. 
13. 
Electronic Schedule K-1. The Investor hereby consents to receive Schedule K-1 
electronically (the "Consent") from the Partnership. The Investor 
acknowledges and agrees that: 
(a) Any Investor that does not Consent will be provided with a paper copy of 
Schedule 
K-1, which will be mailed to the Investor's address on file with the 
Partnership, and the Investor will pay 
all costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, assembly and 
delivery of such Schedule K-1. 
Failure to pay such costs and expenses shall constitute a default pursuant 
to the Partnership Agreement. All 
Investors that Consent will receive Schedule K-ls only in electronic form. 
(b) 
The Consent applies to each Schedule K-1 required to be furnished to the 
Investor 
by the Partnership unless and until a formal withdrawal of Consent is 
received by the Partnership. The 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397385
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Investor may formally withdraw Consent by writing (electronically or on 
paper) to Investor Relations at 
iCapital Network, 60 East 42nd Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY, 10165, or 
by e-mail at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. The withdrawal of Consent will be effective either 
on the date it is received by 
the Partnership, or on a subsequent date determined by the Partnership and 
communicated to the Investor 
within 60 days after the Partnership receives the withdrawal. The 
Partnership will confirm the withdrawal 
and the date on which it takes effect in writing. A withdrawal of Consent 
does not apply to a Schedule K-1 
that was furnished electronically before the date on which the withdrawal 
takes effect. 
(c) 
(d) 
The Investor must inform the Partnership of any updated contact information, 
including e-mail address, mailing address and phone number, as soon as 
possible. The Partnership will 
inform the Investor of any change in the Partnership's contact information. 
The Investor will be required to confirm this Consent electronically through 
the 
iCapital Platform prior to accessing the Investor's Schedule K-1. 
14. 
(v) Access to the internet, an e-mail address and Adobe®Reader® is required 
to 
access, print and retain the Schedule K-1. The Schedule K-1 may be required 
to be printed and attached to 
a Federal, State or local income tax return. 
15. General. This Agreement (i) shall be binding upon the Investor and the 
legal 
representatives, successors and permitted assigns of the Investor, (ii) 
shall survive the admission of the 
Investor as a Limited Partner of the Partnership, (iii) shall not be 
assignable by the Investor without the 
prior written consent of the General Partner, and (iv) shall, if the 
Investor consists of more than one person 
or entity, be the joint and several obligation of all such persons or 
entities. Two or more duplicate originals 
of this Agreement may be executed by the undersigned and accepted by the 
Partnership, each of which shall 
be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same 
instrument. This Agreement shall 
be governed by the internal laws of the State of Delaware (without regard to 
its conflicts of laws). Any 
term or provision of this Agreement that is invalid or unenforceable in any 
jurisdiction shall, as to such 
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity or 
unenforceability without rendering invalid or 
unenforceable the remaining terms or provisions of this Agreement or 
EFTA01397386
--- PAGE 51 ---
affecting the validity or 
enforceability of any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement in any 
other jurisdiction. Captions and 
headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, and shall 
not limit or otherwise affect 
the meaning hereof. 
16. 
Jurisdiction. The courts of the State of New York shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction over 
any action, suit or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, and the 
Investor hereby irrevocably waives, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection that it may have, 
whether now or in the future, to the 
laying of venue in, or to the jurisdiction of, any and each of such courts 
for the purposes of any such suit, 
action, proceeding or judgment and further waives any claim that any such 
suit, action, proceeding or 
judgment has been brought in an inconvenient forum, and the Investor hereby 
submits to such jurisdiction. 
The parties hereby agree that no punitive or consequential damages shall be 
awarded in any such action, 
suit or proceeding. 
* * * 
THE INVESTOR MUST COMPLETE, SIGN AND DELIVER THE FOLLOWING LIMITED PARTNER 
SIGNATURE PAGE AND ALL APPLICABLE EXHIBITS TO THE GENERAL PARTNER 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397387
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I have received and reviewed the 
Supplement to the Private 
Placement Memorandum that contains specific information relating to the fees 
in respect of my investment 
that will be paid to my advisor. 
UPFRONT PLACEMENT FEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
By signing below, I acknowledge that I will be charged an upfront placement 
fee equal to the following 
percentage of my Subscription, which amount will be collected by and paid to 
my advisor: 
 %. The 
Placement Fee (as defined in the Memorandum) is charged in addition to your 
Subscription to the 
Partnership and not deducted from the Subscription amount and shall not 
constitute a capital contribution 
with respect to your investment in the Partnership. 
INVESTOR SIGNATURE PAGE 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned executes this Agreement and acknowledges 
by its 
signature below that it (i) has reviewed this Agreement, including all 
applicable Exhibits hereto, and such 
additional information it deems appropriate in connection with its 
investment in the Partnership, and 
(ii) agrees to be bound by the terms hereof on the date first set forth 
above. Upon acceptance below by the 
General Partner, the undersigned shall be admitted as a Limited Partner of 
the Partnership. 
(Sign here) 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory (if applicable): 
Country in which this Agreement 
was signed: 
Date: 
Name of Signatory: 
Title of Signatory (if applicable): 
Date: 
Net Amount of Interest 
Requested in USD: 
(Sign here) 
Name of Investor (Individual or 
Entity Name):  
EFTA01397388
--- PAGE 53 ---
(Sign here) 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397389
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Name of Advisor: 
Account Number: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397390
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Each prospective Investor is required to complete either the column titled 
"For Individuals" or the column 
titled "For Entities", as applicable. 
I am investing as an: 
Individual 
I am an Individual or Entity that is a U.S. Person6: 
FOR INDIVIDUALS: 
Type of Individual: 
State/Province and Country of Residence of 
Investor for Tax Purposes: 
Social Security No. or Tax Identification 
No: 
Permanent Address: 
Mailing Address (if different from above): 
date of Birth: 
Telephone No: 
Email Address: 
FOR ENTITIES: 
Type of Entity: 
Jurisdiction of Organization: 
— 
Domicile: 
Tax Identification No.: 
Permanent Address: 
EFTA01397391
--- PAGE 56 ---
Flailing Address (if different from above): 
Date of Formation: 
Telephone No:  
Email 
For definition of "U.S. Person", please see Rule 902(k) of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
Address: 
Entity 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01397392
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Employment Status (employed, unemployed, 
retired, self-employed): 
Employer (if applicable): 
Occupation: 
If the year end of the Investor for tax purposes is 
not December 31, specify tax year end: 
FOIA Partner7 
Yes 
No 
Please see Section 2(cc)of this Agreement for the definition of the term 
"FOIA Partner". 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397393
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GENERAL PARTNER SIGNATURE PAGE 
Investors should skip this page. 
The General Partner for and on behalf of the Partnership hereby accepts the 
foregoing subscription 
either for: (a) the amount of Interest set forth below, which will be equal 
to or less than the amount offered by 
the Limited Partner above, or (b) if left blank, then the Limited Partner's 
entire requested amount of Interest 
set forth next to the Limited Partner's signature above. 
Net Amount of Interest: $ 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC 
By: Institutional Capital Network, Inc., its sole member 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397394
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 
Initial Capital Contribution. The General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing 
of the initial capital contribution required by the Investor and the wire 
instructions for the account if 
necessary in advance of the closing of the Partnership. 
Distributions. Please provide the wire instructions for the bank account for 
this investment. 
Distributions from the Partnership will be sent to this account. Please 
ensure that this account is in the 
exact name of the Investor as provided above and that it is the same account 
as the initial capital 
contribution. 
Beneficiary Bank Name: 
Beneficiary ABA Number (if applicable): 
Beneficiary Swift Code (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Name (if applicable): 
Custodian Account Number (if applicable): 
Client Account Name: 
Client Account Number: 
FFC (if applicable): 
Reference (if applicable): 
If your account is with a non-U.S. bank, please provide the additional 
information below: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Bank Name: 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary ABA Number (if applicable): 
U.S. Correspondent/Intermediary Swift Code (if applicable): 
International Bank Account Number (IBAN): 
Source of Funds. Please indicate the source of the funds being invested in 
the Partnership: 
Salary 
Savings 
Inheritance 
Gift 
Retirement / Redundancy Payment 
Windfall / Compensation Payment 
Other: 
EFTA01397395
--- PAGE 60 ---
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397396
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
ADVISOR INFORMATION 
If you were introduced to the Partnership or iCapital Network by a Financial 
Advisor, your Financial 
Advisor will be copied on all communications related to your investment in 
the Partnership. 
Please provide my Advisor with access to all correspondence from the 
Partnership. 
My Advisor is:  
Name of Firm:  
Name of Representative:  
Email address of Representative:  
Please send all correspondence from the Partnership exclusively to my Advisor 
listed above. Please note that certain correspondence will still be sent to 
the Investor as 
required by law. 
INVESTOR CONTACT INFORMATION 
Please complete the following information for each additional individual who 
will receive notices and 
other communications from the Partnership or the General Partner. 
Yes, please copy the following individuals on correspondence from the 
Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
No, do not copy any additional individuals on correspondence from the 
Partnership with respect 
to my investment 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397397
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
Name: 
Relationship to Investor: 
Email: 
Phone: 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397398
--- PAGE 63 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Exhibit B 
FOR INDIVIDUALS 
INVESTOR STATUS 
The Investor hereby represents and warrants that the answers provided below 
completely and accurately 
describe the Investor. 
The Investor is a natural person whose net worth, either individually or 
jointly with such person's spouse, 
at the time of purchase, equals (exclusive of the value of the Investor's 
primary residence): 
Less than $500,000 
$500,000 - $999,999 
$1,000,000 - $4,999,999 
$5,000,000 - $9,999,999 
$10,000,000 or more 
The Investor is a natural person who had individual income on the amounts 
specified below, or joint income 
with that person's spouse in the amount specified below, in the previous two 
calendar years and reasonably 
expects to reach the same income level in the current calendar year: 
2016 Income: 
$199,999 or less 
$200,000-$299,999 
$300,000-$499,999 
$500,000 or greater 
The above amounts are calculated: 
Individually 
Together with my spouse 
The Investor is a natural person (including a person who will hold a joint, 
community property or similar 
shared ownership interest in the Partnership with that person's qualified 
purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments8 worth: 
Less than $5,000,000 
$5,000,000 - $10,000,000 
More than $10,000,000 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
8-1 
2017 Income: 
$199,999 or less 
$200,000-$299,999 
$300,000-$499,999 
$500,000 or greater 
EFTA01397399
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Please indicate whether the Investor is investing the assets of any 
retirement plan, employee benefit 
plan or other similar agreement that is subject to Section 4975 of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as an IRA or "Keogh" plan) (a "Plan 
Investor"): 
Yes 
No 
(a) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate 
what percentage of the 
Investor's assets invested in the Partnership are the assets of a plan, 
individual retirement account 
or other arrangement that is described in Section 4975 of the Code, whether 
or not such plan, 
account or arrangement is subject to Section 4975 of the Code: 
Less than 25% and the percentage is  
%. 
25% or more and the percentage is  
%. 
(b) If the Investor answered "Yes", to Question 4 above, please indicate 
whether or not the Investor 
is, or is acting (directly or indirectly) on behalf of, (A) an employee 
benefit plan (within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of the United States Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (B) an insurance 
company using general 
account assets, if such general account assets are deemed to include the 
assets of any of the 
foregoing types of plans, accounts or arrangements, for purposes of Title I 
of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code under Section 401(c)(1)(A) of ERISA or the regulations 
promulgated thereunder, 
or (C) an entity which is deemed to hold the assets of any of the foregoing 
types of plans, accounts 
or arrangements: 
Yes 
5. 
No 
Please indicate whether or not the Investor is subject to any other federal, 
state, local, non-U.S. or 
other laws or regulations that could cause the underlying assets of the 
Partnership to be treated as assets of 
the Plan Investor by virtue of its investment in the Partnership and thereby 
subject the Partnership and the 
General Partner (or other persons responsible for the investment and 
operation of the Partnership's assets) 
to laws or regulations that are similar to the fiduciary responsibility or 
prohibited transaction provisions 
contained in Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Yes 
EFTA01397400
--- PAGE 65 ---
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" above, please contact the General Partner 
immediately. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
B-2 
EFTA01397401
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Exhibit C 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
ACCREDITED INVESTOR STATUS 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
The Investor is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, a 
Massachusetts or 
similar business trust, or an organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of 
the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder that was not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the 
Interest, with 
total assets in excess of $5,000,000. 
Any trust with total assets in excess of $5,000,000, not formed for the 
specific purpose 
of acquiring the Interest, whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated 
person as 
described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of Regulation D. 
The Investor is an entity which falls within one of the following categories 
of 
accredited investor set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the 
Securities Act: 
A bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act, or any savings 
and loan association or other institution as defined in Section 3(a)(5)(A) of 
the Securities Act whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity 
(this 
includes a trust for which a bank acts as trustee and exercises investment 
discretion with respect to the trust's decision to invest in the 
Partnership). 
An insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act. 
A broker-dealer registered pursuant to Section 15 of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
An investment company registered under the Investment Company Act. 
A business development company as defined in Section 2(a)(48) of the 
Investment Company Act. 
A Small Business Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small 
Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business 
Investment Act of 1958, as amended. 
Any private business development company as defined in 
Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
Any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, 
or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, 
for 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-3 
EFTA01397402
--- PAGE 67 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
the benefit of its employees, if such a plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000. 
An employee benefit plan within the meaning of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan 
fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, 
savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment 
adviser, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of 
$5,000,000, or, if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made 
solely by persons that are Accredited Investors. 
The Investor is an entity in which all of the equity owners are Accredited 
Investors. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
C-4 
EFTA01397403
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Exhibit D 
FOR ENTITIES (PARTNERSHIPS, TRUSTS, CORPORATIONS, ETC.) 
Any investor subscribing as an individual should skip this section. 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT REPRESENTATIONS 
A. 
The Investor is a "qualified purchaser" as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of 
the Investment 
Company Act as a result of: 
(Please Check All That Apply) 
(1) 
The Investor is a companyl that (i) owns not less than $5,000,000 in 
investments,2 (ii) is owned directly or indirectly by or for two or more 
natural 
persons who are related as siblings or spouse (including former spouses), or 
direct lineal descendants by birth or adoption, spouses of such persons, the 
estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations or trusts 
established by or for the benefit of such persons, and (iii) was not formed 
for 
the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. 
(2) 
The Investor is a company, partnership or trust, acting for its own account 
or the 
accounts of other qualified purchasers, that (i) was not formed for the 
specific 
purpose of acquiring the Interest, and (ii) in the aggregate owns and 
invests on 
a discretionary basis not less than $25,000,000 in "investments." 
(3) 
The Investor is a trust not covered by Item 1 of this Exhibit that was not 
formed 
for the purpose of acquiring the Interest, as to which the trustee or other 
person 
authorized to make decisions with respect to the trust, and each settlor or 
other 
person who has contributed assets to the trust is (a) a person described in 
Item 
or Item 2 above, or (b) a natural person (including a person who will hold 
a 
joint, community property or similar shared ownership interest in the 
Partnership with that person's qualified purchaser spouse) who owns 
investments2 worth not less than $5,000,000. 
(4) 
The Investor is a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in paragraph (a) 
of 
Rule 144A promulgated under the Securities Act) meeting the requirements of 
Rule 2a51-1(g) promulgated under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 2(a)(8) of the Investment Company Act defines "company" as a 
corporation, partnership, association, 
joint stock company, trust, fund or any organized group of persons whether 
incorporated or not. If the Investor 
EFTA01397404
--- PAGE 69 ---
is a company that, but for the exceptions provided for in paragraph (1) or 
(7) of Section 3(c) of the Investment 
Company Act, would be an investment company (an "excepted investment 
company"), all beneficial owners of 
its outstanding securities (other than short-term paper), determined in 
accordance with Section 3(c)(1)(A) on the 
Investment Company Act, that acquired such securities on or before April 30, 
1996 (as "pre-amendment beneficial 
owners"), and all pre amendment beneficial owners of the outstanding 
securities (other than short-term paper) of 
any excepted investment company that, directly or indirectly owns any 
outstanding securities of such excepted 
investment company, have consented to its treatment as a qualified 
purchaser. See Rule 2a51 2(e) promulgated 
under the Investment Company Act. 
For definition of "investments," see Rule 2a51-1 promulgated under the 
Investment Company Act. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-1 
EFTA01397405
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(5) 
B. 
The Investor is a company all of the securities of which are beneficially 
owned 
by "qualified purchasers." 
If the Investor is a corporation, trust, partnership, limited liability 
company or other organization, 
please check the appropriate box in response to each question. 
(1) 
The Investor is not (i) an "investment company" as defined in the Investment 
Company Act, (ii) a "business development company," as defined in the 
Investment 
Company Act or (iii) an entity which would be an "investment company" as 
defined in 
the Investment Company Act but for the exceptions provided for in Section 
3(c)(1) and 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. 
True 
False 
(2) Assuming the Investor holds less than 10% of the interests in the 
Partnership, 
the Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment 
Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one:  
(3) Assuming the Investor holds 10% or more of the interests in the 
Partnership, the 
Investor constitutes "one person" for purposes of Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment 
Company Act. 
True 
False* 
*Indicate number of beneficial owners, if greater than one:  
(4) 
The Investor is managed as a collective investment vehicle, such that the 
Investor's stockholders, partners, members or other beneficial owners, if 
any, have no 
individual discretion as to their participation or non-participation in the 
purchase of the 
Interest and will have no individual discretion as to their participation or 
nonparticipation 
in particular investments made by the Partnership. 
True 
(5) 
False 
The Investor was not formed, organized or recapitalized (and is not to be 
recapitalized) for the specific purpose of acquiring the Interest. For the 
purposes of the 
EFTA01397406
--- PAGE 71 ---
preceding sentence, "recapitalized" includes, without limitation, new 
investments made 
in the Investor solely for the purpose of financing the Investor's 
acquisition of the 
Interest and not made pursuant to a prior financial commitment. 
True 
False 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-2 
EFTA01397407
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
(6) 
The Investor has not committed and will not invest more than 40% of its 
assets 
(including "committed capital") in any single entity, including the 
Partnership. 
"Committed capital" includes all amounts that have been contributed to the 
Investor by 
its shareholders, partners or other equity holders plus all amounts which 
such persons or 
entities remain obligated to contribute to it. 
True 
C. 
(i) 
False 
Does the Investor have one or more ultimate beneficiaries who (i) are 
entitled to 10% or 
more of the proceeds from this investment or (ii) hold 10% or more of the 
control rights of the Investor? 
Yes* 
No 
(ii) 
(iii) 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries publicly traded? 
Yes* 
No 
Is the Investor or any of the ultimate beneficiaries a regulated entity? 
Yes* 
No 
If the responses to any of the above questions in (C)(i)-(iii) is "Yes," 
please complete the 
following chart. 
If the Investor or Any 
of the 10% Beneficial 
Owners Is Publicly 
Name of Investor and Each 10% 
Beneficial Owner 
Traded, Please Identify 
the Exchange 
If the Investor or Any of the 
10% Beneficial Owners Is a 
Regulated Entity, Please 
Identify Regulator and 
Jurisdiction 
* If yes, please provide further information in the chart or, if there is 
insufficient space in the chart, please include 
additional sheets of paper with the relevant information. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
D-3 
EFTA01397408
--- PAGE 73 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Exhibit E 
PLAN INVESTOR REPRESENTATIONS 
This exhibit is applicable only to Investors who are "Plan Investors": (1) 
U.S. pension or other 
employee benefit plans subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") (such as corporate retirement plans); (2) U.S. plans or 
accounts subject to Section 
4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (such as 
IRAs or Keoghs); (3) entities 
deemed to hold "plan assets" of the plans described in the preceding bullets 
(such as certain hedge funds 
that manage ERISA assets); or (4) fiduciaries that otherwise manage or 
handle the assets of any of the plans 
or entities described in Items 1-3. Each Plan Investor hereby represents and 
warrants as follows: 
(Please Check "Yes" or "No" as Applicable) 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) an "employee benefit 
plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, that is subject to Title I of ERISA; (ii) 
a "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 
4975 of the Code; 
or (iii) any other entity or account that is deemed under applicable law to 
hold the assets of 
a plan described in (i) or (ii). 
Yes 
No 
The Plan Investor represents that it is, or is acting on behalf of, a person 
or entity the 
underlying assets of which are "plan assets" within the meaning of Section 
3(42) of ERISA. 
Yes. 
The Plan Investor holds "plan assets" and the percentage of 
interests in the Plan Investor held by benefits plan investors, 
determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA is 
%. 
No. 
None of the Plan Investor's assets are "plan assets" within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
IF AT ANY TIME DURING THE TERM OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE 
FOREGOING REPRESENTATION BECOMES INACCURATE, THE PLAN 
INVESTOR WILL NOTIFY THE PARTNERSHIP IMMEDIATELY. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "governmental plan," 
within the meaning 
of Section 3(32) of ERISA; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company 
or other entity 
EFTA01397409
--- PAGE 74 ---
in which such a governmental plan holds a majority of the interests or in 
which a 
governmental plan holds an interest sufficient to subject the entity to 
applicable state or 
local law governing governmental plans. 
Yes 
4. 
No 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of: (i) a "church plan" within 
the meaning of 
Section 3(33) of ERISA with respect to which no election has been made under 
Section 410(d) of the Code; or (ii) a partnership, limited liability company 
or other entity 
in which such a church plan holds a majority of the interests or in which a 
church plan holds 
an interest sufficient to subject the entity to the rules and policies 
governing the sponsoring 
church. 
Yes 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-1 
No 
EFTA01397410
--- PAGE 75 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
If the Plan Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing questions in 
this Exhibit E, 
please contact the General Partner immediately. 
The Plan Investor is, or is acting on behalf of, an "employee benefit plan" 
which is 
organized outside of the United States. 
Yes 
6. 
No 
If the Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the Investor 
represents and warrants 
that, except as otherwise disclosed to the Partnership, the participants in 
such employee 
benefit plan or plan are not permitted to self-direct investments. If the 
participants in such 
employee benefit plan or plan are permitted to self-direct investments, more 
information 
may be required. Please contact iCapital for further instruction. 
If the undersigned Investor answered "Yes" to any of the foregoing, the 
Investor hereby 
represents and warrants to and agrees with the Partnership that: 
(a) The decision to invest assets of the Investor in the Partnership was 
made by fiduciaries 
independent of the General Partner or the Administrator and any placement 
agent, which 
parties are duly authorized to make such investment decisions and who have 
not relied on 
any advice or recommendation of the General Partner or the Administrator, 
any placement 
agent or any of their respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, 
officers, 
directors, agents, representatives or Affiliates; 
(b) None of the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or 
any of their 
respective employees, representatives, agents or Affiliates has exercised 
any discretionary 
authority or control with respect to the Investor's investment in the 
Partnership, nor have 
the General Partner or the Administrator, any placement agent or any of 
their respective 
partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, agents, 
representatives or 
Affiliates rendered individualized investment advice to the Investor based 
upon the 
Investor's investment policies or strategy, overall portfolio composition or 
diversification; 
and 
(c) The terms of the Partnership Agreement or other organizational document, 
EFTA01397411
--- PAGE 76 ---
including 
all exhibits and attachments thereto, comply with the Investor's governing 
instruments and 
applicable laws governing the Investor, and the Investor will promptly 
advise the General 
Partner or the Administrator in writing of any changes in any governing law 
or any 
regulations or interpretations thereunder affecting the duties, 
responsibilities, liabilities or 
obligations of the Partnership, the General Partner or the Administrator or 
any of their 
respective partners, members, employees, stockholders, officers, directors, 
agents or 
Affiliates. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
E-2 
EFTA01397412
--- PAGE 77 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Exhibit F 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. and its affiliates, iCapital Advisors, 
LLC and iCapital 
Securities, LLC 
NOTICE REGARDING PRIVACY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Pursuant to Regulation P, 12 C.F.R. 1016 ("Regulation P") adopted by the 
Consumer Financial 
Protection Bureau, institutions that provide certain financial products or 
services to individuals to be used 
for personal, family, or household purposes are required to provide written 
notices to their customers 
regarding disclosure of nonpublic personal information. We have been advised 
that we may be subject to 
such requirement. This notice is being provided to you to comply with 
Regulation P so that you will know 
the type of information we collect about you and the circumstances in which 
the information may be 
disclosed to third parties. 
In order to accurately and efficiently conduct each fund's investment 
program, we must collect and 
maintain certain non-public information about you and the fund's other 
investors. We understand that it is 
our obligation to maintain the confidentiality of this information. As a 
consequence, we do not disclose 
any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors 
to anyone other than our 
affiliates, investors, service providers, counterparties and employees, 
except as permitted by law. The 
following describes how non-public information about you and the fund's 
other investors may be disclosed 
to such persons. 
We may provide limited personally-identifiable financial information such as 
a schedule of 
investors and capital account information, to all investors in each specific 
partnership. Certain of our 
investors may retain consultants who receive this information on their 
behalf. 
We collect, and may disclose to our affiliates and service providers (e.g., 
our attorneys, accountants, 
lending institutions and entities that assist us with the distribution of 
stock to our investors) on a "need to 
know" basis, certain nonpublic personal information about you from the 
following sources: 
Information we receive from you as set forth in your subscription agreement, 
investor questionnaire 
or similar forms, such as your name, address, and social security or tax 
identification number; and 
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates and service 
providers, or others, such as 
your participation in our fund, such as your capital account balance, 
EFTA01397413
--- PAGE 78 ---
contributions and distributions and, in 
the case of an investor that is an individual retirement account, 
information with regard to such account. 
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those 
employees who need to 
know that information to provide services to the fund and its investors. We 
maintain physical, electronic, 
and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. In 
addition, we will continue to 
assess new technology for protecting information with regard to our 
investors. If we have your consent, 
we may also share your personal information with entities other than our 
affiliates and service providers. 
We will provide notice of our privacy policy annually, as long as you 
maintain an investment with 
us. The policy may change from time to time, but you can always review our 
current policy by asking us 
for a copy. 
Should you have any questions regarding the above, please contact Investor 
Relations at 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com. 
PROPRIETARY AND CONFIDENTIAL 
G-1 
EFTA01397414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397415.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV (U.S.), L.P. 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. will invest 
substantially all of its investable assets into Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. (the 
"Underlying Fund"). 
ACCESS & UNDERLYING FUND TERMS 
ACCESS FUND 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
STRUCTURE 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$250,000 
FUND TERM 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two 
additional one-year optional extension periods at the discretion of its 
General 
Partner 
CAPITAL CALLS 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
REPORTING 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
PLACEMENT FEE 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof2 
MANAGEMENT FEE3 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 Mil 
$3 - <$5 Mil 
$5 Mil+6 
During 
Investment 
period4 
1.00% 
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years 
Following 
EFTA01397415
--- PAGE 2 ---
Investment 
Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
CARRIED INTEREST 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
*Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
The information contained herein is highly confidential, has been provided 
to you for informational purposes only, may not be shared with any party 
other than the intended recipient and may not be 
relied upon in any manner as legal, tax or investment advice or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or investment 
products referred to herein. A private offering of interest 
in the securities described herein may only be made pursuant to a 
confidential private placement memorandum and the applicable subscription 
and governing documents, which will be furnished to 
certain qualified investors on a confidential basis at their request. Refer 
to "Important Information" beginning on page 2 for additional information. 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
Thereafter 
UNDERLYING FUND 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
GENERAL PARTNER 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
INVESTMENT MANAGER 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
STRUCTURE 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
STRATEGY 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
MINIMUM COMMITMENT 
$5 Million 
FUND TERM 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
plus up to 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion 
of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
CAPITAL CALLS 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
EFTA01397416
--- PAGE 3 ---
business days' prior written notice 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Datel 
REPORTING 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account 
statements 
MANAGEMENT FEE 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access 
fund only 
INVESTMENT PERIOD 
1.10% of Commited Capital4 
TWO YEARS AFTER THE END OF THE INVESTMENT PERIOD 
0.85% of Invested Capitals 
THEREAFTER THROUGH THE END OF THE FUND TERM 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capitals 
CARRIED INTEREST 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
SUBSEQUENT CLOSING FEE (IF NOT FIRST CLOSE) 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
EFTA01397417
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 2 
END NOTES 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to the Access 
Fund Fee and Access 
expenses and will experience lower returns than investors committing 
directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the fees and expenses 
associated with an investment in 
the Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or indirectly 
from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
4. 
Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by 
the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory Committee. 
DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any portion 
of the Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3. The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the Private 
Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. 
Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5. Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
of capital invested in 
investments and the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved for 
such investments.) 
6. 
Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have the 
option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any 
direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount against management 
fees from the Underlying Fund. 
subject to Access Fund expenses. 
Investors who invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Access Fund for 
further information. Neither Glendower Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, 
LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or 
investment advice, any recommendation or opinion regarding the 
appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, or as an offer 
to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
to buy an interest in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
EFTA01397418
--- PAGE 5 ---
(the "Underlying Fund") or Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which 
will be furnished only to qualified prospective investors on a confidential 
basis. The Presentation is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
Offering Memorandum, which 
contains more detailed information about the Access Fund's investment 
objective, terms and conditions and also contains tax information and risk 
disclosures that are important 
to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person has been 
authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund other than as 
set forth in the Offering 
Memorandum and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may not 
be reproduced or 
redistributed in any format without the approval of the General Partner of 
the Access Fund and the General Partner of the Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in the 
Access Fund. There 
are important differences between the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund 
described in the Presentation. An investment in the Access Fund is not 
suitable for all investors. 
Prospective investors should be aware that investing in the Access Fund 
involves a high degree of risk. There can be no assurance that the Access 
Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors 
must be prepared to bear capital losses that may result from investments. 
There will be restrictions on transferring interests in the Access Fund, 
investments may be leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Access Fund, prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum 
and pay particular 
attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and expenses 
charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment 
alternatives and may offset profits. Both the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund impose administrative or management fees, custodial accounting and 
other service fees, 
performance allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. 
Investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
risk characteristics of the Access 
Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of interest may arise between the 
General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of interest are 
described more fully in the 
Offering Memorandum. 
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
EFTA01397419
--- PAGE 6 ---
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund will achieve 
comparable results. Prospective investors should also bear in mind that past 
or targeted portfolio 
characteristics are not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and 
there can be no assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio 
characteristics or that target 
portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of investments can go 
down as well as up. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that unrealized investments will be 
realized 
at the valuations shown as actual realized returns will depend on, among 
other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and market 
conditions at the time of 
disposition, any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of 
sale, all of which may be different from the assumptions on which the 
valuations contained herein are 
based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any management fees, 
carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by investors, which in 
the aggregate may be 
substantial. Therefore, actual performance of the Underlying Fund after 
deduction of such fees and expenses would be lower than the gross 
performance reflected in this 
EFTA01397420
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION CONTINUED 
Presentation. Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower 
returns than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a 
result of the additional fees and 
expenses associated with an investment in the Access Fund. Nothing contained 
herein should be deemed to be prediction or projection of future performance 
of the Underlying 
Fund or the Access Fund. 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access Fund, 
which would have the effect 
of lowering the net returns experienced by an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose of making general market data available as 
a point of reference only. 
Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be available for direct 
investment, may be unmanaged, assume reinvestment of income, do not reflect 
the impact of any trading 
commissions and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations 
when used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other 
reasons, may have 
different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are 
suitable only for eligible, long-term investors who are willing to forgo 
liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite period of time. They may 
be highly illiquid and can engage in 
leverage and other speculative practices that may increase the volatility 
and risk of loss. Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than 
traditional investments. Investors 
should carefully review and consider potential risks before investing. 
Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of information regarding 
valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
EFTA01397421
--- PAGE 8 ---
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest 
in the Underlying Fund, will 
have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and will have no standing or 
recourse against the Underlying Fund or the General Partner or Manager of 
the Underlying Fund or their 
respective officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or 
employees, agents or affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, 
shareholder, employee or agent of any 
such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and should not be 
considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the Underlying Fund. 
Moreover, none of the Access Fund, 
the General Partner of the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates 
has the right to participate in the control, management or operations of the 
Underlying Fund or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting 
and other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns. Returns to limited partners in the Access Fund will be lower 
than those from a direct 
investment in the Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an 
investment adviser registered with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The registrations and 
memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has endorsed the entities, 
products or services 
discussed herein. Additional Information is available upon request. 
East 42nd Street New York, NY 10165 I 212 994 7400 I 
info@icapitalnetwork.com I www.icapitalnetwork.com 
EFTA01397422
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global Private Equity Secondaries 
The Offering 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP1 ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is 
being formed by Glendower Capital ("GC"): 
• An independent secondary manager spun-off from Deutsche Asset Management 
in August 2017 
• Fully owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years 
• Established 23-strong team with US$3 billion in total client assets and 
offices in London and New York 
Glendower's mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
• Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows, and negligible loss ratio 
• Mature program at 1.7x TVPI and >20% Net IRR and overall program at 1.5x 
TVPI and 23% Net IRR2 
SOF IV will continue the successful secondary strategy pursued since 2006: 
• Aiming to build a globally diversified portfolio of seasoned funds, GP-led 
transactions and 
co-investments on the secondary market 
• Value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as opposed to deal 
structuring 
• Seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as prior fund 
Strong and consistent track record2 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies4 # 
Net multiple (TVPI) 
Net distributed (DPI) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D3 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
2.3x 
EFTA01397423
--- PAGE 10 ---
lx 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 75 / 737 35 / 149 / 2,837 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
Consistent top returns among peers: 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance5,6,7 
Secondary funds: Net IRRto limited partners8 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
Upper Quartile 
Lower Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple to limited partners5 
2.5x 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
Carried interest: 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
Hurdle rate: 
8% 
Team commitment: 
Min 1% of total fund size 
2.Ox 
EFTA01397424
--- PAGE 11 ---
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.0x 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
Contacts: 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Mana in Partner & CEO 
0.5x 
0.0x 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
Index RVPI 
'09 
'10 
'11 
SOF funds DPI 
'12 
'13 
EFTA01397425
--- PAGE 12 ---
'14 
SOF funds RVPI 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner & CIO 
This document can only be offered to Accredited Investors and Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal 
to each offeree and may only be used by those persons to whom it has been 
handed out. Strictly not for 
redistribution. Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional 
information. Past performance is not an 
indication or guarantee offuture results 
Joshua C. Glaser 
Partner, Client Relations 
Total 
• 1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitalll in 
the following two years 
US$2,980m 
• Thereafter greater of 90% of 
previous year and 0.25% of 
Invested Capital 
2nd Quarter 2018 
Fund key terms10 
Target size: 
US$1.75 billion 
Currency: 
US$ 
Investment Period: 
years from final closing 
Term: 
years + extensions (5xlyear) 
Structure: 
English L.P. 
General partner share: 
• 1.25% p.a. of commitments during 
Investment Period 
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01397426
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
Distinctive investment strategyl2 
Glendower will target globally, but primarily in the US and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
• Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
• GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, 
asset liquidations, and LP tenders; and 
• Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at the 
time of the original acquisition, or later from an investor seeking early 
liquidity. 
Glendower's portfolio construction follows an opportunistic barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles by dialing up: 
• Discounted Fund Secondaries during market corrections (58% of transactions 
since inception) 
• Less competitive GP-led Secondaries and off-market Co-investments during 
normalized market conditions (42% of transactions since inception)10 
Identify less competitive deals 
■ US$40m average deal size 
■ Smaller US$5-100m fund portfolios 
■ Mid-size US$100-250m GP-led deals 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
■ Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
■ Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large levered 
beta play 
■ Value creation through in-depth fundamental 
analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
■ No leverage at transaction level and limited at 
portfolio level 
■ Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
■ Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to seek 
to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl3 
Established Investment Team Active in the Secondary Market Since 200314 
• 23-strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 1H18 
• 16 investment professionals with an average of 12 years of relevant 
experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
EFTA01397427
--- PAGE 14 ---
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; 
General Electric; The Boston 
Consulting Group 
Deirdre Davies 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; 
KPMG 
Relevant Years of experience 
Please refer to the endnotes on p.3 for additional information. There can be 
no assurance that efforts to reduce risk will be successful, nor that the 
strategy 
will be successful in the future or that losses will be avoided 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum 
Capital; CIBC Oppenheimer 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman 
Brothers; Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit 
Suisse 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
■ Average 20% discount to FMV 
■ Average —80% funded at time of entry 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
EFTA01397428
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Endnotes 
(1) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital LLP ("Glendower"), an appointed 
representative of Mirabella Advisers LLP, which is authorised and regulated 
by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
(2) Mature funds include SOF, SOF D and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. Performance figures have been calculated 
based 
on the unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
the "Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance 
Information" sections of this document. Gross returns are gross of fees, 
expenses 
and carried interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees 
and carried interest. Past performance is not a prediction of the future 
performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate 
the track record of the Glendower Team and there can be no assurance that 
SOF IV will achieve comparable results. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. Converted at the September 30, 2017 
EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(4) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies 
is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing and may 
include some double counting. 
(5) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, formed 
between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against their 
respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one benchmark only; 
quartiles 
may differ when compared to other benchmarking sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III data is not included in the data set used to calculate the 
benchmark data. 
(6) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to 
Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(7) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower team. 
(8) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
EFTA01397429
--- PAGE 16 ---
six years to 
settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this settling they 
typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance 
metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. Median is the 
middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs included in a vintage 
year (minimum 5 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the thresholds for the 
upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on the individual fund 
IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in conjunction with the median 
to determine quartile placement (minimum8 funds). 
(9) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return 
aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a dollar-
weighted return. 
(10) Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund 
(the "Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, 
complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. For 
further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please 
refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such documents are in 
the process of being prepared and will be made available to prospective 
investors upon request. 
(11) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and 
the remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
(12) As of September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance that the strategy 
will be successful in the future, or that losses will be avoided. 
(13) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfoliomanagement theory. 
(14) As of September 30, 2017. Period since 2003 includes time spent by 
members of the core senior management team at Deutsche Bank. 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and 
any follow-on investments in any such investment, but not including any GP-
led Secondary) as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context 
requires. 
"Fund Secondary" means (a) an interest held directly or indirectly by the 
Fund in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including 
a fund of 
funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a standalone 
transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired in a single 
transaction, in each 
case as reasonably determined by the Manager as the context requires, 
provided that any interest referred to in clause (a) shall be in a fund 
structure that 
either has an investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on 
investments) or has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its 
EFTA01397430
--- PAGE 17 ---
aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of interests referred to in 
clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the aggregate have drawn down 
or 
committed to invest at least 50% of their aggregate commitments, provided 
further that the aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) 
shall be deemed to equal the amount drawn down in such fund structure and 
provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be determined to be 
an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity 
assets through bespoke liquidity solutions (and any follow-on investments in 
any such investment interest, but not including any Co-Investment) as 
reasonably 
determined by the Manager as the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397431
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower 
Capital, LLP ("Glendower") (an appointed representative of Mirabella 
Advisers LLP, which is authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct 
Authority) for the purpose of providing certain summary information about 
certain existing and future funds and accounts that are managed or advised by 
Glendower, including in connection with your evaluation of a potential 
investment in the fund to be known as Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is 
being made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may 
not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than any Recipient's affiliates 
or professional advisers who are bound by obligations of confidentiality on 
a need to 
know basis Any past performance information herein is not necessarily 
indicative of future results and actual performance may differ materially 
from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and Recipients must not rely on 
this 
Presentation as part of any assessment of whether to subscribe for interests 
in the Fund. This Presentation may not be used for and does not constitute an 
offer to sell, or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase 
any interests or to engage in any other transaction. The information in this 
Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not necessarily meaningful or 
complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the 
information contained herein and any future offering of SOF IV. Neither 
Glendower, Mirabella Advisers LLP nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any 
representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality of an 
investment in the Fund, the income or tax consequences, or the suitability 
of an 
investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities 
laws 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered 
into at the date that this Presentation is made available but that Glendower 
EFTA01397432
--- PAGE 19 ---
expects will occur or be entered into thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or 
solicitation. A private offering of interests in the Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, which contain additional 
information 
about the investment objective, terms and conditions of an investment in the 
Fund and also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to 
any investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other than as set forth in the 
offering 
documents and any such statements, if made, may not be relied upon. The 
offering documents will be furnished to qualified investors on a 
confidential basis at 
their request. The information contained in this Presentation will be 
superseded by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such 
offering documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary 
market for interests in the Fund and none is expected to develop. There will 
be restrictions on transferring interests in the Fund, investments may be 
leveraged 
and the investment performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in connection with an investment in 
the Fund may 
be higher than the fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and 
may offset profits. Investors should have the financial ability and 
willingness to 
accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is 
acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit Suisse is not acting and will 
not act as a municipal advisor within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-
Frank 
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered 
Party") are provided on an arm's length basis and not as an advisor or 
fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered Parties should consult with their 
own internal and 
external advisors before taking action with respect to any services, 
material, or information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse 
also will not solicit 
EFTA01397433
--- PAGE 20 ---
a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of obtaining or retaining an 
engagement for 
that investment adviser by the Covered Party to provide investment advisory 
services to or on behalf of the Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing 
contained herein shall constitute any representation or warranty and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by Glendower, its affiliates or 
Mirabella Advisers 
LLP as to the accuracy or completeness of any information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each investor and prospective investor 
(and each employee, representative, or other agent thereof) may disclose to 
any 
and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind 
(including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, 
provided, however, 
that such disclosure shall not include the name (or other identifying 
information not relevant to the tax structure or tax treatment) of any 
person and shall not 
include information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order 
to comply with applicable securities laws. 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns 
generated by the Fund will equal or exceed those presented herein or that 
the Fund will be able to implement its investment strategies or achieve its 
investment objectives. The Fund's investment strategy and applicable 
investment restrictions may differ from those historically employed and 
economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the possible future performance of 
the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment and interpretation of 
information 
available to it as at the date of this Presentation. No representation is 
made or assurance given that such statements, views, projections or 
forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
EFTA01397434
--- PAGE 21 ---
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents 
for updating this Presentation (or any additional information), correcting 
any inaccuracies in it or providing any additional information to you. 
Accordingly, to 
the fullest extent possible subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or 
its affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, 
directors, officers, 
partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case of fraud) 
for any loss (whether direct, indirect or consequential), damage, cost or 
expense 
suffered or incurred by any person as a result of relying on any statement 
in, or omission from, this Presentation. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397435
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Important Information (2/2) 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current 
assumptions, may be simplified and may depend upon events outside the 
control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other events that were not taken 
into account 
may occur and may significantly affect the analysis herein. Therefore, 
changes to any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or 
projections. Actual results may therefore be materially different from any 
forecast, opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors in the Fund 
should not 
rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding whether to invest in 
such Fund. The information contained in this Presentation has been obtained 
from 
sources outside of Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be 
reliable for the purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its 
affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any responsibility for the accuracy 
of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not 
treat this Presentation as tax, regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or 
any other advice in relation to the Recipient of this information and this 
information 
should not and cannot be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain 
jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation are 
required to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk 
factors. An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated 
investors and requires the financial ability and willingness to accept the 
high risks and lack 
of liquidity associated with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the 
Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
Statements herein are made as of January 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
Important Information on the Track Record 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
EFTA01397436
--- PAGE 23 ---
and its 
affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an independent private equity firm 
owned by its partners focused on secondary transactions in private markets. 
The 
performance information and track record set out in this Presentation in 
respect of the SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF 
Funds to 
date, including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team 
were employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the track record, each 
Recipient 
should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith have been 
permanent voting members of the SOF Funds investment committees since 
inception; (ii) 
Chi Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers 
the majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during the SOF II investment period as 
voting members on a rotational basis and have been permanent voting members 
since January 2013; (iii) other employees of Deutsche Bank who were not part 
of the SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved 
at different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of the investments made by the 
SOF 
Funds and (iv) in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record, the Glendower investment professionals were part of a larger group 
within 
Deutsche Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely 
to provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information provided herein has been 
prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management (Global) Limited 
("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the SOF Funds and the 
related individual underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower 
SOF Team were involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or 
investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. Glendower takes 
responsibility for its use of this performance information and its 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and guidelines, 
including, but not limited 
to, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 
204-2 thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such 
performance information by Glendower. 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net IRR" shall mean an aggregate, 
compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, internal rate of return on 
investments, 
based on daily cash flows Calculations are presented based on actual cash 
flows to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" 
basis unless 
otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit share, 
carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection with the 
disposition of unrealized 
EFTA01397437
--- PAGE 24 ---
investments and other expenses that are borne by investors in the applicable 
funds, all of which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are expected 
to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than 
taxes borne or to be borne by investors, including as a result of an 
investor's domicile). Further, note that the calculation methodology adopted 
to calculate Net 
IRR in respect of the SOF Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. All performance numbers include recycled 
capital unless 
otherwise explicitly indicated. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") 
represents aggregate distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in Capital 
("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest held 
within the SOF 
Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. Total 
Value to 
Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. MoM is defined as the amount of 
money returned divided by the amount invested for that particular investment. 
Gross multiple represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.) net performance data reflects 
amounts 
net of the SOF Funds' carried interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant 
investment fund. Any such valuation of unrealized investment will be based 
on assumptions that such general partner believes are reasonable under the 
circumstances, the actual realized returns on unrealized investments will 
depend on, among other factors, future operating results, the value of the 
assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions on 
which the valuations used in the prior performance data contained herein are 
based. Accordingly, the actual realized returns generated by these unrealized 
investments may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397438
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For Recipients in the EEA. This Presentation shall not be distributed to any 
Recipient that is domiciled or resident in a European Economic Area member 
state 
where the distribution of the Presentation in such member state would 
constitute "marketing" (within the meaning of article 4(1)(x) of the 
Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU)). This Presentation is not 
an approved prospectus for purposes of section 85 of the UK Financial 
Services 
and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). In the United Kingdom, this Presentation may 
only be communicated (i) by a person other than an authorized person if 
directed only at (a) persons who have professional experience in matters 
relating to investments, falling within article 19(5) ("investment 
professionals") of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as 
amended) (the "Order"), (b) persons falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) 
("high 
net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the Order, or (c) 
persons whom this Presentation may otherwise lawfully be communicated; and 
(ii) 
by an authorized person if directed only at (a) persons who have 
professional experience of participating in unregulated schemes, falling 
within article 14(5) 
("investment professionals") of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (as 
amended) (the "PCIS Order") and article 19(5) ("investment professionals") 
of the Order, (b) persons falling within article 22 (high net worth 
companies, 
unincorporated associations etc) of the PCIS Order and article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.") of the 
Order. 
AIFMD Notice. In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member 
State") which has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
Directive (Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for which transitional 
arrangements are not/ no longer available), this Presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed in a 
Member State to the extent that: (1) the Fund is permitted to be marketed to 
professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD 
(as implemented into the local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); 
or 
(2) this Presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State 
(including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
Presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this Presentation may only be 
distributed and 
interests in the Fund may only be offered or placed to the extent that this 
EFTA01397439
--- PAGE 26 ---
Presentation may be lawfully distributed and the interests in the Fund may 
lawfully 
be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of 
the investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, 
accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or 
strategy is suitable or appropriate to individual circumstances, or 
otherwise constitute a 
personal recommendation to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be 
profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of investment 
objectives or target returns or measurements. Any reference to past 
performance 
is not indicative of future results and is no guarantee to future results. 
This Presentation has been prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in 
Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is defined by 
section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) (the "Act") 
and as 
sophisticated or professional investors as defined by sections 708(8) and 
(11) (respectively) of the Act, in respect of which an offer would not 
require disclosure 
under Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and should not 
be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial product 
recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure 
statement or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act. 
This 
Presentation is not required to, and does not, contain all the information 
which would be required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any 
other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it required 
to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The 
funds referred to in these materials are not registered schemes as defined 
in the Act. In Australia, Credit Suisse Group entities, other than Credit 
Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch, are not authorized deposit-taking institutions for the 
purposes of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not 
represent deposits or 
other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit Suisse AG, 
Sydney Branch does not guarantee or otherwise provide assurance in respect 
of the 
obligations of such Credit Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No 
offer to the 
public to purchase the Fund's interests will be made in the Kingdom of 
Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to be read by the addressee only 
and must not 
EFTA01397440
--- PAGE 27 ---
be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a 
prospectus, an advertisement, a public offering, an offer to sell the 
interests described herein or a solicitation of an offer to buy the 
interests described herein 
in Brazil. Any public offer or sale of the interests described herein will 
be made only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities 
Commission is obtained. 
No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment will be 
deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means would be deemed public 
offering of 
securities in Brazil. Under no circumstances is the information contained 
herein to be construed as investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission 
has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered 
with the Registrar of Companies. This Presentation is for informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an invitation or offer to the public. 
As such, it 
must not be distributed or redistributed to and may not be relied upon or 
used by any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 
31-103 — Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. To the extent that the information contained herein references 
securities 
of an issuer incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities 
must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in Canada. No 
securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed 
or in 
any way passed upon these materials, the information contained herein or the 
merits of the interests described herein and any representation to the 
contrary 
is an offence. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law 
no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de Valores, and regulations thereunder. 
Securities not registered with the SVS may not be offered or sold publicly 
in Chile 
(unless a regulatory exemption apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the 
EFTA01397441
--- PAGE 28 ---
Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors pursuant 
to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of the Ley de Mercado 
de Valores 
(an offer that is not "addressed to the public in general or to a certain 
sector or specific group of the public"). For additional information 
referred to each of the 
offered securities, please contact your RelationshipManager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China 
("PRC") or by any means that would be deemed public offering of securities 
under the laws of the PRC. These materials may not be distributed to 
individuals 
resident in the PRC or entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained 
all the required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's 
responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or receive any 
investment advisory 
or investment management services. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397442
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian securities laws and regulations. Neither the products, nor the 
Management 
Company/Issuers have and will not be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian investor should make its 
own 
inquiries and consult its own advisors as to this financial product and the 
Management Company/Issuers, including the merits and risks involved, and as 
to 
legal, tax and related matters concerning an investment in the products. 
This marketing material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian 
residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other applicable rules and 
regulations related to the promotion of foreign financial and/or securities 
related products 
or services in Colombia. Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to 
Colombian residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombianmarketing rules and general securities laws and 
regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial 
Code (CodeMonetaire et Financier) to professional clients and eligible 
counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey 
Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No 
public or private offering of the Interests is being made in Haiti and no 
agreement relating to the sale of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved 
by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any 
interests or securities may not be offered or sold and have not been offered 
or 
sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to (i) "professional 
investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of 
Hong 
EFTA01397443
--- PAGE 30 ---
Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in other circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no person 
has 
issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not 
issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong 
Kong or 
elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any 
interest or securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are 
or are likely to be 
accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so 
under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any interests 
or 
securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" within the definition 
of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made 
under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that 
will not constitute "an offer to the public" under sections 15 and 15a of 
the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 ("the Securities Law") or section 25 of 
the Joint 
Investment Trusts Law, 5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being 
offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any 
given 12 month period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the 
First 
Addendum ("the Addendum") to the Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") 
namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds, provident funds, 
insurance companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for 
themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio 
managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), 
investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing Products for 
themselves), 
members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing Products for themselves 
or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing 
Products for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the 
capital market, an entity which is wholly-owned by Sophisticated Investors, 
corporations, (other than formed for the specific purpose of an acquisition 
pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity in excess of NIS 50 
million, and 
individuals in respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the 
Investment Advice Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect 
of which 
at least one of the following applies: the total value of their cash, 
deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice Law) and 
EFTA01397444
--- PAGE 31 ---
securities traded on a 
stock exchange licensed under the Securities Law (together, "Liquid Assets") 
exceeds NIS 8 million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), 
or the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 1.8 million 
(approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all their Liquid Assets 
exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their level of income 
over each 
of the preceding two years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or 
the level of income of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately 
£150,000); each as defined in the said Addendum, as amended from time to 
time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they 
qualify as 
Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the consequences of such 
designation and agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will 
fall 
within the private placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment 
Trusts Law, the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements 
or 
rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product is purchasing such Product for its 
own benefit and account and not with the aim or intention of distributing or 
offering such Product to other parties (other than, in the case of an 
offeree which is a Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking 
corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product for another party 
which is 
a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this Presentation should be considered 
investment advice or investment marketing as defined in the Regulation of 
Investment Counselling, Investment Marketing and PortfolioManagement Law, 
5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this Presentation a recipient shall 
be required by the Fund to provide confirmation that it is a Sophisticated 
Investor 
purchasing Products for its own account or, where applicable, for other 
Sophisticated Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor 
does it constitute an offer to sell to or solicitation of an offer to buy 
from any person or persons in any state or other jurisdiction in which such 
offer or 
solicitation would be unlawful, or in which the person making such offer or 
solicitation is not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it 
is unlawful 
EFTA01397445
--- PAGE 32 ---
to make such offer or solicitation. 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of 
the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as 
amended) (the "FIEL") and, accordingly, any interest and/or investment in 
them 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances 
which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and 
guidelines 
promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities 
and in effect at the relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" means 
any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local 
Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan Securities 
Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, Japan 
Investment Advisers 
Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397446
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be 
construed as constituting, an offer or invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase any securities (as defined in the Capital Markets and Services Act 
2007) in Malaysia 
or interests (as defined in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for 
subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been issued outside 
of Malaysia and no issue, offer or invitation under this document has any 
effect in 
Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico. This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera 
del Exterior) not subject to the supervision of the National Banking and 
Securities Commission (Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the 
"CNBV"). The 
securities mentioned herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation 
System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the Mexican 
Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de Valores), therefore such securities, its 
issuance, 
offering, distribution and listing are not subject to the supervision of the 
CNBV or the provisions of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject 
to public 
offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV or the 
SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco. This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as a professional institutional 
investor which has such knowledge and experience in financial and business 
matters 
as to be capable of evaluating the risks and merits of an investment in the 
Fund. Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly 
licensed by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed 
portfolio management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 of July 26, 1991 
and Law 1.338 
of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the "Commission de Controle des 
Activites Financier-es. Such regulated intermediaries may in turn communicate 
this 
document to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment 
business" or "government agency" within the meaning of clause 37(1) and 
EFTA01397447
--- PAGE 34 ---
clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 
2013 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as 
contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or 
the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute 
an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive 
Regulations to the CapitalMarket Law (issued by Decision No.1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent 
investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such interests. The 
promotional documentation does not constitute an offer to the public and is 
for the 
use only of the named addressee and should not be given or shown to any 
other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with 
the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under any laws of the State of 
Qatar. No 
transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries 
regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the 
Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority (the 
"CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss 
arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this Presentation. 
Prospective purchasers of the interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due 
diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the interests. If 
you do not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of 
prospectuses 
would not apply, and this Presentation should not be construed in any way as 
a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment 
referred to in 
this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the investment is 
EFTA01397448
--- PAGE 35 ---
suitable for you. The product named in this Presentation is not authorized or 
recognized by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") and none of 
its interests / shares / units shall be allowed to be offered to retail 
public in 
Singapore. This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant 
products. The delivery of this Presentation to you should not be construed 
in any way as soliciting investment or offering to sell any interests 
described in this 
Presentation. Rather, before the sales of any fund product, the fund will 
first be registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a 
locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
liability for losses that might arise from making use of the information. If 
nothing is indicated to the contrary, all figures are unaudited. The 
information 
provided herein is for the exclusive use of the recipient. Private equity is 
private equity capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly 
(i.e., are 
not listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private equity investments, 
including 
the investment opportunity described herein, may include the following 
additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial portion of the investor's 
investment, (ii) 
investment managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier 
or more speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of 
liquidity as there may be no secondary market, (iv) volatility of returns, 
(v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of diversification, (vii) 
high fees and 
expenses, (viii) little or no requirement to provide periodic pricing and 
(ix) complex tax structures and delays in distributing important tax 
information to 
investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering documents, 
articles of association and audited financial statements can be obtained 
free of charge from the Representative. The place of performance for 
interests of the 
Fund offered or distributed in or from Switzerland is the registered office 
of the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in 
relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. 
Any dispute related to the distribution of interests of the Fund in and from 
Switzerland 
shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of the 
EFTA01397449
--- PAGE 36 ---
distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying Agent. A handling commission will 
be charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made 
through the Paying Agent, instructions and money must be received by the 
paying agent at least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397450
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Strictly Confidential 
Legal disclaimers 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by 
the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory Commission in 
St. Kitts and Nevis. No regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has 
passed upon 
the accuracy or adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority 
in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal 
counsel or accountant or financial advisor for advice on the various legal, 
tax or economic 
matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. There is risk involved 
in investing, with the ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public 
offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates and accordingly should not 
be construed as such. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited 
number of sophisticated investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such 
interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in the Fund 
have not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central 
Bank, the 
Securities and Commodities Authority or any other relevant licensing 
authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the 
use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's 
consideration thereof). No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any 
enquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of 
the offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have 
not confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Presentation. 
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor 
is such registration contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in 
EFTA01397451
--- PAGE 38 ---
the United States only to qualifying recipients of the Fund's private 
placement 
memorandum pursuant to the exemption from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where the 
offering 
will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only and are 
subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be 
transferred or resold 
except as provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under 
the Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that 
they will be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests 
for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors 
will 
not be afforded the protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be 
no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation on the part 
of any 
person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV, L.P. 
EFTA01397452
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust 
Company Americas (together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," 
"our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this 
presentation material. Although the information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources 
we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or 
fairness. Opinions and estimates 
that are contained in this presentation material may be changed without 
notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT YOU 
UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF 
THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING 
THE 
POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. YOU SHOULD 
ALSO 
CONSIDER MAKING SUCH INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR 
APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict 
future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other U.S. 
obligations of or guaranteed by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, Deutsche 
of their affiliates, and are 
subject to investment risks, including possible 
invested. Further, the securities 
described in this presentation have not been registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933 or the 
Investment Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material 
or its affiliates through arrangements that may or may not directly involve 
our solicitation agent activities, such 
as the provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including those of our 
investment representatives who may offer fund interests to clients, may now 
or in the future own interests in the 
fund described in this presentation material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied 
agreement, arrangement or understanding to the contrary, we hereby authorize 
you (and any of your 
employees, representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal 
governmental agency, are not 
Bank Securities Inc., or any 
loss of the principal amount 
EFTA01397453
--- PAGE 40 ---
and state securities laws, to disclose 
to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this potential 
transaction, and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to you related 
to such structure and tax aspects, 
without Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This 
authorization is effective without limitation of 
any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 027219 042718 
EFTA01397454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397455.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01397455
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion 
regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation ofan offer to buy an interest in 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying 
Fund") or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which will be furnished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more 
detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and 
conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person 
has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, 
if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in 
any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner ofthe Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors 
should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses 
that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, 
prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and 
expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. 
Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance 
allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk 
characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of 
interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of 
interest are describedmore fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
EFTA01397456
--- PAGE 3 ---
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are 
not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or 
that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of 
investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating 
results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of 
disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all 
ofwhich may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations 
contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any 
management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors, which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual 
performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction ofsuch fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. 
Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the 
additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or 
projection of future performance ofthe Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01397457
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect oflowering the net returns experienced by 
an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose ofmaking general market data available as 
a point of reference only. Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be 
available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions 
and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may 
have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors 
who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite 
period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other 
speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional 
investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks 
before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion ofthe investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct 
interestin 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective 
officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee 
or agent of any such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the 
Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
EFTA01397458
--- PAGE 5 ---
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to 
participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund 
or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations 
and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partnersin 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional 
Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has 
endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01397459
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally 
include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically 
private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission 
("SEC") and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) 
including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering 
documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may 
not be required by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a 
more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a 
manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment 
strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration ofan entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many 
private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential 
risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used 
excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short 
puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations — Further there have been a number ofhigh profile instances 
where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a 
guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance 
and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed 
carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights 
to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are 
not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary 
market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it 
determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds 
generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
EFTA01397460
--- PAGE 7 ---
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in 
which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the 
fund. In 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information 
from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to 
file its return without requesting an extension of time to file. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack oftax information may result in an investor being taxed 
on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based 
management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing 
may exceed those ofa long-onlymutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager; Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's 
manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity 
fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the 
private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due 
to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place 
your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial 
amount of their investors' money. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01397461
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Fund's terms is 
qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access 
Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated 
Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Fee3 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund terms 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
$5 million 
$1.75 billion 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date plus up 
to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
business days' prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date 
An AIFMD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to 
EFTA01397462
--- PAGE 9 ---
the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital 
0.85% of Invested Capital 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capital 
Access Fund* 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), LP 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
$250,000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the 
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-
year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 million 
$3 - <$5 million 
$5 million+6 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
During Investment 
Period4 
1.00% 
EFTA01397463
--- PAGE 10 ---
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years Following 
Investment Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
* Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
Thereafter 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
EFTA01397464
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns 
than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the 
Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory 
Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any 
portion ofthe Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum ofthe Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
ofcapital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations 
reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have 
the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount 
against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund 
expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower 
Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01397465
--- PAGE 12 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
2nd QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397466
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, 
for the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain 
existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your 
evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower 
Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF 
IV" or the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is being 
made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or professional advisers who are bound by 
obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis. Any past performance 
information herein is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of 
whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund. This Presentation may not be 
used for and does not constitute an offer to sell, 
or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase any interests or 
to engage in any other transaction. The information in this Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the information contained herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality 
of an investment in the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited Investors & Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal to each offeree and may only be used 
by those persons to whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information 
concerning the Fund. Strictly not for redistribution. 
Please refer to the "Important Information," "Key Definitions," "Important 
Information on the Track Record," "Important Information for Recipients in 
Certain Jurisdictions" and "Notes to Investment 
Performance" sections at the end of this Presentation for further important 
information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the 
performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to "$" or "US$" are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397467
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA01397468
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE 
fund at its inception 
— These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of 
investment 
— They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
— Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires 
the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital 
calls in the future 
— This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any 
time 
— Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less 
efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool 
for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
— The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
— The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called 
GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund 
extensions 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397469
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities) 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate JCurve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows) 
In '000 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
EFTA01397470
--- PAGE 17 ---
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
(1) This information is for discussion purposes and reflects Glendower 
Capital's own analysis. The graph is an example for illustrative purposes 
only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397471
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
— US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
— US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
— Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
— Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
— These deals represent 24% of the market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
— Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
— Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this slide is for illustrative purposes only and 
summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the 
slides in Section 3 "Secondary Market Update" of this presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397472
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397473
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Introduction1,2,3 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned 
by its partners 
— Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset 
Management on August 1st, 2017 
— Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 
billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
— Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows and negligible loss ratio 
— Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall 
program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-
investing strategy pursued since 2006 
— Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers globally 
— Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led 
transactions and single asset deals 
— With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as 
opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as 
prior fund 
— In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 
investors 
— Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
— Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June 
and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
(1) Performance as of September 30, 2017. Mature funds include SOF, SOF D 
and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III; 
(2) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017, and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this 
presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" section in particular 
includes, among other things, a description of the terms used in the 
tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the 
performance described above. Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
expenses, fees and carried interest. Investors should consult with 
their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in 
evaluating this information. Past performance is not a prediction of the 
future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no 
assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target 
results will be achieved. 
(3) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority. The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in total commitments with the 
aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally 
EFTA01397474
--- PAGE 21 ---
in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding 
and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, 
distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets from the 
secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the US and 
Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and 
specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder 
funds and other similar structures) on the secondary market (each such fund 
or structure, a "Fund Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of interests in 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market in transactions 
with greater complexity including spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders (each such investment 
interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) investments in an individual 
portfolio company 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such investment, a "Single 
Asset Deal"). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397475
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 20031 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
Established 
operational 
processes 
— Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
— Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
— Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
— US$3 billion in total client assets2 
— London and New York offices 
— 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
— 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
2003 
— Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
— Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
— Integrated, self-contained processes 
— Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
Team 
raises 
SOF II 
US$614m 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
2005 
2006 
EFTA01397476
--- PAGE 23 ---
2007 
2010 2011 
2014 
2017 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
restructure US$6bn 
Deutsche Bank PE 
proprietary portfolio 
Team 
raises 
SOF 
US$565m 
Team 
raises 
SOF D 
US$147m3 
Team 
raises 
SOF III 
US$1.65bn 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
(1) Period since 2003 includes time spent by members of the core senior 
management team at Deutsche Bank. 
(2) Actual committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at the 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397477
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Relevant years 
of experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; General Electric; 
The Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University; ACMA 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Deirdre Davies 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; KPMG 
BCom, KZN University, South Africa; CA (SA) 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Roome 
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
EFTA01397478
--- PAGE 25 ---
Vice President, Finance, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Devrup Banerjee 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
Aldrich Chan 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the team 
Rafael Enriquez - Hesles 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Fund 
Controller, New York 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit Suisse 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
Philippe Ferneini 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Sheldon Lee 
Analyst, 
London 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Tax, New 
EFTA01397479
--- PAGE 26 ---
York 
Victoria Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Associate, 
London 
Maxine 
Turner 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the team 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago Booth; 
MA, Milan Univ. 
Elena Smirnova 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Helena Turley 
Client Relations, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397480
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.Ox 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
EFTA01397481
--- PAGE 28 ---
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
"Important Information on the Track Record" sections of this Presentation. 
(2) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real 
estate strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
(4) TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397482
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance1,2,3 
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Lower Quartile 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
0% 
5% 
Upper Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple5 to limited partners 
2.5x 
2.Ox 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.Ox 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
EFTA01397483
--- PAGE 30 ---
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
0.5x 
0.Ox 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
Index RVPI SOF funds DPI SOF funds RVPI 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, 
formed between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against 
their respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison 
of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one 
benchmark only; quartiles may differ when compared to other benchmarking 
sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III data is not included in the data set 
used to calculate the benchmark data. 
(2) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Notes to Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(3) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the Glendower SOF Team. 
(4) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling 
they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. 
Median is the middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs 
included in a vintage year (minimum 8 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the 
thresholds for the upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on 
the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used 
in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 8 
funds). 
(5) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to 
calculate a dollar-weighted return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397484
--- PAGE 31 ---
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01397485
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profilel 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds_ _With a secondary cashflow 
profile 
TVPI2 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.0x 
SOF II 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & SOF III 
performance against one benchmark only. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team. Information presented in this chart is based on 
the unaudited results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance Information" 
sections of this presentation. 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Paid-In Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid-In 
Capital; Net IRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
dollar-weighted return. Net IRRs are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or 
benchmark performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less 
meaningful. Top quartile is the threshold for the upper (top 25%) quartile 
based on the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in 
EFTA01397486
--- PAGE 33 ---
conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 64 
funds). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
20% 
15% 
2.0x 
SOF 
25% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
DPI2 
2.5x 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2 
35% 
EFTA01397487
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public 
market indices 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
"Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of 
this presentation. 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
(2) MSCI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate 
EFTA01397488
--- PAGE 35 ---
benchmark to compare the performance of the SOF Funds, but rather is 
disclosed solely to allow comparison to that of certain well-known and 
widely recognized indices. 
(3) Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate the 
PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth 
of the total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in 
the index and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have 
been treated using the "all in method". 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
Net IRR 
EFTA01397489
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF Funds show consistent performancel 
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
-60% 
-40% 
-20% 
0% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.2x 
0.4x 
0.6x 
0.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
1.8x 
2.Ox 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.5x 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
2.Ox 
2.5x 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
EFTA01397490
--- PAGE 37 ---
Net IRR 
100% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and 
should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that 
any target results will be achieved. There is no guarantee that future 
performance will be consistent with past performance of SOF, SOF II and SOF 
III. Performance information on SOF D has not been included on this 
slide because SOF D is a single transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to 
underwrite pari-passu the Da Vinci transaction with SOF. Glendower does not 
expect that similar transactions will be available to SOF IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397491
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397492
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market index 
• Volume-driven 
—10 players 
M 
• Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
—10 players 
SOF III 
SOF II 
S 
• Low barriers to entry 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF and SOF D 
>50 players 
SOF IV 
(1) Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source: Preqin 
database and Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. 
Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397493
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
I Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
I Mid-market GP-led deals of US$100-250m 
IISingle-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
I Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
I Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
I Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
H No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
H Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
I Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl 
(1) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. 
There can be no assurance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. 
Further, Glendower may modify its portfolio construction criteria at any 
time and in any manner that it believes to be consistent with its overall 
investment objective in response to market conditions or other factors 
without notice to investors. 
Information provided as at September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance 
that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will be 
avoided. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
EFTA01397494
--- PAGE 41 ---
Average 20% discount to FMV 
Average -80% funded at time of entry 
EFTA01397495
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Fund Secondaries 
Description 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
• Single LP position 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Fund of funds 
• LP tenders 
Marketl 
• Many participants 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
Glendower Capital 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072 
Gross returns2 
SOF (harvested)3 
SOF II (maturing)3 
SOF III (early stage)3 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
high volatility and illiquidity 
US$5-100m 
40-60% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
(1) Glendower Capital estimate of market returns based on own market 
intelligence. 
(2) As of September 30, 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority 
profit share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other expenses. 
Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the 
"Important Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections 
of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" 
section in particular includes, among other things, a description of the 
terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and 
limitations as to the performance described above. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance. 
(3) For fund-level net returns, please refer to the overall transaction 
summaries for SOF, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
US$100-250m 
Up to 40% 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
EFTA01397496
--- PAGE 43 ---
GP-led Secondaries 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• Spin-outs 
• Recapitalizations 
• Portfolios of assets 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Secondary co-investments 
• Co-investments 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy selectively during periods 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
US$25-50m 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
EFTA01397497
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile 
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
— Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and 
were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
— Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to 
their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional 
acquisition of a LP interest 
— An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary 
dealflow 
— Glendower has developed an extensive track recordl over 15 transactions 
with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2 
— In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
— In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite 
meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
— Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of 
interests between the GP and Glendower: 
— Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried 
interest structure 
— Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that 
are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
— Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, 
recapitalizations, etc. 
— Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
— underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value 
creation 
(1) As of September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based 
on the unaudited performance results and should be read and reviewed in 
conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to the 
Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to 
Investment Performance" section in particular includes, among other things, 
a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
important guidelines and limitations as to the performance described above. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance. 
(2) Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397498
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Rigorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Wide funnel and narrow filter 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions, over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions,
(1) Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information as at 15 March 2018. 
Number of transactions includes follow-on investments and splits out 
transactions which have been consolidated in one deal for reporting 
purposes. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397499
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Modigliani 
(SOF II) 
US$38m 
34% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
225 assets 
Global 
Whitney 
(SOF II) 
US$64m 
27% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Seller 
European 
family offices 
Description 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
• Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
US 
pension fund 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
• US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
(SOF III) 
US$54m 
26% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Sovereign 
Wealth Fund 
• Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
• Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity, Calera, CVC 
EFTA01397500
--- PAGE 47 ---
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
(SOF III) 
US$36m 
37% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
• Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 1 1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01397501
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GP-led transactions and single asset deals 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Porter 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$220m 
9% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
assets 
US 
Seller 
Multiple 
Description 
• Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
• Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Laurel 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$147m 
24% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Southern 
European 
bank 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
private equity business 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Ionesco 
(SOF II) 
US$28m 
NA 
asset 
Europe 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
EFTA01397502
--- PAGE 49 ---
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
• Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Fitzgerald II 
(SOF III) 
US$37m 
10% 
asset 
US 
Global 
bank 
• Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 
1 
1 1 1 ) 
1 1 1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01397503
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397504
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 — 2018F 
US$bn 
6x 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
GP-led Secondary 
F = Forecast. There is no guarantee the estimate highlighted will 
materialize. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or guarantee of future market volume. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2013 
2014 
Fund Secondary 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and own estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions 
Discussion Materials, May 2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
2018 Forecast 
US$60+ billion 
EFTA01397505
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA01397506
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
_And 
Total 
US$bn 
increased propensity to trade 
PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillionl 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
(1) Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 
values as at June. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2x 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
EFTA01397507
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
In 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
— Overheated market in 2006 and 2007 
— Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
Pricing % of NAV 
100 
110 
2005 
2006 
2007 
108 
104 
PREMIUM 
DISCOUNT 
— Few transactions closed at this pricing 
— Mostly unfunded LP interests 
— Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
— Stable for 7 years at 80-90c/$ 
Annual volume US$bn 
EFTA01397508
--- PAGE 55 ---
2008 
2009 
2010 
Secondary market volume 
Bubble 
Crisis 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Secondary market pricing 
Normalized 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Update, March 2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
EFTA01397509
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supplyl... 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
...but dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
Dry Pow der / 
Deal Volume 
3.7x 
2.2x 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on Greenhill Secondary Pricing 
Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on 2018 Preqin Global Private 
Equity & Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & 
Analysis, January 2018 and Bain & Company Global Private Equity 
Report 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397510
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
US$bn 
250 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintagesl 
US$600 billion 
226 
201 
200 
186 
150 
193 
137 
129 
100 
Financial 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
Crisis 
(1) Source: 2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
(2) Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Post Crisis 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
149 144 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
Seller composition breakdown2 
EFTA01397511
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA01397512
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
Illustrative transactions 
Brand-name 
managers 
GPs seeking 
liquidity for worse 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
Quality 
mid-market 
managers 
looking to provide a 
• liquidity option in 
year 10+ or 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Underperforming 
managers 
Zombies 
looking for 
solutions make 
unlikely targets 
ZOMBIE GPs 
7.1 
15% 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
EFTA01397513
--- PAGE 60 ---
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
9.0 
20% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, January 2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide 
to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1 
9 
5% 
Over 7,000 private equity funds 
EFTA01397514
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397515
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF III Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
2014 
11% 
US$1,654m 
6% 
1,931m 
1,036m 
316m 
1,026m 
US$1,342m 
Investment strategy 
1% 
24% 
0.30x 
0.99x 
58% 
1.30x 
30% 
Vintage year 
12% 
17% 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
44% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
11% 
26% 
10% 
24% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
EFTA01397516
--- PAGE 63 ---
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
9% 
9% 
5% 
6% 
3% 
5% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
21% 
19% 
11% 
12% 
Other 
Natural Resources 
Communications & Media 
Technology 
Business Services 
Financial Services 
Real Estate 
Industrials 
Healthcare 
Consumer 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397517
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF III Portfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
Real Estate 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30, 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397518
--- PAGE 65 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Sunrise 
Klein 
Penguin II 
A 
B 
C 
Portfolio 
Funds 
D 
Portfolio 
E 
F 
GP-led 
Single asset 
deal 
APAC 
Global 
Early Stage 
Deal Type 
GP-led 
GP-led 
GP-led 
Single Fund 
Single Fund 
Funds 
Global 
Early Stage 
Region 
North America 
EMEA 
Global 
APAC 
Global 
Stage 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Advanced 
Advanced 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
Intermediated $524 million 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
EFTA01397519
--- PAGE 66 ---
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
Intermediated $50 million 
Intermediated $200 million 
Early Stage Limited Process $1.4 billion 
North America Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
SOF IV 
Investment 
$100 million 
€60-100 million 
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
$50 million 
$200 million 
$100+ million 
$20 million 
Description 
• Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
• Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
• Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
and mezzanine funds 
• Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
• Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
• Opportunity to purchase founder's shares in an existing 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
For discussion purposes only. There is no guarantee that any pipeline 
investment will complete or form part of a future invested portfolio or that 
it will be available or, after further due diligence, prove suitable for SOF 
IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397520
--- PAGE 67 ---
EFTA01397521
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF IV — Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: April 2018 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive midmarket 
investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
— Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
— The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
ca. $100m 
7% 
1.1x 
100% 
No 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
— GP with strong track record 
— Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
— Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
— Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
US 
EFTA01397522
--- PAGE 69 ---
Consumer 
years 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397523
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF IV — Project Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 midmarket 
pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
— Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
— The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
— Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
June 2018 
€60-100m (US$80-120m) 
>5% 
1.1x 
80% 
No 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
Europe / UK 
Business services / Healthcare services 
years 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
— Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
EFTA01397524
--- PAGE 71 ---
Investment rationale 
— Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
— Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to 
contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397525
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397526
--- PAGE 73 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF IV — Master Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
English private fund limited partnership 
US$1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three 
one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the 
SOF IV advisory committee) 
US$5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitall for a period of 2 years after the Investment 
Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund (the 
"Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. 
For further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such 
documents are in the process of being prepared and will be made available to 
prospective investors upon request. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the 
remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397527
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF IV - ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
1 
— Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
— LP favorable clawback provision 
— 100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
— Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate 
commitments) 
Governance 
— Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
— Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of 
investment period 
— No Fault Divorce with 66% vote of LPs 
— Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate 
limitations on investment concentration 
— Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
— Comprehensive financial reporting 
— GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
— General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
— Detailed due diligence provided 
LP = limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Association. The 
full guidelines can be found at http://ilpa.org/principles-version-2-0/. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397528
--- PAGE 75 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397529
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIRZIO-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web 
Tech; General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business 
School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University, 
ACMA 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and coinvestments. 
Before Deutsche Bank, Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds; an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
EFTA01397530
--- PAGE 77 ---
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
Prior to Glendower, Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Based in London, Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006, he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously, Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
EFTA01397531
--- PAGE 78 ---
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397532
--- PAGE 79 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
BCom, University of South 
Africa; CA (SA) 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank, Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital, CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe, Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS, Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse, Lafarge 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago 
Booth; MA, Milan University 
Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fund and the business. 
Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower, Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then, Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
EFTA01397533
--- PAGE 80 ---
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Based in London, Emilio is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe, 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid, Spain. 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co-investment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's € 6billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., 
an Italian merchant bank, where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397534
--- PAGE 81 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Principal 
Deutsche Bank, Bank of 
America, Freddie Mac 
BBA, George Washington 
University; MBA Columbia 
Business School 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
MA Economics and 
Management, Oxford 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
BS Finance, New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Credit 
Suisse, Booz & Company 
Diplome d'Ingenieur, 
Telecom ParisTech; 
MBA Chicago Booth School 
of Business. 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
EFTA01397535
--- PAGE 82 ---
Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012, Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Bank's Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stern 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pennsylvania's 
Wharton School of Business. 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senior Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397536
--- PAGE 83 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
BSc Economics, LSE 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
MSc Global Banking and 
Finance, European Business 
School, London 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
BSc Economics, LSE 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE, 
Deutsche Bank 
BS Finance, Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012, Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
EFTA01397537
--- PAGE 84 ---
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015, having achieved first class 
honors. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group, and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance, having 
achieved University Honors. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397538
--- PAGE 85 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
BSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Bucknell 
University 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
MSc Industrial Management, 
KTH 
BSc Industrial Engineering, 
Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and MAcc, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance, 
Deutsche Bank, Grant Thornton 
Bcom (Mons) Accounting 
Services, University of Pretoria. 
Based in New York, Rafael supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acquisitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London, in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
EFTA01397539
--- PAGE 86 ---
Technology, Sweden, and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy, France. 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team, first as financial controller and 
then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin — Madison. 
Based in London, Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011-13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (lions) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397540
--- PAGE 87 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF III - Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
Fund size 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
Number of investors 
20-Oct-2014 
US$1.65 billion 
US$33 million 
921 
SWF 
21% 
Investor region 
Size of individual commitments 
21% 
100% 
18% 
North 
America 
44% 
Europe 
20% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Asia 
Pacific 
17% 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
<$25m 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
$25-50m 
$50-100M 
$100-150m 
(1) The number of investors includes all investors in SOF III with 
commitments over US$2m. The total number of investors, including those 
investing through private wealth feeder funds, is 470. 
>$150m 
8% 
16% 
37% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
Foundation 
EFTA01397541
--- PAGE 88 ---
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
Investor type 
GP 
2% 
Pension 
32% 
EFTA01397542
--- PAGE 89 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name Sourcing 
1- Porter 
2- Fitzgerald II 
3- Malcolm 
4- Costa 
5- Diamond 
6- Mozart 
7- Leibovitz 
8- Pascoli 
9- Clegane 
10- Steinbeck II 
11- Minnow 
12- Neon 
13- Gonzaga 
14- Drive 
15- Flute 
16- Iskar 
17- Bosch 
18- Staccato 
19- Rose 
20- Janos 
21- Aurum 
22- Laurel 
23- Tower I & II 
24- Falco 
25- Peak 
26- Amy 
27- Chaucer 
28- Westeros 
29- Eddard 
30- Sutherland 
31- Christophe 
32- Newton 
33- Mitchell 
34- Gini 
35- Artemis 
SOF III Closed 
Seller type 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
EFTA01397543
--- PAGE 90 ---
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
Multiple 
Multiple 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Limited Process Multiple 
Syndication 
Pension 
Financial Institution 
Corporate 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process SWF 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Family Office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Family Office 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Public to Private 
EFTA01397544
--- PAGE 91 ---
Limited Process SWF 
Deal type 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Family Office / HNWI Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
EFTA01397545
--- PAGE 92 ---
149 
Companies 
1,294 
169 
EFTA01397546
--- PAGE 93 ---
968 
2,837 
Invested capital 
(US$m) 
144.9 
36.8 
109.4 
12.9 
23.0 
25.5 
61.2 
27.5 
14.7 
100.0 
65.3 
7.2 
14.3 
17.6 
54.7 
34.6 
86.6 
40.2 
27.0 
29.9 
23.1 
101.6 
41.8 
13.7 
79.0 
35.7 
154.9 
239.7 
51.3 
9.5 
44.2 
118.0 
32.0 
42.0 
11.4 
1,931.2 
Funded capital 
EFTA01397547
--- PAGE 94 ---
(US$m) 
117.2 
36.8 
46.0 
13.0 
9.7 
25.5 
65.7 
27.5 
14.7 
49.0 
9.3 
6.5 
15.1 
17.6 
13.9 
26.6 
40.2 
26.0 
26.7 
29.9 
22.9 
40.7 
27.6 
7.1 
57.2 
15.0 
81.6 
178.6 
27.6 
9.8 
3.4 
4.4 
31.9 
27.4 
10.5 
1162.6 
Initial 
closing 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q1 15 
Q2 15 
Q2 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q4 15 
EFTA01397548
--- PAGE 95 ---
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q1 16 
Q1 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q4 16 
Q4 16 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q2 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Gross 
multiple 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.6x 
0.8x 
1.2x 
0.0x 
1.8x 
1.2x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.Ox 
2.6x 
1.4x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.5x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
0.7x 
2.1x 
1.7x 
1.7x 
1.2x 
EFTA01397549
--- PAGE 96 ---
1.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.5x 
1.6x 
0.9x 
4.1x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.3x 
1.4x 
Portfolio detail 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Global — real estate 
Europe — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Global — buyout 
Europe — real estate 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — diversified 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — real estate 
US - diversified 
Europe - buyout 
US - mid-market buyout 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
EFTA01397550
--- PAGE 97 ---
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections. Past 
performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397551
--- PAGE 98 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2011 
US$614m 
668m 
16% 
509m 
592m 
187m 
US$779m 
1.16x 
22% 
0.37x 
1.53x 
20% 
Vintage year 
12% 
5% 
6% 
Europe 
56% 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
1% 
20% 
38% 
54% 
4% 
4% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
EFTA01397552
--- PAGE 99 ---
21% 
17% 
13% 
10% 
11% 
8% 
19% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
2014 - 2015 
5% 
7% 
3% 
5% 
Other 
Communications & Media 
Real Estate 
Natural Resources 
Financial Services 
Healthcare 
Technology 
Business Services 
Consumer 
Industrials 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397553
--- PAGE 100 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Monet I, II 
2- Beethoven 
3- Rembrandt 
4- Giant 
5- Hemingway 
6- Modigliani I-V & RE 
8- Hockney 
9- Chagall 
10- Hopper 
11- Donatello 
12- Pollock 
13- Whitney 
15- Constable 
16- Cecconi 
17- Bailey 
18- Steinbeck 
19- Guardi 
21- Windmill I, II 
23- Browning 
24lonesco 
25-
Zampieri 
26- Fitzgerald 
28- Porter 
29- Fitzgerald II 
30- Abels 
31- Laurel 
SOF II 
Sourcing 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited process 
Syndication 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
EFTA01397554
--- PAGE 101 ---
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Seller type 
Pension 
Multiple 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Pension Fund 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary / Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
EFTA01397555
--- PAGE 102 ---
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
Companiesl 
225 
EFTA01397556
--- PAGE 103 ---
140 
737 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
46.8 
27.1 
2.2 
3.4 
16.4 
38.4 
9.5 
9.4 
15.1 
3.0 
13.4 
64.0 
26.1 
12.8 
30.2 
97.3 
13.3 
22.7 
8.8 
27.7 
23.8 
15.0 
74.7 
10.0 
11.8 
45.2 
668.1 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
45.8 
26.9 
2.2 
EFTA01397557
--- PAGE 104 ---
3.1 
16.4 
37.1 
8.1 
8.4 
14.1 
3.0 
13.1 
21.5 
24.3 
11.0 
30.5 
81.7 
11.8 
20.5 
7.1 
26.8 
23.4 
15.0 
60.4 
10.0 
10.6 
19.0 
551.7 
Initial 
closing 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q4 11 
Q4 11 
Q1 12 
Q2 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q4 12 
Q1 13 
Q2 13 
Q2 13 
Q3 13 
Q4 13 
Q1 14 
Q1 14 
Q2 14 
Q2 14 
Q3 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
EFTA01397558
--- PAGE 105 ---
Q3 16 
Gross 
multiple 
0.7x 
1.6x 
3.0x 
1.8x 
1.0x 
2.Ox 
1.5x 
1.6x 
1.6x 
1.1x 
2.3x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.8x 
2.4x 
1.3x 
1.8x 
0.7x 
1.9x 
2.8x 
1.6x 
1.4x 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.3x 
2.Ox 
1.7x 
Portfolio detail 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — late stage venture 
US — mezzanine 
US — special situations 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — diversified 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — diversified 
EFTA01397559
--- PAGE 106 ---
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — diversified 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF II is 1.5x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of this 
Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397560
--- PAGE 107 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Invested capital 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2006 
6% 0% 
US$565m 
549m 
421m 
756m 
20m 
US$775m 
1.80x 
0.05x 
1.84x 
22% 
Vintage year 
10% 
2% 
20% 
Europe 
90% 
North 
America 
10% 
33% 
46% 
Pre 2006 
2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV = Fair Market Value 
Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and 
there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
5% 
Financial Services 
IT and Technology 
18% 
EFTA01397561
--- PAGE 108 ---
Business Services 
49% 
45% 
Large Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
28% 
Healthcare 
Sector composition 
21% 
Industrials 
18% 
Other 
EFTA01397562
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Leonardo 
2- Sprint 
3- Constellation 
4- Crown 
5- Freedom 
6- Pigeon 
7- Hoover I 
8- Hoover II 
9- Amadeus I 
10- Hoover III 
11- Amadeus II 
12- Hoover IV 
13- Hoover V 
14/21- Bach 
15- Hoover VI 
16- Hoover VII 
17- Hoover VIII 
18- DaVinci 
19- Imperial 
20- Hoover IX 
SOF 
18- DaVinci 
SOF and SOF D 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively. Converted from EUR to US$ using a rate of 1.1822. 
(3) The performance figures are based on unaudited fair values and should be 
read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Important Performance Information" sections. Gross returns are gross of 
fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the investment 
level so performance is not expected to be representative of investment 
returns to investors. Investors should consult with their own advisers 
as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this 
information. Past performance is not a prediction of future performance, but 
it is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
EFTA01397563
--- PAGE 110 ---
that any target results will be achieved. 
(4) Hoover transactions represent the investments made by SOF via a special 
purpose vehicle ("SPV") attracting additional accounting and administrative 
expenses. The actual performance for the SPV may be lower than 
the performance of the individual investments because of the additional 
accounting and administrative expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this 
SPV, including the fees and expenses is 1.9x. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Sourcing 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Seller type 
Financial Institution 
Public to private 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family Office 
Financial Institution 
Endowment 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Multiple 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family office 
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
EFTA01397564
--- PAGE 111 ---
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Sub Total 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
154 
154 
Companiesl 
EFTA01397565
--- PAGE 112 ---
609 
104 
196 
193 
152 
294 
1,774 
193 
1,774 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
205.3 
36.0 
16.5 
19.4 
15.0 
22.8 
0.4 
0.1 
16.1 
2.7 
5.4 
3.3 
3.4 
39.0 
4.8 
2.9 
0.5 
103.3 
51.1 
0.8 
548.8 
138.1 
686.9 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
166.0 
EFTA01397566
--- PAGE 113 ---
36.1 
16.7 
21.6 
12.1 
24.7 
0.4 
0.3 
16.2 
2.6 
5.5 
2.6 
3.5 
32.3 
5.8 
2.8 
0.5 
53.7 
29.4 
0.7 
433.3 
67.2 
500.5 
Initial 
closing 
Q1 07 
Q3 07 
Q3 07 
Q4 07 
Q2 08 
Q4 08 
Q4 08 
Q1 09 
Q1 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q4 09 
Q4 09 
Q1 10 
Q2 10 
Q3 10 
Q3 10 
Q4 10 
Q4 10 
Q3 10 
Gross 
multiple 
2.0x 
3.0x 
0.9x 
1.7x 
EFTA01397567
--- PAGE 114 ---
0.3x 
1.3x 
1.9x 
8.8x 
2.4x 
0.8x 
3.3x 
2.2x 
1.7x 
2.0x 
1.7x 
3.4x 
2.8x 
3.Ox 
1.9x 
2.6x 
2.1x 
3.Ox 
2.2x 
Portfolio detail 
US / Europe — diversified 
Europe — buyout 
US / Europe — growth equity 
Europe — special situations 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Asia — diversified 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — venture capital 
US / Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — mezzanine 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — diversified 
EFTA01397568
--- PAGE 115 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being made available 
to you (the "Recipient") by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority, for the purpose of providing certain summary 
information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to 
known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered into at the date that this Presentation is 
made available but that Glendower expects will occur or be entered into 
thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, 
which contain additional information about the investment objective, terms 
and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any 
investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if 
made, may not be relied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to 
qualified investors on a confidential basis at their 
request. The information contained in this Presentation will be superseded 
by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such offering 
documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Investors 
should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the 
meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
EFTA01397569
--- PAGE 116 ---
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered Party") are provided on an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered 
Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before 
taking action with respect to any services, material, or 
information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse also will not 
solicit a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the 
Covered Party to provide investment advisory services to or on behalf of the 
Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by 
Glendower or its affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative, or 
other agent thereof) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation 
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure, provided, however, that such disclosure shall not include the 
name (or other identifying information not relevant to the tax structure or 
tax treatment) of any person and shall not include 
information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to 
comply with applicable securities laws. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397570
--- PAGE 117 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns generated by the Fund will equal or 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement its 
investment strategies or achieve its investment objectives. The Fund's 
investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by 
Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment 
and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this 
Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional information), correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any 
additional information to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible 
subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or its 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors, 
officers, partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case 
of fraud) for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential), damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by any person 
as a result of relying on any statement in, or omission from, this 
Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current assumptions, may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other 
events that were not taken into account may occur and may significantly 
affect the analysis herein. Therefore, changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. 
Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, 
opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding 
whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be reliable for the 
purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
EFTA01397571
--- PAGE 118 ---
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not treat this Presentation as tax, 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to 
the Recipient of this information and this information should not and cannot 
be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation 
are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability 
and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated 
with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397572
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment, but not including any GP-led Secondary) as reasonably determined 
by the Manager as the context requires. "Fund Secondary" means (a) an 
interest held directly or indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a 
fund of funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a 
standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the 
Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in 
clause (a) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or 
has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the 
aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their 
aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period 
that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) shall be deemed to 
equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be 
determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest, but not 
including any Single Asset Deals) as reasonably determined by the Manager as 
the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
"SOF Team" and "Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the 
Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index": The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market 
index of the bottom 2,000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is 
maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"MSCI World Index": The MSCI World Index is a broad global equity benchmark 
that represents large and mid-cap equity performance across 23 developed 
markets countries. It covers approximately 
85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private 
Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private 
equity buyout asset class by constructing a 
EFTA01397573
--- PAGE 120 ---
combination of sector portfolio returns. These sector portfolios are 
designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by 
holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investing directly in private equity firms. 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397574
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
and its affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an 
independent private equity firm owned by its partners focused on secondary 
transactions in private markets. The performance information and track 
record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date, 
including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team were 
employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating 
the track record, each Recipient should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
and Charles Smith have been permanent voting members of the SOF Funds 
investment committees since inception; (ii) Chi 
Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the 
majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and 
have been permanent voting members since January 2013; (iii) other employees 
of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at 
different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the 
investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment 
professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to 
provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management 
(Global) Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the 
SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or investment committee 
members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Glendower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information 
and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines, including, but not limited to, the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 204-2 thereunder, 
and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance 
information by Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net 
IRR" shall mean an aggregate, compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, 
internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash flows. 
Calculations are presented based on actual cash flows 
to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" basis 
unless otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection 
EFTA01397575
--- PAGE 122 ---
with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are 
borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce returns 
and, in the aggregate, are expected to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors, 
including as a result of an investor's domicile). Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. Returns reflect purchase price netting in all 
instances where subscription credit lines, payment deferrals, and permanent 
fund borrowing have been utilized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to 
date. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") represents aggregate 
distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in 
Capital ("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest 
held within the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital 
("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, 
etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant investment fund. Any such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner 
believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the actual realized returns 
on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior 
performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly, the actual 
realized returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets") presented herein are 
based on Glendower's views regarding the returns on investments that such 
funds may be able to achieve during their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, 
current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being 
reviewed or have recently been reviewed, 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions 
and market fluctuation or recovery. The Targets are also based on models, 
estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee 
that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as 
anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. Individual investments made by such funds may have anticipated 
returns below or above the Targets. The Targets are hypothetical and are 
EFTA01397576
--- PAGE 123 ---
neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the 
funds to fail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns, gross 
Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, "carried 
interest," taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of 
unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, 
which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantial. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397577
--- PAGE 124 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(the "AIFMD"), the Fund will constitute an EU AIF (as defined in the AIFMD) 
whose AIFM (as defined in the AIFMD) is the 
Manager, itself an EU AIFM. Except as provided below in respect of the 
specific member states listed, this Presentation and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the interests in the Fund, shall 
only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their 
registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are "professional investors". For these purposes, a 
"professional investor" is a person who is considered to be a professional 
client or who may, on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 2004/39/EC. 
AIFMD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member State") which 
has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this 
Presentation may only be distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) 
the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the 
relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the 
local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully 
distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed 
in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to 
individual circumstances, or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation 
to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of 
investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future 
results and is no guarantee to future results. This Presentation has been 
prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is 
defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) 
EFTA01397578
--- PAGE 125 ---
(the "Act") and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (11) (respectively) of the Act, 
in respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 6D 
or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial 
product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product 
disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation is not 
required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be 
required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it 
required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission. The funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia, Credit 
Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch, are not 
authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent 
deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit 
Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of such Credit 
Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents No 
offer to the public to purchase the Fund's interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to 
be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown 
to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, 
a prospectus, an advertisement, a public 
offering, an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public 
offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is 
obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment 
will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no 
circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as 
investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397579
--- PAGE 126 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered with the Registrar of Companies. This 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an 
invitation or offer to the public. As such, it must not be distributed or 
redistributed to and may not be relied upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the 
information contained herein references securities of an issuer 
incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in 
Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, 
the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described 
herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in 
the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities not registered with the SVS 
may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption 
apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors 
pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not "addressed to the public 
in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public"). For 
additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities, please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China ("PRC") or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These 
materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or 
entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory or investment management services. 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
EFTA01397580
--- PAGE 127 ---
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. 
Neither the products, nor the Management Company/Issuers have and will not 
be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make its own inquiries and consult its own advisors as to 
this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers, including the 
merits and risks involved, and as to legal, tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing 
material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign 
financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. 
Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial Code (Code Monetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is 
being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests 
will be concluded in Haiti. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397581
--- PAGE 128 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any interests or securities may not 
be offered or sold and have not been offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means 
of any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 
622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no 
person has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and 
will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether 
in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any 
interests or securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that will not constitute "an offer to the 
public" under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 
("the Securities Law") or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, 
5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during 
any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum ("the Addendum") to the 
Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or 
mutual trust funds, provident funds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers 
(purchasing Products for themselves), members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange 
(purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing Products 
for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the capital 
market, an entity which is wholly-owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations, (other than formed for the specific 
purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity 
in excess of NIS 50 million, and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice 
EFTA01397582
--- PAGE 129 ---
Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect of which at least 
one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice 
Law) and securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities 
Law (together, "Liquid Assets") exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income over each of the 
preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), or the 
level of income of their "family unit" exceeds 
NIS 1.8 million (approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all 
their Liquid Assets exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their 
level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or the level of income 
of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately £150,000); each as 
defined in the said Addendum, as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation 
that they qualify as Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the 
consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private 
placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the 
Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities 
Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the 
aim or intention of distributing or offering such Product to other parties 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this 
Presentation should be considered investment advice or investment marketing 
as defined in the Regulation of Investment 
Counselling, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide 
confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its 
own account or, where applicable, for other Sophisticated 
Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or 
other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful, or 
in which the person making such offer or solicitation is 
not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397583
--- PAGE 130 ---
EFTA01397584
--- PAGE 131 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEL") and, 
accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under 
circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the 
relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities (as defined in the 
Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined 
in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been 
issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera del Exterior) not subject to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the "CNBV"). The securities mentioned 
herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the 
Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, its issuance, offering, distribution 
and listing are not subject to the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions 
of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV 
or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor which has such knowledge and 
EFTA01397585
--- PAGE 132 ---
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating 
the risks and merits of an investment in the Fund. 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed 
by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed portfolio 
management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 
of July 26, 1991 and Law 1.338 of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the 
"Commission de Controle des Activites Financier-es. Such regulated 
intermediaries may in turn communicate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment business" or "government agency" 
within the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New 
Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman 
(Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the 
solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.-
1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397586
--- PAGE 133 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent investigation of the risks involved in an 
investment in such interests. The promotional documentation does not 
constitute an offer to the public and is for the use only of the named 
addressee and should not be given or shown to any other 
person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the State of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your 
jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be 
made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests 
offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the interests. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the 
SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this 
Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred 
to in this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the 
investment is suitable for you. The product named in this 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS") and none of its interests / shares / units shall be 
allowed to be offered to retail public in Singapore. 
This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant products. The delivery of this Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or 
offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, 
before the sales of any fund product, the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
EFTA01397587
--- PAGE 134 ---
liability for losses that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indicated to the contrary, all 
figures are unaudited. The information provided herein is for the exclusive 
use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e., are not 
listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private 
equity investments, including the investment opportunity described herein, 
may include the following additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial 
portion of the investor's investment, (ii) investment 
managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier or more 
speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of liquidity 
as there may be no secondary market, (iv) 
volatility of returns, (v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of 
diversification, (vii) high fees and expenses, (viii) little or no 
requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributing important tax information to investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering 
documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of charge from the Representative. 
The place of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in 
or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the 
Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Switzerland shall be subject to the 
jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be charged by the Paying Agent. If a 
subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions 
and money must be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397588
--- PAGE 135 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the 
Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult 
his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her 
investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The interests in 
the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated 
investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in 
the Fund have not been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental 
agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in 
the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of the offering, including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying 
recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other 
EFTA01397589
--- PAGE 136 ---
jurisdictions where the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold 
for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and 
resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the 
Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will 
not be registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public market 
for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01397590
--- PAGE 137 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained 
from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this 
presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF 
YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. 
YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH 
PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other 
U S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their 
affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the 
principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this 
presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment 
Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material or its affiliates through 
arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the 
provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to 
clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in 
this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or 
understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, 
representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state 
securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this 
potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or 
EFTA01397591
--- PAGE 138 ---
other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without 
Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is 
effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 
027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
EFTA01397592

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397593.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397593.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Letter of Authorization for Fund Investment 
Dear Client: 
In connection with your subscription for an interest in the alternative 
investment fund 
listed below (the "Fund") that is managed by iCapital Advisors, LLC (the 
"Manager") and offered 
by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ("Deutsche Bank") as placement agent, 
Deutsche Bank will be 
required to provide the Manager, the Fund or their affiliates, or the Fund's 
administrator 
(collectively referred to herein as "iCapital Parties") with certain 
information about you, as 
follows: 
1. If you are a natural person: 
Your name, residential address, and social security or other tax 
identification 
number; 
Evidence regarding date of birth and confirmation of middle initial of 
name; 
Copies of identification documents such as your passport or driver's 
license; 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial 
condition as 
required by applicable law. 
2. If you are a corporate structure or trust: 
Incorporation documentation / formation documentation (for example, 
certificate of incorporation, memorandum & articles, trust deed (including 
incorporation documentation for any corporate entities or trusts who are 
beneficial owners of the undersigned); 
ID documentation for individuals who are beneficial owners (>25%); 
Other information related to verification of identity and financial 
condition as 
required by applicable law. 
This information is referred to herein as the "Information". Accordingly, 
Deutsche Bank 
requests your consent to share your Information with the iCapital Parties 
and to receive from 
the iCapital Parties information pertaining to your Fund investment. 
Deutsche Bank regards protecting your personal information as one of our 
fundamental 
responsibilities. 
*** PLEASE TURN THE TO NEXT PAGE 
Confidential 
* * * 
EFTA01397593
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
*** PLEASE CHECK THE FOLLOWING BOXES AND SIGN BELOW *** 
Name of Fund: 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
K The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to provide the undersigned's 
Information to the iCapital Parties in order to assist the iCapital Parties 
to verify the 
undersigned's identity or obtain other "know your customer" information in 
connection with 
the undersigned's investment in the Fund. 
K The undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to transfer funds from the 
undersigned's Deutsche Bank account referenced below (the "Client Account") 
in order to fund 
any required capital contribution by the undersigned to the Fund. 
K In addition, the undersigned authorizes Deutsche Bank to receive from the 
iCapital Parties any information relating to the undersigned's Fund 
investment, including but 
not limited to all correspondence, statements of account and valuations, at 
the electronic 
and/or physical address directed by Deutsche Bank. 
K The undersigned acknowledges that (1) Fund interests will not be held at 
Deutsche Bank; (2) estimated values of the Fund provided by the iCapital 
Parties to Deutsche 
Bank and reported on Client Account statements provided by Deutsche Bank 
will be for 
informational purposes only and may not reflect current Fund values or 
recent activity; and (3) 
statements of account for the Fund will be sent directly to the undersigned 
by the iCapital 
Parties, and not by Deutsche Bank. 
The undersigned's authorization shall be valid until revoked in writing. 
Client Authorization: 
(If you are signing on behalf of your organization, please ensure you are an 
authorized 
signatory) 
Name: 
Signature:  
Title (if applicable): 
Date:  
Deutsche Bank Representative Name / Number (if applicable): 
Subscription Amount: $ 
Confidential 
EFTA01397594
--- PAGE 3 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Placement Fee: $ 
Initial Capital Contribution Amount: $ 
Deutsche Bank Account Number: 
Confidential 
EFTA01397595

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397596.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397596.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement 
Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
(For Investors referred by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.) 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
April 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01397596
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund") with respect to Investors referred or introduced to the 
Access Fund by Deutsche Bank 
Securities Inc. acting through its Wealth Management division ("DBSI"). The 
Access Fund is expected to 
invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with any parallel funds thereto, 
the "Underlying Fund"). To the 
extent that any statement or information contained in the Memorandum is 
inconsistent with this 
Supplement, such statement or information is hereby amended by this 
Supplement. The Memorandum 
remains in effect except to the extent supplemented or modified herein, and 
nothing herein modifies or 
changes or should be deemed to modify or change in any way the information 
contained in the section 
entitled "Important Disclosures" in the Memorandum. Capitalized terms used 
but not defined herein shall 
have the meanings ascribed to them in the Memorandum. All references in the 
Memorandum to "this 
Memorandum" shall refer to the Memorandum as supplemented hereby. This 
Supplement has been 
furnished on a confidential basis and may not be reproduced or used for any 
other purposes. Each person 
accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the 
General Partner or if such person determines not to invest in the Access 
Fund, including indirectly through 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with 
the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). Notwithstanding anything contained 
herein (and in the 
Subscription Agreement, the Partnership Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each 
Investor (and each employee, representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their 
advisors (including, without limitation, their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without limitation of any kind, the 
tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other 
tax analyses) that are provided to 
Investors relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, provided, 
however, that no Investor (and no 
EFTA01397597
--- PAGE 3 ---
employee, representative or other agent thereof) shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to 
understanding the tax treatment or tax structure of such transaction 
(including the identity of the party and 
any information that could lead another to determine the identity of any 
party) or any other information to 
the extent that such disclosure could 
any U.S. federal or state securities 
law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify 
information regarding 
DBSI's appointment as Placement Agent 
thereto. 
reasonably result in a violation of 
and update the Memorandum to provide 
and the compensation and fees related 
EFTA01397598
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The information contained in the Memorandum under the heading "Summary of 
Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund" is hereby amended by adding the following information to the 
last page: 
Servicing Fee: 
The General Partner, the Investment Manager and the Access Funds have 
entered into a placement 
agreement with Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the "DBSI Placement 
Agreement"), pursuant to which 
DBSI or one or more of its affiliates ("Deutsche Bank") will act as a 
Placement Agent and refer and/or 
introduce certain of its clients to the Access Funds (each such client that 
subscribes to the Access Fund, a 
"DB Introduced Person"). The Investment Manager will, in exchange for 
Deutsche Bank performing 
certain servicing functions, pay to Deutsche Bank in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person that is not in 
default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement 
(including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing 
basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced 
Person, a fee (the "Servicing Fee"). 
The Servicing Fee will be payable quarterly in advance and will be 
calculated as follows: 
(i.) 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(ii.) 
during the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in 
respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of the 
aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund, multiplied by: 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; 
after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second 
anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the 
EFTA01397599
--- PAGE 5 ---
product of the 
amount of such DB Introduced Person's allocable share (based upon 
Subscriptions) of the 
Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied by: 
a. 
b. 
c. 
(iii.) 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
less than $3 million, 0.4875% per annum; 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.36% per annum; and 
if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is 
equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and 
thereafter until the last day of the term of the Access Fund, the Servicing 
Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be equal to the excess of (x) the amount of 
any 
Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the Investment Manager (as 
applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable 
share of Invested Capital. 
EFTA01397600
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
DB Placement Fee: 
Each DB Introduced Person will directly pay Deutsche Bank a Placement Fee 
(the "DB Placement Fee") 
in accordance with the schedule provided below in respect of the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access Fund. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
DB Placement Fee paid by a 
DB Introduced Person to Deutsche Bank will not be considered a capital 
contribution to the Access Fund. 
All expenses (including marketing costs) of Deutsche Bank shall be borne by 
Deutsche Bank. Deutsche 
Bank in its sole discretion will have the right to waive all or any portion 
of the DB Placement Fee payable 
by any particular DB Introduced Person. 
The DB Placement Fee rates applicable at each level of investment are as 
follows: ** 
Subscription in US$ Placement 
Fee Rate 
from $5,000,000 or 
greater 
from $3,000,000 to 
$4,999,999 
1.00% 
1.50% 
less than $3,000,000 2.00% 
** The DB Placement Fee is a one-time sales charge in addition to and apart 
from the Subscription, 
calculated and payable upon closing at a rate determined with respect to the 
relevant DB Introduced 
Person's Subscription to the Access Fund (e.g., a DB Introduced Person with 
an aggregate Subscription of 
$1 million will pay to Deutsche Bank a DB Placement Fee equal to $20,000). 
Direct Investor Placement Fees: 
Pursuant to a separate agreement to be entered into between Deutsche Bank 
and one or more of the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower GP and Glendower Capital, LLC, Deutsche Bank will 
also act as placement 
agent for the Underlying Fund and will refer and/or introduce certain of its 
clients to the Underlying Fund. 
In consideration for such services, the Glendower GP or an affiliate shall 
pay Deutsche Bank a placement 
fee equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital 
commitment to the Underlying 
Fund attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person. 
In addition, certain clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the 
Underlying Fund. Deutsche Bank 
will be paid a fee in respect of each such direct investor based on such 
direct investor's aggregate 
commitment to the Underlying Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the 
additional layer of fees and 
EFTA01397601
--- PAGE 7 ---
expenses to which DB Introduced Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients 
investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the eligibility, suitability and minimum 
capital commitment 
requirements as determined by the Glendower GP. 
Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest Applicable to DB 
Introduced Persons 
In addition to the risk factors and conflicts of interest contained in the 
Memorandum under the heading 
"Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest," the following 
risk factors and conflicts of interest 
apply to each DB Introduced Person. 
EFTA01397602
--- PAGE 8 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Deutsche Bank will serve as one of the Placement Agents to the Access Funds. 
Deutsche Bank may charge 
a DB Introduced Person the DB Placement Fee in respect of each Subscription 
made by such DB Introduced 
Person. The DB Placement Fee may differ from placement fees charged to 
Investors introduced to the 
Access Funds by other Placement Agents as well as from those charged to 
other DB Introduced Persons. 
The DB Placement Fee may be waived or reduced by Deutsche Bank in respect of 
any particular DB 
Introduced Person without thereby entitling any other DB Introduced Person 
to a similar waiver or 
reduction. In addition, the Investment Manager will, in exchange for certain 
servicing functions rendered 
by Deutsche Bank, pay the Servicing Fee to Deutsche Bank in respect of each 
DB Introduced Person that is not 
in default of its obligations as described in the Partnership Agreement 
(including a DB Introduced Person who 
was in default of such obligations but cured such default), on an ongoing 
basis for so long as Deutsche Bank 
continues to provide such services with respect to such DB Introduced 
Person, as follows: (i) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of 
each DB Introduced Person will be 
equal to the product of the amount of the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund, multiplied by (a) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB Introduced 
Person to the Access Fund is less 
than $3 million, 0.65% per annum; (b) if the aggregate Subscription of such 
DB Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to $3 million or more but less than $5 million, 0.45% per 
annum; and (c) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to or 
greater than $5 million, 0.05% per 
annum; (ii) after the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, 
through the second anniversary of 
the termination of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, the 
Servicing Fee in respect of each DB 
Introduced Person will be equal to the product of the amount of such DB 
Introduced Person's allocable share 
(based upon Subscriptions) of the Access Fund's Invested Capital, multiplied 
by (a) if the aggregate Subscription 
of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is less than $3 million, 
0.4875% per annum; (b) if the aggregate 
Subscription of such DB Introduced Person to the Access Fund is equal to $3 
million or more but less than $5 
million, 0.36% per annum; and (c) if the aggregate Subscription of such DB 
Introduced Person to the Access 
Fund is equal to or greater than $5 million, 0.05% per annum; and (iii) 
thereafter until the last day of the term of 
EFTA01397603
--- PAGE 9 ---
the Access Fund, the Servicing Fee in respect of each DB Introduced Person 
will be equal to the excess of (x) 
the amount of any Management Fees collected by the Access Fund or the 
Investment Manager (as applicable) 
from such DB Introduced Person over (y) 0.20% of such DB Introduced Person's 
allocable share of Invested 
Capital. 
Finally, Deutsche Bank will also receive from the Glendower GP or an 
affiliate a placement fee 
equal to 0.75% of the portion of the Access Fund's aggregate capital 
commitment to the Underlying Fund 
attributable to the Subscriptions of each DB Introduced Person in respect of 
portion of the Access Fund's 
aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying Fund attributable to the 
Subscriptions of each DB 
Introduced Person. Deutsche Bank may or may not receive payment of similar 
fees (which may be lower 
or greater than fees received in connection with the placement of Interests 
in the Access Fund) with respect 
to the placement of interests in certain other funds established, sponsored 
or distributed by the General 
Partner, the Investment Manager, the Glendower GP or their respective 
affiliates, as well as others. 
Accordingly, the potential for Deutsche Bank to receive such fees in 
connection with the Access Funds 
may create an incentive for Deutsche Bank to recommend and market an 
investment into the Access Funds 
and presents a potential conflict of interest in recommending a direct or 
indirect investment in the Access 
Funds as compared to investments in other funds where Deutsche Bank may not 
receive such fees or may 
receive lower fees. Conversely, the prospect of receiving, or the receipt 
of, the fees described above, which 
may be less or different than fees associated with interests or shares of 
other funds or investment products 
offered by Deutsche Bank may provide Deutsche Bank and its sales persons 
with an incentive to favor sales 
of interests or shares of other funds or investment products over sales of 
Interests. In addition, certain 
clients of Deutsche Bank may invest directly in the Underlying Fund 
Deutsche Bank will be paid a fee in 
respect of each such direct investor based on such direct investor's 
aggregate commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Such direct investors will not bear the additional layer of fees and 
expenses to which DB Introduced 
Persons are subject. Deutsche Bank clients investing directly in the 
Underlying Fund will be subject to the 
eligibility, suitability and minimum capital commitment requirements as 
determined by the Glendower GP. 
Prospective investors should take such fees, and the related potential 
conflicts of interest, into account when 
EFTA01397604
--- PAGE 10 ---
considering and evaluating any recommendations related to a direct or 
indirect investment in the Underlying 
Fund. 
EFTA01397605
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS127 Annandale Capital 
Changes to Certain Regulatory Matters 
The section of the Memorandum under the heading "Certain Regulatory Matters" 
is hereby amended by 
adding the following immediately after the second paragraph in the risk 
factor titled "Mandated Disclosure 
of Certain Events": 
On August 26, 2004, in connection with the 2002 industry-wide governmental 
and regulatory investigations 
into research and analysts practices, DBSI reached a settlement agreement 
with the SEC, the National 
Association of Securities Dealers, the New York Stock Exchange and the New 
York Attorney General, and 
with other state regulators arising from an investigation of research 
analyst independence. Under the terms 
of the settlement, DBSI agreed to pay $87.5 million. 
On June 3, 2009, DBSI settled proceedings with the SEC, the New Jersey 
Department of Securities and 
New York Attorney General in connection with various claims under the 
federal securities laws and state 
common law arising out of the sale of auction rate preferred securities and 
auction rate securities (together, 
"ARS"). Under the terms of the settlements, DBSI was required to, among 
other things, offer to buy back 
ARS purchased by certain customers from DBSI, reimburse certain customers 
who took out loans secured 
by ARS and compensate eligible customers who sold their ARS below par value. 
In connection with the 
settlements, a number of state securities commissions issued final orders 
against DBSI. 
EFTA01397606

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397607.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397607.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
ICAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC 
FORM ADV PART 2A 
Business Address 
East 42nd 
Street, 26th 
Floor 
New York, NY 10165 
USA 
Phone: (646) 214-7283 
www.icapitalnetwork.com 
March 30, 2018 
This brochure provides information about the qualifications and business 
practices of iCapital 
Advisors, LLC ("iCapital"). If you have any questions about the contents of 
this brochure 
("Brochure"), please contact us at (646) 214 7283. 
The information in this Brochure has not been approved or verified by the 
United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") or by any state securities 
authority. Additional 
information about iCapital is also available on the SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
iCapital is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC pursuant to the 
Investment Advisors 
Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). Recipients of this Brochure 
should be aware 
that registration with the SEC does not in any way constitute an endorsement 
by the SEC of an 
investment adviser's skill or expertise. Further, registration does not 
imply or guarantee that a 
registered adviser has achieved a certain level of skill, competency, 
sophistication, expertise or 
training in providing advisory services to its clients. 
EFTA01397607
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 2: Material Changes 
This brochure amendment is made in connection with iCapital's annual 
updating requirement for 
2018 and serves as an update to iCapital's brochure dated March 31, 2017. 
This brochure contains 
routine annual updates and clarifying changes to the prior brochure, an 
update to Item 5 relating to 
the collection of an investor servicing fee, an update to Item 8 relating to 
the scope of diligence 
conducted on certain Funds, and an update to Item 14 relating to iCapital's 
business relationship 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC. In addition, in December 2017, 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent company of iCapital, acquired the U.S. private equity 
access fund platform from the 
Asset Management division of Deutsche Bank. iCapital took over as the 
investment manager of 
these private equity access funds. 
Item 3: Table of Contents 
Item 2: Material 
Changes  
Item 3: Table of 
Contents  
Item 4: Advisory 
Business  
Item 5: Fees and 
Compensation  
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side 
Management  
.. 7 
Item 7: Types of 
Clients  
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of 
Loss  
Item 9: Disciplinary 
Information  
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and 
Affiliations  
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
and Personal Trading  
Item 12: Brokerage 
Practices  
EFTA01397608
--- PAGE 3 ---
Item 13: Review of 
Accounts  
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other 
Compensation  
Item 15: 
Custody  
Item 16: Investment 
Discretion  
Item 17: Voting Client 
Securities  
Item 18: Financial 
Information  
Form ADV Part 2A 
Item 4: Advisory Business 
iCapital Advisors, LLC ("iCapital", "we", "us" or "the Firm"), is a Delaware 
limited liability 
company that has been in business since May, 2014. We are wholly-owned by 
Institutional 
Capital Network, Inc. (the "Company") and have our principal place of 
business in New 
York, NY. iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities"), 
is a broker-dealer primarily 
engaged in the private placement of securities and is registered with the 
SEC and a member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. iCapital Securities serves as 
the Firm's private 
placement agent in respect of many Funds (as defined below) advised by 
iCapital and is also a 
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. For additional information on 
iCapital Securities, see 
Item 14 below. 
iCapital provides investment advisory services to each of iCapital Carlyle 
Property Investors 
Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-SV7, L.P., iCapital-SLP V Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-MSD Private 
Credit Opportunity II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-BTAS IV Access Fund, L.P., 
BIAS IV Private 
Investors (U.S.), L.P., Invesco Venture Alpha Feeder Fund, L.P., Private 
Equity Select Master 
EFTA01397609
--- PAGE 4 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select Master Fund II, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity Global Select 
Master Fund IV, 
Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, Private Equity Global Select 
Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity Global Select Fund VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Master Fund, Private 
Equity Asia Select Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III 
(U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund 
IV (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate 
and Infrastructure 
Select Fund (International) L.P., Opportunistic Real Estate and 
Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity & Credit Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), 
L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., Secondary 
Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit Select Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., 
6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), 
Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III 
Private Client 
Feeder Fund (U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), 
L.P., BEP Private 
Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), L.P., BIAS 
2015 Private Investors 
(U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), L.P., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund II 
(U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity 
Global Select II SICAR, 
S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global 
Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities 
Select, iCapital-OrbiMed Royalty Opportunities II Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-KVV Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-TEP Access Fund, 
L.P., 
iCapital-TEP Non-U.S. Access Fund, 
Structured Credit Recovery Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital-2015 Vintage Access Fund, 
iCapital-Apollo 
EFTA01397610
--- PAGE 5 ---
L.P., 
iCapital-Warburg Pincus Private Equity XII Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-KV 
Seed C Access Fund, 
L.P., iCapital-SH Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- HG Vora Access Fund, L.P., 
Royalty Investment 
Fund Limited Partnership, iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital Arbitrage Fund, a 
series of iCapital Global Access Partnership II, L.P., and Horizon 
Opportunities Fund, a series 
of 
(each of the foregoing, a "Private Access 
L.P., and International Growth Equity Fund and 
L.P. 
iCapital provides investment 
iCapital Global Access Partnership II, 
Fund"), along with iCapital MLP Fund, 
International Value Equity Fund, each a series of iCapital Global Access 
Partnership II, L.P. 
(each a "Direct Investment Fund," each Private Access Fund or Direct 
Investment Fund, a 
"Fund" and collectively referred to herein as the "Funds"). 
advisory services to the Funds and may provide investment advisory services 
to other 
investment vehicles in the future. Investment advice is provided directly to 
the Funds, subject 
to the discretion and control of the applicable general partner, and not 
individually to the 
investors in a Fund. Each of the Funds is exempt from registration under the 
Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended. The Funds' securities are not registered 
under the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
iCapital's advisory services primarily include identifying 
underlying private equity or hedge fund managers with whom to invest the 
assets of its Private 
Access Funds or identifying sub-advisors to assist iCapital in managing the 
Direct Investment 
Funds. Each Fund is managed in accordance with the applicable Fund's 
confidential private 
placement memorandum (the "PPM"). 
The Private Access Funds managed by iCapital were formed to pool investments 
of investors 
for the purpose of 
investing each such Fund's assets with private equity or hedge funds 
("Underlying Funds") managed by third-party managers ("Underlying Managers") 
that 
are selected by iCapital. Each Underlying Fund has its own PPM ("Underlying 
Fund PPM"), 
which includes important disclosures with respect to investment related 
risks, macroeconomic 
considerations, fees and other potential conflict issues, and such other 
EFTA01397611
--- PAGE 6 ---
disclosures as are 
determined appropriate by the Underlying Managers. The Direct Investment 
Funds primarily 
EFTA01397612
--- PAGE 7 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
make investments directly in certain equity securities recommended by a sub-
adviser (a "SubAdviser") 
selected by iCapital in accordance with each such Fund's respective 
investment 
objective and any investment guidelines, as set forth in that Fund's PPM. 
These Funds permit investors to access leading private equity and hedge 
funds at investment 
minimums which may be as low as $100,000, as set forth in the applicable PPM. 
Each Fund is managed only in accordance with its own investment objectives 
and restrictions 
and is not tailored to any particular private fund investor (each an 
"Investor"). Since iCapital 
does not provide individualized advice to Investors, 
Investors should consider whether a 
particular Fund meets their investment objectives and risk tolerance prior 
to investing. We do 
not permit Investors in the Funds to impose limitations on the investment 
activity described in 
the Funds' offering documents. 
Information about each Fund can be found in its offering 
documents, including its PPM and limited partnership agreement (the "LPA"). 
As of December 31, 2017 total discretionary assets under management were 
$4,014,735,581.86. Please note that for certain Funds, December 31, 2017 
values were not 
available from the Underlying Funds and as a result, assets under management 
for these Funds 
are as of September 30, 2017.1 
iCapital has included in its regulatory assets under management the assets 
of any clients for 
which it (or one of its affiliates) serves as general partner. 
Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent of 
iCapital, is owned by various persons, 
including certain management persons and employees of iCapital, none of 
which own 25% or 
more of the corporation. 
Michael Stanton is iCapital's Chief Compliance Officer ("CCO") 
Item 5: Fees and Compensation 
Management Fee for the Funds: 
iCapital will charge each Fund a management fee, generally charged quarterly 
in advance, equal 
to the aggregate management fee assessed with respect to each Investor. The 
management fee 
charged will typically range between 0.25% to 1.25% per annum, a portion of 
which, in respect 
of the Direct Investment Funds only, is paid by iCapital or its affiliates 
to the applicable SubAdviser 
for services provided by the Sub-Adviser. To the extent an Investor 
EFTA01397613
--- PAGE 8 ---
withdraws or is 
withdrawn other than at the end of a calendar quarter, and the Investor 
prepaid the 
Funds with 9/30/2017 values are as follows: Private Equity Select Master 
Trust I, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund, Private Equity Global 
Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund III, Private Equity 
Global Select Master Fund IV, Private Equity Global Select Master Fund V, 
Private 
Equity Global Select Fund VI (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select Fund 
VII (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Master Fund, Private Equity 
Asia Select 
Master Fund II, Private Equity Asia Select Fund III (U.S.), L.P., Private 
Equity Asia Select Fund III (International), L.P., Private Equity Asia 
Select Fund IV (U.S.), 
L.P., Private Equity Asia Select Fund IV (International), L.P., 
Opportunistic Real Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (International) 
L.P., Opportunistic Real 
Estate and Infrastructure Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Energy Select Fund (U.S.), L.P., Energy Select 
Fund (International), L.P., Credit Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), L.P., 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II Private Client Feeder Fund., KKR Credit 
Select Access Fund (U.S.), L.P., 6200 Hollywood Blvd. North, Dislocation 
Opportunities Access Fund (U.S.), Dislocation Opportunities Access Fund 
(International), Secondary Opportunities Fund III Private Client Feeder Fund 
(U.S.), L.P., Apollo Credit Select Access Fund (International), L.P., BEP 
Private Investors II GP, Ltd., BEP Private Investors II (International), 
L.P., BIAS 2015 
Private Investors (U.S.), L.P., BIAS 2015 Private Investors (International), 
L.P., KKR Credit Select Access Fund II (U.S.), L.P., Vista Software Select 
Access 
Fund (U.S.), L.P., Private Equity Global Select II SICAR, S.C.A., Private 
Equity Global Select IV SICAR, S.C.A., Private Equity Global Select V S.C.A, 
SICAR, 
Private Equity Asia Select III S.C.A., SICAR, Private Equity & Credit 
Opportunities Select, iCapital Vintage II Access Fund, L.P., iCapital-SV7, 
L.P., Invesco 
Venture Alpha Feeder Fund L.P., iCapital- KV Seed C Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapital- TEP Non-US Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- TEP Access Fund, L.P., 
iCapitalKVV 
Access Fund, L.P., iCapital Private Credit Access Fund, L.P., iCapital- 2015 
Vintage Access Fund, L.P.. 
EFTA01397614
--- PAGE 9 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
management fee up through the end of that calendar quarter, such Investor 
will generally 
receive a pro rata share of any management fee it prepaid for any quarter, 
based on the 
Investor's date of withdrawal, unless the applicable Fund documents provide 
otherwise. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, iCapital in its sole and absolute discretion 
may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the management fee attributable to any Investor. 
Investor Servicing Fee: 
In addition to the management fee described above, iCapital may be entitled 
to receive an investor 
servicing fee from the Underlying Manager typically charged as a percentage 
of the Fund's aggregate 
capital contributions. Typically, the General Partner of the Underlying Fund 
is responsible for 
payment of the Investor Servicing Fee to iCapital. Investors should refer to 
the Fund's PPM for full 
disclosure relating to all the fees an investor might be subject to or 
received by iCapital. 
Payments to Underlying Managers: 
In addition to the management fee described above, the Private Access Funds 
are generally 
subject to their pro rata portion of any fees charged by the Underlying 
Funds. These fees 
typically include a management fee, which generally ranges from 1% - 2% on 
an annual basis, 
and in most cases an incentive compensation arrangement, which generally 
ranges from 10% -
20% of the capital appreciation in the Underlying Fund. In respect of the 
Underlying Funds that 
are private equity funds, such Private Access Funds are often subject to a 
preferred return and 
general partner catch-up. 
In addition, each Fund will 
fees, 
indirectly bear its pro-rata share of 
organizational expenses and other operational expenses and costs and 
expenses payable by the 
Fund to the Underlying Fund. Furthermore, certain Underlying Funds will 
offset the amount of 
any management fees payable by a Private Access Fund (and its other limited 
partners or 
shareholders) by the amount of any transaction fees, break-up fees, 
commitment 
underwriting fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, modification fees, 
monitoring fees, consulting 
fees, directors' fees, advisory fees, closing fees and other similar fees 
EFTA01397615
--- PAGE 10 ---
received and retained by 
the Underlying Fund Manager (or any of its affiliates) in respect of such 
Underlying Fund. 
Investors should refer to the Underlying Fund PPMs for full disclosure 
relating to all the fees a 
Private Access Fund would be subject to in connection with its investment in 
an Underlying 
Fund. 
Service Providers: 
In connection with its management activities, iCapital may engage various 
service providers. 
Service providers to each Fund may be compensated as a fund expense (as 
described below) 
or may be compensated out of iCapital's fee. iCapital has engaged Dynasty 
Securities, LLC 
("Dynasty") as a service provider 
for 
certain Funds. Dynasty may 
provide certain 
administrative, marketing and technical support services to iCapital and may 
receive fees 
typically ranging from 
.075% - .25% in relation to investors who are clients of Dynasty's network 
of financial advisory 
firms. Dynasty is an independent company, not affiliated with iCapital. 
There is no form of legal 
partnership, agency, affiliated or similar relationship between iCapital and 
Dynasty. 
Organizational Expenses: 
Each Fund will bear its own organizational and offering expenses. Such 
organizational and 
offering expenses generally include, but are not limited to, legal expenses, 
travel, accounting, 
EFTA01397616
--- PAGE 11 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
filing, capital-raising and other expenses incurred in connection with the 
formation of the Fund 
and the offering of the Interests (including costs associated with preparing 
and distributing 
offering memoranda). These expenses may be subject to a cap based on the 
terms set forth in 
each Fund's PPM. Please refer to the applicable Fund PPM for further details. 
Fund Expenses: 
The Private Access Fund will generally pay the costs and expenses of the 
Private Access Fund, 
including without limitation: the management fee; organizational expenses; 
liquidation expenses 
of the Private Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or government 
charges which may be 
assessed against the Private Access Fund; expenses and fees related to 
audits of the Private 
Access Fund's books and records and preparation of the Private Access Fund's 
tax returns; 
costs of preparing and distributing financial 
statements and other reports to and other 
communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all governmental 
returns, reports and 
filings; any subsequent closing interest charged to the Private Access Fund 
in connection with 
its admission to an Underlying Fund; extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Private Access 
Fund; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Private Access 
Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges 
incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of securities; 
legal, administrative (including any fees and expenses of the administrator 
for the 
the costs and expenses 
(including travel related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or 
otherwise holding 
meetings or conferences with limited partners, whether individually or in a 
group; expenses 
attributable to normal and extraordinary investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, 
appraisal, 
Private Access Fund related to the Private Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and 
registration services provided to the Private Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to 
consulting services, including in each case services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or 
EFTA01397617
--- PAGE 12 ---
sale of securities by the Private Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the 
issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); and 
premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the Private Access 
Fund, the General 
Partner and any of 
their respective partners, members, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, limited partners will 
indirectly bear the cost of 
the Private Access Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried 
interest, organizational 
expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses payable by the 
Private Access 
Fund as an investor in the Underlying Funds. Please refer to the applicable 
Fund PPM and/or 
Underlying Fund PPM for further details. 
The Direct Investment Funds will bear all 
the ordinary and extraordinary expenses in 
connection with the offering of its interests and operations, including 
without limitation: the 
cost of producing and distributing offering memoranda and other marketing 
and subscription 
materials; printing and mailing costs; filing and regulatory fees and 
expenses (including any costs 
and expenses in connection with regulatory filings and reports required to 
be made by a 
Direct Investment Fund, the applicable general partner or the Firm relating 
to such Direct 
Investment Fund), pricing and valuation fees and expenses (including the 
costs and expenses of 
valuation agents); accounting, custodial, administrative, legal, audit, 
bookkeeping and tax 
preparation fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any 
administrator or custodian); 
computer software, licensing, programming and operating expenses; investment 
research and 
research- related products and services; data processing costs; consultant 
fees; tax, litigation 
and extraordinary expenses, 
if any, including, without limitation, 
indemnification, dispute 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
EFTA01397618
--- PAGE 13 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
resolution, litigations and related legal 
Form ADV Part 2A 
fees and expenses; investment expenses whether 
relating to investments that are consummated or unconsummated (e.g., 
expenses which, in the 
determination of the applicable general partner, iCapital or any sub-
adviser, if appropriate, are 
related to the investment of such Direct 
Investment Fund's assets, such as brokerage 
commissions, spreads, mark-ups on securities, interest expenses, custodial 
and sub-custodial 
transaction charges and any costs associated with collateral management); 
insurance expenses, 
bank charges, currency hedging costs; and other investment and operating 
expenses. Expenses 
borne by any such Direct Investment Fund for audit expenses, preparation of 
the Funds' tax 
returns and liquidation expenses of such Direct Investment Fund may be 
subject to a cap as set 
forth in the applicable Direct Investment Fund's PPM. Please refer to the 
applicable Fund PPM 
for further details. 
iCapital will pay all overhead expenses, including its employees' salaries, 
rent, utilities, etc. 
Item 6: Performance-Based Fees and Side by Side Management 
iCapital may charge the Funds a performance-based fee or carried interest to 
its Investors. 
Performance-based compensation may 
create an 
incentive for 
iCapital to make more 
speculative investments than would otherwise be made or make decisions 
regarding the timing 
and manner of realization of 
investments differently than if such compensation were not 
received. In addition, a Private Access Fund will bear its pro rata share of 
management fees, 
performance fees, carried interest or other expenses charged by an 
Underlying Fund. Please 
refer to the iCapital and applicable Underlying Funds' PPM for further 
details and methods of 
calculating the fees charged to the applicable Private Access Fund. 
Item 7: Types of Clients 
The Clients of iCapital are the Funds. The Funds rely on an exemption from 
the definition of 
"investment company" under Section 3(c)(7) or Section 3(c)(1) of the 
Investment Company 
Act, which requires that its securities are to be held exclusively by 
"Qualified Purchasers" as 
EFTA01397619
--- PAGE 14 ---
defined in the Investment Company Act. 
iCapital offers interests in the Funds pursuant to 
Regulation D and Regulation S under the 1933 Act. 
Investors in the Funds may include high net worth individuals and estate 
planning vehicles as 
well as a variety of 
institutional investors (e.g., employee benefit 
plans, endowments, 
foundations, corporations and other types of entities and other corporations 
or businesses) 
meeting the terms of the exceptions and exemptions under which the Funds 
operate and 
wishing to invest in accordance with a particular Fund's investment 
objective. 
iCapital does not have a minimum size for a Fund, but the minimum investment 
commitment in a 
Fund is generally $100,000 or $250,000 depending on the Fund, although 
iCapital has the authority 
to accept subscriptions for a lesser amount 
iCapital may from time to time enter 
into letter agreements or other similar agreements 
(collectively, "Side Letters") with one or more investors or shareholders of 
a pooled investment 
vehicle which provide such investor or shareholder(s) with additional and/or 
different rights 
(including, without limitation, with respect to management fees, the 
performance allocations, 
withdrawals, access to information and additional capacity offered by the 
third-party managers, 
minimum investment amounts and liquidity terms) than such shareholder(s) or 
investors have 
pursuant to general terms of such pooled investment vehicle. iCapital will 
not be required to notify 
any or all of the other investors or shareholders of any such written 
agreements or any of the 
EFTA01397620
--- PAGE 15 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will iCapital be required to 
offer such additional 
and/or different rights and/or terms to any or all of the other investors or 
shareholders. 
Item 8: Methods of Analysis, Investment Strategies and Risk of Loss 
Underlying Fund Manager/Sub-Adviser Selection: 
The Private Access Funds' primary investment objective will be to allow 
investors to gain 
exposure to select fund managers at significantly lower investment minimums 
than would be 
required for a direct 
leveraging our sourcing advantages and employing an ongoing "bottom-up" 
diligence approach. 
The Direct Investment Funds' 
portfolio management by a variety of Sub-Advisers selected by iCapital. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Private Equity Funds): 
iCapital's due diligence team is focused on conducting investment, 
operations, and legal due 
diligence on the Private Access Fund offerings made available on iCapital's 
platform. iCapital's 
due diligence process comprises three stages. In the initial quantitative 
phase of evaluation, 
iCapital reviews the forward calendar of funds coming to market to develop 
market maps 
across the various private equity strategies (buyouts, growth capital, 
mezzanine, etc.) 
to 
identify funds likely to be appealing to iCapital's network. At this stage, 
iCapital also identifies 
fundraising schedules and targets and compares performance against 
benchmarks and against 
specific managers in the pipeline. 
Once iCapital has isolated funds coming to market in the ensuing 18 months, 
iCapital proceeds 
to the second phase of the due diligence process. During this phase, 
iCapital conducts a 
comprehensive evaluation of the manager's track record, a detailed 
benchmarking analysis, and 
a thorough review of 
the competitive landscape. 
iCapital has an initial meeting with the 
investment team and seeks to analyze the fund's investment strategy, review 
the quality and 
competency of the investment team, and understand the market outlook. Before 
meeting with 
a manager, iCapital's diligence team spends a significant amount of time 
evaluating data room 
materials provided by the manager. They prepare an agenda with a thorough 
EFTA01397621
--- PAGE 16 ---
list of questions. 
Also, during this phase of diligence, iCapital does a complete review of the 
fund's PPM, LPA, 
and ancillary marketing materials. Finally, iCapital makes reference calls 
to understand market 
positioning, team stability and depth, and market demand. 
iCapital's due diligence comprises both qualitative and quantitative 
components. The qualitative 
manager assessment generally includes a full-day onsite during which 
iCapital meets with the 
manager's investment, operational, and legal professionals. iCapital aims to 
cover many 
different topics during these meetings, including team depth and stability, 
investment strategy 
and marketing positioning, competitive landscape, discussion of poor 
investments and lessons 
learned. iCapital 
leverages these meetings, the review of 
the list 
the managers' due diligence 
questionnaire, and responses to any additional questions, to evaluate the 
fund relative to its 
peers with a focus on assessing the team in the context of its depth, 
diversity, and longevity. 
iCapital assesses the manager's compensation structure to ensure alignment of 
iCapital conducts both on the list and off 
interest. 
reference calls to contacts including 
executives at portfolio companies, peer firms, institutional LPs, former 
employees, and service 
providers such as bankers and lawyers. 
iCapital's quantitative analysis 
is focused on performing a comprehensive track record 
investment in any Underlying Fund. iCapital will accomplish this by 
investment objective is to provide its investors access to 
EFTA01397622
--- PAGE 17 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
assessment. In this evaluation, iCapital looks at internal rate of return 
("IRR"), multiple on 
invested capital ("MOIC"), distributions to paid-in ("DPI"), and residual 
value to paid-in capital 
(RVPI). iCapital looks at the dispersion of returns, benchmark performance, 
the loss ratio, 
partner attribution on individual deals, investment pacing, cumulative 
contributions, and other 
inputs. 
Finally, iCapital does a comprehensive review of the fund terms and ensures 
that the terms are 
in line with similar strategies and follow market standards. Upon completion 
of the review, 
iCapital prepares a detailed due diligence report outlining the findings 
with a summary of 
strengths and weaknesses. The due diligence report 
is presented to iCapital's Investment 
Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the Investment Committee is 
required for 
any investment opportunity to be marketed to our network. 
Bottom-up Diligence (Hedge Funds): 
The Hedge Fund Private Access Fund selection process encompasses five stages. 
In the first stage, iCapital investigates market opportunity and platform 
needs. iCapital seeks to 
identify strategies which are best suited for the current market environment. 
In particular, 
iCapital endeavors to add managers that are able to take advantage of a 
unique opportunity 
that a market dislocation might present. From a platform needs perspective, 
iCapital seeks to 
maintain an offering of 2 to 3 managers within each of the key hedge fund 
strategy buckets, 
across a diverse mix of fund manager profiles. As part of this process 
iCapital is continually 
examining the peers of existing funds to better understand the markets and 
strategies. 
At the second stage of the diligence process iCapital aims to identify 
managers to evaluate 
more closely. iCapital builds a peer group universe, 
leveraging iCapital's entire sourcing 
capability, to identify managers with strong performance track records, 
including looking at 
return, volatility and drawdowns. 
The third stage of the diligence process is designed for iCapital to conduct 
initial diligence on 
select managers. As part of the initial due diligence iCapital will hold a 
meeting or conference 
call, followed by in-person meetings at the manager's or iCapital's offices. 
EFTA01397623
--- PAGE 18 ---
In these meetings, 
iCapital seeks to understand the quality and stability of the investment 
team, the strength of 
the organization, the past drivers of the track record and the stability of 
the performance going 
forward. 
In the fourth stage, iCapital proceeds with a diligence deep dive. iCapital 
makes all investment 
and fund selection decisions but has engaged Castle Hall Alternatives Inc. 
("Castle Hall") to 
assist in hedge fund due diligence. Castle Hall performs an independent 
evaluation of the 
manager from an investment and operational due diligence perspective. Castle 
Hall's diligence 
process usually takes four to six weeks to complete. 
In the last stage, if iCapital is comfortable with Castle Hall's due 
diligence findings, the manager 
will be presented to the iCapital Investment Committee. The due diligence 
report is presented 
to iCapital's Investment Committee for approval and a unanimous vote of the 
Investment 
Committee is required for any investment opportunity to be marketed to our 
network. 
With respect to all of its diligence activities, while iCapital intends to 
conduct both investment 
and limited operational due diligence with respect to the Underlying Funds 
as part of the 
EFTA01397624
--- PAGE 19 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment selection process and it believes its due diligence and 
investment selection process 
is thorough, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Funds selected 
will ultimately be 
successful. Further, operational due diligence will be limited and will not 
consist of a full 
forensic accounting or a detailed review of internal conflicts. Accordingly, 
there is the risk that 
iCapital may not detect 
conflicts of 
interest, 
fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses within the Underlying Funds that may give rise to 
substantial losses. 
Private Access Funds: Custom Engagements 
In certain cases, iCapital may be engaged by an Underlying Fund Manager or 
distribution agent 
to facilitate access to an underlying investment vehicle. In such capacity, 
iCapital will create 
and manage a Private Access Fund solely in an operational capacity to 
facilitate 
such 
investments and does not intend to conduct investment or operational due 
diligence with 
respect to the underlying fund vehicle. Accordingly, there is the risk that 
iCapital may not 
detect conflicts of interest, fraudulent behavior or administrative or 
operational weaknesses 
within the Fund that may give rise to substantial losses. 
References to "Fund" in the discussion of risks below shall mean any of the 
Private Access 
Funds, Direct Investment Funds and/or Underlying Funds, as applicable. 
Risk of Loss: 
Investing in securities involves risk of loss that Investors should be 
prepared to bear. Investors 
should consider the risks before investing in any Fund. 
The list of risk factors below is not a complete enumeration or explanation 
of the risks 
involved in an investment through iCapital or any of 
professional 
investors are urged to consult their 
memorandum and other legal documents of the particular Fund before deciding 
to invest. 
Certain Risk Factors: 
Potential Investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
any Fund, which 
include, but are not limited to, the risks outlined below. For the Private 
Access Funds such 
EFTA01397625
--- PAGE 20 ---
risks include the detailed discussion with regard to risks and conflicts of 
interest generally 
applicable to the applicable Underlying Fund set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM. There can 
be no assurance that any Fund will be successful in achieving such Fund's 
investment objective 
or the strategies set forth in its PPM. Past results of any Funds, or any of 
the Underlying 
Managers or Sub-Advisers, are not necessarily indicative of the future 
performance of the 
Funds. There can be no assurance that a Fund's objectives will be achieved 
or that Investors 
will not lose their entire investment. 
Private investment funds generally involve various risk factors and 
liquidity constraints, a 
discussion of which is set forth in each Funds' offering documents, which 
will be provided to 
each prospective investor for review and consideration prior to investing. 
We strongly advise 
prospective investors to engage legal and tax counsel to review Fund 
offering documents prior 
to investing in any private investment fund. 
Investing in private investment funds is intended 
only for experienced and sophisticated investors who are willing to bear the 
high economic 
risks of the investment. Carefully review and consider potential risks 
before investing. Some of 
these risks include loss of all or a substantial portion of the investment 
due to leveraging or 
other speculative practices. Additionally, 
Investors may experience volatility of returns, a 
the Funds it manages. Prospective 
advisers and review the offering 
EFTA01397626
--- PAGE 21 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
potential lack of diversification, higher fees than those offered through 
more traditional 
investment products (such as mutual funds), and lack of information 
regarding valuations and 
pricing. Each prospective investor will be required to complete a 
subscription agreement for 
any Fund in which it seeks to invest, pursuant to which the prospective 
investor shall establish 
that he/she is qualified for investment in the Fund, and acknowledges and 
accepts the various 
risk factors that are associated with such an investment. 
The risks and conflicts of interest described in the Underlying Fund PPM 
with respect to the 
Underlying Fund and an investment 
therein apply generally 
to a Private Access Fund. 
Moreover, without limiting the application or generality of the foregoing, 
each Private Access 
Fund will be either (A) a newly formed entity or (B) an entity with a 
limited operating history 
(i) that will not be registered under the Investment Company Act, (ii) that 
will issue illiquid 
securities that are not registered under the Securities Act or any other 
laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on 
transfer, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or partial 
withdrawals from an Underlying 
Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Funds' governing agreement 
(except in very 
limited circumstances) and 
(vi) with respect to which, investors may lose the entire amount of their 
investment. The 
returns of the Private Access Fund will depend almost entirely on the 
performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will 
be able to implement its investment objective and strategy. Certain ongoing 
operating 
expenses of the Private Access Fund, which will be in addition to those 
expenses borne by the 
Private Access Fund as an investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried 
interest, management 
fees, underlying fund expenses, organizational expenses and other expenses 
and liabilities 
borne by investors in the Underlying Fund), generally will be borne by the 
Private Access Fund 
and the Investors with a corresponding impact on the returns to the 
EFTA01397627
--- PAGE 22 ---
Investors. Such additional 
expenses of the Private Access Fund will reduce the Private Access Funds' 
performance 
relative to the Underlying Fund. 
Pending investment in the applicable Underlying Fund, the Private Access 
Fund may invest a 
portion of 
its assets in short 
term interest bearing accounts which would not meet the 
Underlying Funds' overall return objectives. An investor in the Private 
Access Fund will have 
only those rights provided for in the PPM. iCapital is not the General 
Partner or manager of 
the Underlying Fund. None of any Private Access Fund, iCapital or any of 
their affiliates will 
take part in the management of the Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management 
strategies and policies. Each Private Access Fund is subject to the risk of 
bad judgment, 
negligence, or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the 
Underlying Fund and its 
affiliates. There have been a number of instances in recent years in which 
pooled investment 
vehicles investing in third-party funds have incurred substantial 
losses due to sponsor 
misconduct. The PPM will provide for indemnification of iCapital and its 
affiliates and certain 
other indemnified parties and any such indemnification (and the expense 
thereof) will be in 
addition to any indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund 
constituent documents. 
Investors in a Private Access Fund may receive in-kind distributions to the 
extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets 
so received in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise 
freely tradable. 
With respect to any such securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the 
risk of loss and 
delay in liquidating these securities or assets will be borne by the 
Investors of the Private 
Access Fund, with the result that such Investors may receive less cash than 
reflected in the fair 
value of such securities as determined by iCapital pursuant to the offering 
documents. 
EFTA01397628
--- PAGE 23 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
iCapital cannot predict 
the timing and amounts of 
Form ADV Part 2A 
the capital contributions that will be 
required to be made by Investors to any Private Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may 
be called on an irregular basis, although as previously noted, iCapital will 
require each Investor 
to make a capital contribution to a Private Access Fund on or before the 
date it is admitted to 
a Private Access Fund (which amount will be held in escrow pending 
acceptance of the 
Investor's Subscription by iCapital). iCapital will provide written notice 
of the exact size and 
timing of the initial capital contribution in advance of the initial closing 
of a Private Access 
Fund. If an Investor fails to make a required capital contribution to a 
Private Access Fund on its 
due date (including, without limitation, recalls of distributed capital), 
regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
iCapital may impose substantial penalties on such 
in the 
to its investment 
Investor and use any available remedies to enforce the contribution 
obligation. If a Private 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of an Investor or 
otherwise, the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
forfeiture of all, or a part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, 
which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of the Private Access Fund as a whole. 
By making the Private Access Funds available, neither iCapital nor any of 
its affiliates is 
providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an 
investment in a Private Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
iCapital and its affiliates and 
personnel are not required to devote all or any specified portion of their 
time to managing the 
Private Access Funds' affairs, or from engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not 
competitive with a Private Access Fund. Each prospective investor in a 
Private Access Fund 
should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related 
matters concerning an investment in the Private Access Fund. 
EFTA01397629
--- PAGE 24 ---
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Investors in a Private Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will 
have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, the Underlying 
Fund Manager, their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective advisors, officers, 
directors, employees, partners 
or members. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the 
investors of any Underlying Fund, iCapital, and not the Investors in any 
Private Access Fund, 
will determine how a Private Access Fund's interest in the applicable 
Underlying Fund will be 
voted. In addition, Investors in any Private Access Fund will have no 
opportunity to participate 
directly in the day-to-day operations of such Underlying Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund. The terms of each Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There 
can be no assurances that the partners of any Underlying Fund will not amend 
such Underlying 
Funds' governing agreement. Neither any Private Access Fund nor iCapital 
will have the ability 
to unilaterally block any amendment of any Underlying Funds' governing 
agreement. None of 
any Underlying Fund Manager, any Underlying Fund or iCapital will have any 
liability or 
responsibility to any Investor for any changes to the terms of the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital is 
under no obligation to revise or 
supplement 
the applicable PPM. notwithstanding any 
amendments to any Underlying Funds' governing agreement. 
Repayment of Distributions. In the event any Underlying Fund is unable 
otherwise to meet its 
indemnification obligations, a Private Access Fund may be required to repay 
to such Underlying 
Fund or to pay creditors of such Underlying Fund, as applicable, 
distributions previously 
EFTA01397630
--- PAGE 25 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
received by it. In addition, a Private Access Fund may be required to pay to 
an Underlying Fund 
amounts that are required to be withheld by the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. A Private 
Access Fund may require Investors to return to the Private Access Fund all 
or part of any 
distribution by the Private Access Fund to the Investors in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of 
such Private Access Fund's indemnification and other obligations in respect 
of itself or the 
applicable Underlying Fund. Similarly, Investors may be required to repay or 
pay such amounts 
to a Private Access Fund if the Private Access Fund is unable otherwise to 
meet its obligations. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Investors will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Investor will be furnished 
information on a 
Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Investor's individual U.S. federal 
income tax return. The 
furnishing of such information is subject to, among other things, the timely 
receipt by a Fund of 
information from the applicable Underlying Fund or Sub-Adviser. 
Tax Liabilities in Excess of Cash Distributions. Due to potential timing 
differences between income 
recognition for tax purposes and actual cash distributions by a Fund, an 
Investor may incur 
income tax liabilities in excess of actual cash distributions made prior to 
the date such liabilities 
arise or such taxes are due. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors may recognize UBTI from 
a Fund for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes and any such amounts of UBTI could be 
significant. 
Illiquidity of Private Access Fund Investments. Certain of the Private 
Access Funds' 
is 
limited, and the transferability of such investments 
is 
investment 
portfolios will primarily consist of investments in private equity funds. 
Prospective investors 
should be aware of the long-term nature of these types of investments. An 
investment by a 
Private Access Fund in a private equity fund is highly illiquid because the 
market for the sale of 
such investments 
also generally 
EFTA01397631
--- PAGE 26 ---
restricted. There are no assurances that a Private Access Fund will be able 
to liquidate a 
particular private equity fund interest at the time and upon the terms it 
desires. 
Economic and Market Risk. Companies and securities in which a Fund will 
for example, 
including, 
exchange 
rate 
fluctuations, 
industry 
invest may be 
inflation rates, 
competition, 
sensitive to general downward swings in the overall economy or in their 
specific industries or 
geographies. Factors affecting economic conditions, 
currency devaluation, 
conditions, 
technological developments, domestic and worldwide political, military and 
diplomatic events 
and trends and innumerable other factors, none of which will be in the 
control of a Fund, can 
substantially and adversely affect the business and prospects of the Funds. 
A major recession 
or adverse developments in the securities market might have an impact on 
some or all of a 
Fund's investments. In addition, where a Fund is a private equity fund, 
factors specific to a 
portfolio company may have an adverse effect on the underlying private 
equity funds' 
investment in such company. 
iCapital may rely upon an Underlying Fund Manager's or SubAdviser's 
projections concerning an underlying Fund's or a security's future 
performance in 
making investment decisions. Such projections are inherently subject to 
uncertainty and to 
certain factors beyond the control of such Fund and iCapital. 
Consequences of Default. In the event that a Private Access Fund that 
invests in an Underlying 
Fund that is a private equity fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
that Underlying Fund as 
a result of the failure of an Investor to make a capital contribution to the 
Private Access Fund, 
the Underlying Fund may impose certain remedies against the Private Access 
Fund, including 
without limitation, causing the Private Access Fund to forfeit all or a 
portion of its interest in 
EFTA01397632
--- PAGE 27 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
such Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the 
"Defaulted Amount"), iCapital may call additional capital from the Investors 
that have already 
made the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions), pro 
rata based on the ratio of such Investor's unpaid Subscription to the 
aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of all Investors, to the extent necessary to fund the 
Defaulted Amount. 
If an Investor fails to pay in full any requested capital contributions, 
iCapital may take certain 
actions which may result in a sale of such Investor's Interest or a 
forfeiture of all or a portion 
of such Investor's Interest. Additionally, iCapital may pursue any available 
legal remedies, with 
the expenses of collection of the unpaid amount, including attorneys' fees, 
to be paid by such 
defaulting Investor. A defaulting Investor will be responsible for interest 
charges and default 
charges imposed by an Underlying Fund that arise from or relate to such 
Investor's failure to 
pay requested capital contributions. 
Series Limited Partnership; Cross-Series Liabilities. Certain Funds have 
been established as a single 
series of a series limited partnership (each, a "Partnership"). The Delaware 
Act provides 
that if certain requirements of 
the Delaware Act are satisfied, the debts, 
liabilities and 
obligations relating to a particular series of a series limited partnership 
are enforceable only 
against the assets of that series and not against the assets of the limited 
partnership generally 
or the assets of any other series of the limited partnership. Because these 
provisions were 
enacted relatively recently, there is a dearth of case law interpreting 
those provisions. Further, 
a Partnership may operate or have assets held on its behalf or be subject to 
claims in other 
jurisdictions which may not necessarily recognize the legal segregation of a 
Fund and other 
series of 
the Partnership. 
Finally, other 
contractual 
arrangements entered 
into by 
EFTA01397633
--- PAGE 28 ---
a 
Partnership, a Fund or another series of the Partnership may have the effect 
of defeating the 
segregation protections of the Delaware Act. Accordingly, the degree of 
separation that a 
Fund enjoys from the debts, liabilities and obligations of other series of a 
Partnership is not 
certain. Each Partnership intends that the assets of each series of that 
Partnership including the 
applicable Fund will be structured to comply with the Delaware Act and that 
such Fund will be 
operated with the assets of each 
Form ADV Part 2A 
series segregated on the books and records of such 
Partnership so that the assets of one series of the Partnership are not 
subject to the liabilities 
of any other series; however, there is no assurance that this structure and 
operation will be 
respected in all circumstances and in all jurisdictions. It is therefore 
possible that the assets 
attributable to one series may be insufficient to meet the debts, 
liabilities and obligations of 
such series and, consequently, that creditors of such series will seek 
recourse against the assets 
of a Fund. 
Reliance on the Sub-Adviser and its Personnel. Under the applicable sub-
advisory agreement in 
respect of certain of the Funds, a Sub-Adviser has complete discretion in 
selecting portfolio 
investments on behalf of that Fund. The success of a Fund depends, to a 
great extent, on a 
Sub- Adviser's ability to identify favorable investment opportunities and to 
effectively allocate 
the assets of the Fund among such opportunities. Accordingly, a Direct 
Investment Fund's 
success will depend substantially on the skill and acumen of key employees 
of that Sub-Adviser. 
If a Sub- Adviser or any Sub-Adviser's key employees should cease to 
participate in that Fund's 
business, the Fund's ability to select attractive investments and manage its 
portfolio could be 
impaired. 
In addition, to the extent a sub-advisory agreement is terminated for any 
reason, 
sub-adviser engaged by the general 
partner will have equivalent 
either by the applicable Sub-Adviser or the applicable general partner, 
there is no assurance 
that any replacement 
EFTA01397634
--- PAGE 29 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
experience, skill or resources as the existing Sub-Adviser. 
General Economic and Market Conditions and Issuer Risk. Any investment in 
securities carries 
certain market risks. 
In addition to the factors discussed in the applicable Fund's PPM, 
investments by a Fund may decline in value for any number of reasons over 
which the Fund 
may have no control, including changes in the overall market for equity or 
equity-like securities 
and other general economic and market conditions, such as interest rates, 
availability of credit, 
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, currency exchange 
rates and controls 
and national and international political circumstances (including wars and 
security operations). 
The value of a Fund may also decline as a result of factors pertaining to 
particular portfolio 
securities held by such Fund, such as perception or changes in the issuer's 
management, the 
market for the issuer's products or services, sources of supply, 
technological changes within 
the issuer's industry, 
the availability of additional 
capital and labor, general 
economic 
conditions, political conditions, and other similar conditions. All of these 
factors may affect the 
level and volatility of security prices and the liquidity and the value of 
the securities held by a 
Fund. Unexpected volatility or illiquidity could impair a Fund's 
profitability or result in it 
suffering losses. 
Equity Securities Risks. Equity securities represent an ownership interest, 
or the right to acquire 
an ownership interest, 
in an issuer. Equity securities also include, among other things, 
preferred stocks, securities issued by investment companies including ETFs, 
interests in REITs, 
convertible 
stocks, equity interests in trusts, partnerships, joint ventures, limited 
liability companies and 
similar enterprises, warrants, and stock purchase rights. The values of 
equity securities, such as 
common stocks and preferred stocks, may decline due to general market 
conditions that are 
not related to a specific company, such as: real or perceived adverse 
economic conditions; 
changes in the general outlook for corporate earnings; and changes in 
interest or currency 
EFTA01397635
--- PAGE 30 ---
rates or ad verse investor sentiment generally. The value of equity 
securities may also decline 
due to factors that affect a particular industry or industries, such as 
workforce shortages or 
increased production costs and competitive conditions within an industry. 
Investments in Non-U.S. Issuers. Certain Funds invest in equity and equity 
related securities of 
foreign issuers, depository receipts and other securities or instruments 
that represent an 
indirect interest in securities of foreign issuers, collective vehicles that 
invest in foreign 
securities and other securities, derivatives or instruments whose 
performance is linked to the 
performance of 
foreign securities or baskets of foreign securities. Investments in foreign 
securities are affected by risk factors generally not thought to be present 
in the United States. 
These risks may be increased to the extent that a Fund invests in issuers in 
emerging markets. 
Such factors include, but are not limited to, the following: varying 
custody, brokerage and 
settlement practices; difficulty in valuation and pricing; less public 
information about issuers of 
foreign securities; less governmental regulation and supervision over the 
issuance and trading 
of securities; 
the unavailability of 
financial 
information regarding the foreign issuer or the 
difficulty of interpreting financial information prepared under foreign 
accounting standards; less 
liquidity and more volatility in foreign security markets; the possibility 
of expropriation or 
nationalization; the imposition of withholding and other taxes; adverse 
political, social or 
diplomatic developments; 
limitations on the movement of funds or other assets of a Fund 
between different countries; difficulties in invoking the legal process 
outside of the U.S. and 
enforcing contractual obligations; and the difficulty of assessing economic 
trends in foreign 
countries. Moreover, governmental issuers of foreign securities or other 
instruments may be 
unwilling to repay principal and interest due and may require that the 
conditions for payment 
be renegotiated. Investment in foreign countries also involves higher 
brokerage and custodian 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01397636
--- PAGE 31 ---
GLDUS141 
iCapital 
Form ADV 
expenses 
exchange 
market. 
Among numerous other types of securities, certain Funds will purchase 
American Depositary 
Receipts (ADRs), European Depositary Receipts (EDRs) and Global Depositary 
Receipts 
(GDRs). ADRs, EDRs and GDRs are certificates evidencing ownership of shares 
of a non-U.S. 
issuer and are alternatives to directly purchasing the underlying non-U.S. 
securities in their 
national markets and currencies. However, such investments continue to be 
subject to many of 
the risks associated with investing directly in non-U.S. securities. These 
risks include the 
political and economic risks of the underlying issuer's country, as well as 
in the case of 
depositary receipts traded on non-U.S. markets, foreign exchange risk. ADRs, 
EDRs and GDRs 
may be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored receipts are established without 
the 
participation of the issuer. Unsponsored receipts may involve higher 
expenses, they may not 
pass-through voting or other shareholder rights, and they may be less 
liquid. The performance 
of ADRs, EDRs and GDRs may be different from the performance of the ordinary 
shares of 
the non-U.S. issuer to which they relate. 
Investment in Emerging Markets. Certain Funds will invest in securities of 
companies based in, 
traded on an exchange in, or with substantial business in or issued by the 
governments of, 
emerging markets, 
including, but not 
limited to, certain Central and Eastern European 
countries, Asian countries and Latin American countries. 
involve risks and 
may be highly volatile and subject to significant market 
inexperience 
of financial intermediaries, 
sufficient capital base to 
expand business operations, and 
termination of 
trading. Political and economic 
undergoing 
significant evolution and rapid 
social, political and 
economic stability characteristics 
Greg Martin 
Advisors, LLC 
Part 2A 
than does investment in U.S. securities traded on a U.S. securities 
or 
the lack of 
These securities 
swings, due to the 
modern technology, the lack of a 
the possibility of temporary or permanent 
structures in many emerging markets may be 
development, and emerging markets lack the 
of more developed countries. As a result, 
EFTA01397637
--- PAGE 32 ---
the risks relating 
to investments in foreign securities described above, including the 
possibility of nationalization 
or expropriation, may be heightened. In addition, certain countries may 
restrict or prohibit 
investment opportunities in issuers or industries deemed important to 
national interests. Such 
restrictions may affect the market price, liquidity and rights of securities 
that may be purchased 
by a Fund. Settlement mechanisms in emerging securities markets may be less 
efficient and less 
reliable than in more developed markets and placing securities with a 
custodian or brokerdealer 
in an emerging country may also present considerable risks. The small size 
of securities 
markets in such countries and the low volume of trading may result in a lack 
of liquidity and in 
substantially greater price volatility. 
Foreign Currency. Because a Fund may invest its assets in instruments quoted 
or denominated in 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar or the price of which is determined 
with reference to 
currencies other than the U.S. dollar, changes in the U.S. dollar exchange 
rate will affect the 
dollar value of securities in such Fund's portfolio and the realized and 
unrealized appreciation 
or depreciation of investments. A Fund will, however, value its securities 
and other assets in 
U.S. dollars. A Fund may, but is not required to, hedge the currency 
exposure inherent in the 
Fund's investments in non-U.S. securities. To the extent unhedged, the value 
of a Fund's assets 
will fluctuate with U.S. dollar exchange rates as well as the price changes 
of the Fund's 
investments in the various local markets and currencies. Thus, an increase 
in the value of the 
U.S. dollar compared to the other currencies in which a Fund makes its 
investments will 
reduce the effect of increases and magnify the effect of declines in the 
values of the Fund's 
securities denominated in currencies of their local markets. Conversely, a 
decline in the value 
of the U.S. dollar will have the opposite effect on a Fund's non-U.S. dollar-
denominated 
securities. Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short 
periods of time. 
EFTA01397638
--- PAGE 33 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
They generally are determined by the forces of supply and demand in the 
foreign exchange 
markets and the relative merits of investments in different countries, 
changes in interest rates 
and other factors. Currency exchange rates can also be affected by 
intervention, or the failure 
to intervene, by U.S. and foreign governments or central banks, or by 
currency controls or 
political developments in the United States and abroad. The exchange rate 
between the 
currencies of various emerging market countries and the U.S. dollar has 
changed substantially 
in the last two decades and may fluctuate substantially in the future. 
Credit Risk. An issuer or counterparty may fail to pay its obligations to a 
Fund when they are 
due. Financial strength and solvency (or the perceived financial strength or 
solvency) of an 
issuer are the primary factors influencing credit risk. Changes in the 
financial condition of an 
issuer or counterparty, changes in specific economic, social or political 
conditions that affect a 
particular type of security or other instrument or an issuer, and changes in 
economic, social or 
political conditions generally can increase the risk of default by an issuer 
or counterparty, 
which can affect a security's or other instrument's credit quality or value 
and an issuer's or 
counterparty's ability to pay interest and principal when due. The values of 
lower quality debt, 
including loans, tend to be particularly sensitive to these changes. The 
values of investments 
also may decline for a number of other reasons that relate directly to the 
issuer, such as 
management performance, financial leverage and reduced demand for the 
issuer's goods and 
services, as well as the historical and prospective earnings of the issuer 
and the value of its 
assets. In addition, lack or inadequacy of collateral or credit enhancements 
for a debt obligation 
may affect its credit risk. Credit risk of an investment may change over 
time, and securities or 
other instruments that are rated by ratings agencies may be subject to 
downgrade. Ratings are 
only opinions of the agencies issuing them as to the likelihood of payment. 
They are not 
guarantees as to quality and they do not reflect market risk. If an issuer 
or counterparty fails to 
pay interest, a Fund's income might be reduced and the value of the 
EFTA01397639
--- PAGE 34 ---
investment might fall, and 
if an issuer or counterparty fails to pay principal, the 
investment might fall and the 
Direct Investment Fund could lose the amount 
Concentration. Certain Funds' portfolios are 
from time to time 
and/or have investments focused in particular countries, 
regions, sectors, companies or 
industries with high positive correlations to 
this, together with 
its long-term approach 
portfolio value. A 
concentrated portfolio 
stock, industry and/or 
country as a determinan 
volatility of a Fund. 
In addition, companies 
concentrates may fall 
out of favor with investors, causing the Fund to lose money 
the stock market 
or funds concentrated in other industries, countries or regions. 
Accordingly, to the extent the 
portfolio does concentrate in any of these ways, the overall adverse impact 
on a Fund of 
adverse developments in the business of such issuer, such industry or the 
government or 
affairs of such countries or regions, could be considerably greater than if 
it did not concentrate 
its investments to such an extent. Although the investment guidelines of a 
Fund are intended 
to help mitigate these risks of portfolio 
assurance such guidelines 
will be effective in limiting the adverse 
Settlement Risk. Settlement and clearance 
markets differ 
significantly from those in the U.S. 
procedures and trade 
regulations also may involve certain 
delivery of 
securities) not 
typically 
associated with the settlement of U.S. 
investments. At 
times, 
settlements in certain foreign countries 
of securities 
transactions. These problems may make it difficult for the Fund to carry out 
transactions. If a 
value of the 
of its investment. 
expected to be concentrated 
one 
the effect of 
to investment, could result in large movements in the 
increases the importance of the selection of each 
t of investment performance and also increases the 
in an industry, country or region in which a Fund 
or underperform 
concentration, there is no 
effects. 
procedures in certain foreign 
Foreign settlement and clearance 
risks (such as delays in payment for or 
have not kept pace with the number 
another and 
EFTA01397640
--- PAGE 35 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a purchase of securities, it 
may miss attractive 
investment opportunities and certain of its assets may be uninvested with no 
return earned 
thereon for some period. If a Fund cannot settle or is delayed in settling a 
sale of securities, it 
may lose money if the value of the security then declines or, if it has 
contracted to sell the 
security to another party, the Fund could be liable for any losses incurred. 
Small 
or Medium-Sized Companies Investing in the securities of 
small or medium-sized 
companies can involve greater risk and the possibility of greater portfolio 
price volatility than is 
typically associated with equity investments in larger, more established 
issuers. Historically, 
stocks of small or medium-sized companies and recently organized companies 
have been more 
volatile in price than those of larger companies. Among the reasons for 
greater price volatility 
of the stocks of these smaller companies is the lower degree of liquidity in 
the markets for such 
stocks. Further, smaller companies and unseasoned companies may have limited 
product lines, 
markets or financial resources, and they may depend upon a limited or less 
experienced 
management group. The securities of smaller companies may be traded only on 
the over-thecounter 
markets or on a regional securities exchange and may not be traded daily or 
in the 
volume typical of trading on a larger, more established securities exchange 
or trading platform. 
Liquidity of Investments. Certain Funds' portfolios will include securities 
that are not actively or 
widely traded (including without limitation securities issued by certain 
small or medium-sized 
companies), are not registered under the applicable securities laws or are 
contractually or 
otherwise restricted from resale. Such investments may be or may become 
illiquid (including 
as a result of size of a Fund's investment relative to the security's 
average daily trading volume) 
and involve a high degree of business and financial risk which can result in 
substantial losses. 
Because of the absence of active or regulated trading markets for these 
illiquid investments, 
and because of the difficulties in determining market values accurately, 
longer to be able to liquidate these positions (if they can be liquidated) 
EFTA01397641
--- PAGE 36 ---
than would be the case 
for more liquid securities. The prices realized on the resale of illiquid 
securities could be less 
than those originally paid by a Fund. Further, companies whose securities 
are not publicly listed 
may not be subject to public disclosure and other investor protection 
requirements applicable 
to issuers of publicly traded securities 
Convertible Securities Risk. Convertible securities include corporate bonds, 
notes, preferred 
stocks or debt-securities of 
issuers that can be converted into (that is, exchanged for) 
common stocks or other equity securities at a stated price or rate. 
Convertible securities also 
include other securities, such as warrants, that provide an opportunity for 
equity participation. 
Because convertible securities can be converted into equity securities, 
their value will normally 
vary in some proportion with those of the underlying equity securities. Due 
to the conversion 
feature, convertible securities generally yield less than non-convertible 
fixed income securities 
of similar credit quality and maturity. A Fund's investment in convertible 
securities may at 
times include securities that have a mandatory conversion feature, pursuant 
to which the 
securities convert automatically into common stock at a specified date and 
conversion ratio, or 
that are convertible at the option of the issuer. When conversion is not at 
the option of the 
holder, a Fund may be required to convert the security into the underlying 
common stock 
even at times when the value of the underlying common stock has declined 
substantially. 
Participation Certificates Risks. The price, performance, liquidity and 
value of a participation 
certificate are all linked directly to the underlying security, so that 
investing in a participation 
certificate subjects a Fund to the risks associated with an investment in 
the underlying equity 
security. Investing in a participation certificate also exposes a Fund to 
counterparty risk, which 
is the risk that the bank or broker-dealer that issues the certificate will 
not fulfill its contractual 
it may take a Fund 
EFTA01397642
--- PAGE 37 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
obligation to timely pay the Fund the amount owed under the certificate. 
Cash Position Risk. A Fund may hold any portion of its assets in cash or 
cash equivalents at any 
time or for an extended time. The applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-
Adviser will 
determine the amount of such Fund's assets to be held in cash or cash 
equivalents at its sole 
discretion, based on such factors as it may consider appropriate from time 
to time. To the 
extent that a Fund holds assets in cash or cash equivalents and is otherwise 
uninvested, the 
ability of the Fund to meet its investment objective may be limited. 
Leverage. A Fund may utilize leverage in pursuing its investment strategy. 
Leveraging a Fund 
creates an opportunity for increased net income or capital appreciation but, 
at the same time, 
creates special risk considerations. Leveraging will generally exaggerate 
the effect on the value 
of a Fund's assets of any increase or decrease in the market value of the 
Fund's investments. 
Although the principal of borrowings underlying any leverage will be fixed, 
a Fund's assets may 
change in value during the time the borrowing is outstanding. Because any 
decline in value of a 
Fund's investments will be borne entirely by the Fund (and thus by investors 
in the Fund) and 
not by those persons providing the leverage to the Fund, the effect of 
leverage in a declining 
market would be a greater decrease in the value of the Fund's portfolio 
investments than if the 
Fund were not so leveraged. Leveraging will create interest expenses for a 
Fund, which can 
exceed the investment return from the borrowed funds. To the extent the 
investment return 
derived from securities purchased with borrowed funds exceeds the interest a 
Fund will have 
to pay, 
the Fund's investment return will be greater than if 
Conversely, 
if the investment return from the assets acquired with borrowed funds is not 
sufficient to cover the cost of leverage, the investment return of a Fund 
will be less than if 
leverage were not used. Additionally, a Fund must maintain sufficient liquid 
assets, marked-tomarket 
daily, to cover its leveraged transactions. This will limit a Fund's 
investment flexibility, 
as well as its ability to meet current obligations. 
Leverage may include borrowing and also the use of margin. Other borrowings 
EFTA01397643
--- PAGE 38 ---
take the form 
of, or are embedded in, margined option premiums, repurchase agreements, 
bank or dealer 
credit lines or the notional principal amounts of swap transactions. There 
can be no assurance 
that a Fund will be able to maintain adequate financing arrangements under 
all market 
circumstances. 
As a general matter, 
discretionary margin, 
the banks and dealers that provide financing to a Fund can apply 
haircut, financing and valuation policies, or impose other credit 
limitations or restrictions, whether due to market circumstances or 
government regulation or 
judicial action. Such application or losses may result in large margin calls, 
loss of financing, 
forced liquidations of positions at disadvantageous prices, termination of 
swap and repurchase 
agreements and cross-defaults to agreements with other dealers. Any such 
adverse effects may 
be exacerbated in the event that such limitations or restrictions are 
imposed suddenly and/or 
by multiple market participants simultaneously. The imposition of any such 
limitations or 
restrictions could compel a Fund to liquidate all or part of its portfolio 
at disadvantageous 
prices, perhaps leading to a loss of the Fund's equity. 
Derivatives Risk. A derivative is a financial contract whose value depends 
on changes in the value 
of one or more underlying assets, reference rates or indexes. 
These instruments include, 
among others, participation certificates, credit default swaps, currency 
forward contracts, 
currency swap contracts and other swap agreements and similar instruments. A 
Fund's use of 
derivatives may involve risks different from, or greater than, the risks 
associated with investing 
in more traditional investments, such as stocks and bonds. Derivatives can 
be highly complex 
leverage were not used. 
EFTA01397644
--- PAGE 39 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
and may perform in ways unanticipated by a Fund's Sub-Adviser or an 
Underlying Fund 
Manager. In addition to the risks of an adverse change in the value of the 
underlying reference 
asset, a Fund's use of derivatives involves the risk that the other party to 
the derivative 
contract will fail to make required payments or otherwise to comply with the 
terms of the 
contract. Derivatives transactions can create investment leverage and may be 
highly volatile, 
and a Fund could lose more than the amount it invests. Derivatives may be 
difficult to value 
and highly illiquid, and a Fund may not be able to close out or sell a 
derivative position at a 
particular time or at an anticipated price. 
Warrants and Stock Purchase Rights. A Fund may participate in rights 
offerings and may purchase 
warrants, which are privileges issued by corporations enabling the owners to 
subscribe to and 
purchase a specified number of shares of the corporation at a specified 
price during a specified 
period of time. Subscription rights normally have a short life span to 
expiration. The purchase 
of rights or warrants involves the risk that a fund could lose the purchase 
value of a right or 
warrant if the right to subscribe to additional shares is not exercised 
prior to the rights' and 
warrants' expiration. Also, the purchase of rights and/or warrants involves 
the risk that the 
effective price paid for the right and/or warrant added to the subscription 
price of the related 
security may exceed the value of the subscribed security's market price such 
as when there is 
no movement in the level of the underlying security. Buying a warrant does 
not make the fund 
a shareholder of the underlying stock. The warrant holder has no voting or 
dividend rights 
with respect to the underlying stock. A warrant does not carry any right to 
assets of the 
issuer, and for this reason, investment in warrants may be more speculative 
than other equitybased 
investments. Transactions in off-exchange warrants may involve greater risk 
than dealing 
in exchange traded warrants because there is no exchange market through 
which to liquidate 
your position, or to assess the value of the warrant or the exposure to 
risk. Bid and offer 
prices need not be quoted when dealing with off-exchange warrants, and even 
EFTA01397645
--- PAGE 40 ---
where they are, 
they will be established by dealers in these instruments and consequently it 
may be difficult to 
establish what is a fair price. 
Debt Securities Risks. The value of a debt security changes in response to 
various factors, 
including, for example, market-related factors, such as changes in interest 
rates or changes in 
the actual or perceived ability of an issuer to meet its obligations. A Fund 
may invest in debt 
securities without considering the maturity of the instrument. In general 
the value of a debt 
security may fall in response to increases in interest rates. The value of a 
security with a longer 
duration will be more sensitive to changes in interest rates than a similar 
security with a 
shorter duration. As a result, changes in interest rates in the U.S. and 
outside the U.S. may 
affect a Fund's debt investments unfavorably. 
Debt securities in which a Fund invests may be rated below investment grade, 
or unrated 
securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser or the Underlying Fund 
Manager to be of 
comparable quality, are high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk 
bonds." These 
bonds are predominantly speculative. They are usually issued by companies 
without long track 
records of sales and earnings, or by companies with questionable credit 
strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree of default risk, may be less liquid and may be subject 
to greater price 
volatility than higher-rated bonds 
High Yield Securities ("Junk Bond") Risk. Fixed income instruments rated 
below investment grade, 
or unrated securities that are determined by its Sub-Adviser to be of 
comparable quality, are 
high yield, high risk bonds, commonly known as "junk bonds." These bonds are 
predominantly 
speculative. They are usually issued by companies without long track records 
of sales and 
earnings, or by companies with questionable credit strength. These bonds 
have a higher degree 
EFTA01397646
--- PAGE 41 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
of default risk and may be less liquid than higher-rated bonds. These 
securities may be subject 
to greater price volatility due to such factors as specific corporate 
developments, interest rate 
sensitivity, negative perceptions of junk bonds generally, and less 
secondary market liquidity. 
This potential lack of liquidity may make it more difficult for a Fund to 
accurately value these 
securities. In the event that a Fund disposes of a portfolio security after 
it is downgraded, the 
Fund may experience a greater loss than if such security had been sold prior 
to the downgrade. 
Interest Rate Risk. The values of debt 
increases in interest rates. 
instruments held by a Fund may fall 
in response to 
In general, the values of debt securities fall in response to increases 
in interest rates, and rise in response to decreases in interest rates. The 
value of a security 
with a longer duration will be more sensitive to increases in interest rates 
than a similar 
security with a shorter duration. Duration is a measure of the expected life 
of a bond that is 
used to determine the sensitivity of a security's price to changes in 
interest rates. For 
example, the price of a bond fund with an average duration of three years 
generally would be 
expected to fall approximately 3% if interest rates rose by one percentage 
point. 
floaters, 
Inverse 
interest-only and principal-only securities are especially sensitive to 
interest rate 
changes, which can affect not only their prices but can also change the 
income flows and 
repayment assumptions for those investments. Adjustable rate instruments 
also react 
to 
interest rate changes in a similar manner, although generally to a lesser 
degree (depending, 
however, on the characteristics of the reset terms, including the index 
chosen, frequency of 
reset and reset caps or floors, among other things). Given the current 
historically low 
interest rate environment, risks associated with rising rates are heightened 
If interest rates rise, repayments of principal on certain debt securities, 
including loans, may 
occur at a slower rate than expected and the expected length of repayment of 
EFTA01397647
--- PAGE 42 ---
those securities 
could increase as a result (i.e., extension risk). Securities that are 
subject to extension risk 
generally have a greater potential for loss when prevailing interest rates 
rise, which could cause 
their values to fall sharply Prepayment risk results from borrowers paying 
debt securities prior 
to their maturity date. When a prepayment happens, all or a portion of the 
obligation will be 
prepaid. A borrower is more likely to prepay an obligation which bears a 
relatively high rate of 
interest. This means that in times of declining interest rates, a portion of 
a Fund's higher 
yielding securities are likely to be pre-paid and the Fund will probably be 
unable to reinvest 
those proceeds in an investment with as high a yield. A decline in income 
received by a Fund 
from its investments is likely to have a negative effect on the yield and 
total return of the 
Fund's shares. 
Swaps. Investments in swaps involve the exchange by a Fund with another 
party of all or a 
portion of their respective interests or commitments. In the case of 
currency swaps, a Fund 
may exchange with another party their respective commitments to pay or 
receive currency. 
Use of swaps subjects a Fund to risk of default by the counterparty. If 
there is a default by the 
counterparty to such a transaction, a Fund will have contractual remedies 
pursuant to the 
agreements related to the transaction. There are currently a large number of 
banks and 
investments banking firms acting both as principals and agents and utilizing 
standardized swap 
documentation. As a result, swap markets are generally relatively liquid in 
comparison with the 
market for other similar instruments that are traded in the interbank 
market. In times of 
market turmoil, however, spreads can widen substantially and these markets 
can become very 
illiquid with the result that positions may not be able to be offset or 
closed out at a reasonable 
price, if at all. 
A Fund may also enter into currency, interest rate, total return or other 
swaps that may be 
surrogates for other 
instruments such as currency forwards and interest 
rate options. 
EFTA01397648
--- PAGE 43 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Generally, the value of such instruments depends upon price movements in the 
underlying 
assets as well as counterparty risk. 
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs). A Fund may invest in shares of REITs, 
which are pooled 
investment vehicles that invest in real estate or real estate loans or 
interests. Investing in REITs 
involves risks similar 
to those associated with investing in equity securities of small 
financing, default by borrowers, 
self-liquidation, and the 
capitalization companies. REITs are dependent upon management skills, are 
not diversified, and 
are subject to risks of project 
possibilities of failing to qualify for the exemption from taxation on 
distributed amounts under 
the Code. 
Cybersecurity Risk. Where a Fund is a private equity fund, a cyber-attack on 
a portfolio company 
may have a negative effect on the underlying private equity fund. To the 
extent that a portfolio 
company is subject 
to cyber-attack or other unauthorized access is gained to a portfolio 
company's systems, such portfolio company may be subject to substantial 
losses. In certain 
events, a portfolio company's failure or deemed failure to address and 
mitigate cybersecurity 
risks may be the subject of 
civil 
litigation or 
regulatory or other 
action. Any 
such 
circumstances could subject a portfolio company, or the relevant Fund, to 
substantial losses. In 
addition, in the event that such a cyber-attack or other unauthorized access 
is directed at 
iCapital or one of 
its service providers holding its financial or investor data, iCapital, 
Please refer to the applicable Fund's or Underlying Fund's PPM for further 
details. 
Item 9: Disciplinary Information 
iCapital does not believe that there have been any legal or disciplinary 
events that are material 
to our advisory business or the integrity of our management. 
Item 10: Other Financial Industry Activities and Affiliations 
iCapital Securities, LLC ("iCapital Securities") 
Affiliated Broker-Dealer. 
EFTA01397649
--- PAGE 44 ---
its 
affiliates or the Funds may also be at risk of loss, despite efforts to 
prevent and mitigate such 
risks under iCapital's policies. 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital, is 
the sole member of iCapital Securities. iCapital Securities is a broker-
dealer registered with 
the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), and a member of the 
Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority, Inc. ("FINRA"). iCapital Securities is also registered 
as a limited purpose 
broker-dealer with those state securities authorities where it services 
clients and is not 
otherwise exempt from such registration. iCapital Securities acts as a 
broker-dealer in respect 
of each of iCapital's private placements. (See Item 14 below for additional 
information). See 
"Conflicts of Interest" in Item 11 below for a description of how the 
Adviser addresses any 
conflicts of interest created by iCapital's relationship with iCapital 
Securities. 
Gen II Fund Services, LLC and Gen II Hedge Fund Services ("Gen II") 
Fund Administrator. Certain Principals of Gen II are minority owners of 
Institutional Capital 
Network, Inc., the parent company of iCapital. Gen II provides fund 
administration services to 
the Private Access Funds. In this capacity, Gen II provides iCapital 
accounting and investor 
reporting, 
capital 
call 
and distribution processing and investor support 
services. This 
relationship may create an incentive to select Gen II to provide services in 
respect of the 
EFTA01397650
--- PAGE 45 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Funds. The Gen II relationship will be managed by several iCapital 
executives. 
BNY Capital Corporation ("BNY") 
BNY holds a minority ownership interest in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of 
iCapital. Certain of the Funds hold cash in accounts at BNY and utilize BNY 
administrative services. This relationship may create an incentive to select 
BNY to provide 
services in respect of the Funds. 
iCapital Investors 
A number of asset managers have invested in Institutional Capital Network, 
Inc., the parent 
company of iCapital, including affiliates of BlackRock, Inc. ("BlackRock") 
and Credit Suisse 
Group AG ("Credit Suisse"). iCapital may offer products managed or sponsored 
by such 
investors as BlackRock and Credit Suisse or its affiliates and these 
relationships may create an 
incentive to select BlackRock or Credit Suisse products as the underlying 
fund in an iCapital 
Private Access Fund. 
In addition, select 
financial services companies, 
including affiliates of Morgan Stanley Smith 
Barney ("Morgan Stanley") and UBS Financial Services ("UBS") have made 
equity investments 
in Institutional Capital Network, Inc. iCapital may offer Private Access 
Funds to clients of 
Morgan Stanley and UBS and such investment in iCapital's parent may create 
an additional 
incentive for Morgan Stanley and UBS to direct its investments to an 
iCapital Private Access 
Fund. 
Finally, iCapital has and may continue to engage with certain of its equity 
investors to provide 
services to the Funds, including administration or other services. iCapital 
will manage these 
conflicts by identifying them in the applicable Fund offering documents and 
if applicable, by 
maintaining its independent diligence process and procedures, regardless of 
the identity of the 
underlying manager, and by negotiating on an arms-length basis the terms of 
any service 
providers to the Funds, including any equity investors in iCapital. 
Item 11: Code of Ethics, Participation or Interest in Client Transactions and 
Personal Trading 
Code of Ethics Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act 
EFTA01397651
--- PAGE 46 ---
Pursuant to Rule 204A-1 of the Advisers Act, 
iCapital has adopted a Code of Ethics that 
establishes various procedures with respect to investment transactions in 
accounts in which 
employees of iCapital or related persons have a beneficial interest or 
accounts over which an 
employee has investment discretion. 
iCapital's Code of Ethics was adopted to avoid possible conflicts of 
interest and ensure the 
propriety of our employees' and principals' trading activity. iCapital's 
Code of Ethics prohibits 
insider trading and provides instructions to employees when coming into 
possession of 
material nonpublic information. 
The foundation of the Code of Ethics is based on the underlying principles 
that: 
- Employees must at all times place the interests of the client first; 
- Employees must make sure that all personal securities transactions are 
conducted 
EFTA01397652
--- PAGE 47 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
consistent with the Code of Ethics; and 
- Employees should not take inappropriate advantage of their position. 
Employees (and any accounts in which an employee has beneficial ownership) 
must obtain 
written authorization from the CCO prior to making a personal investment in 
other private 
investment vehicles. The Code of Ethics also provides that the CCO (or his 
designee) will 
monitor employee investments in equity securities or other instruments; 
however, because the 
Sub-Advisers of the Direct Investment Funds maintain investment and trading 
authority on 
behalf of the Direct Investment Funds which should minimize any conflicts of 
interest that may 
arise out of the employees' personal trading activities. Furthermore, 
iCapital generally provides 
to each Sub-Adviser a list of companies at which any of 
iCapital's related persons has a 
material financial interest (e.g., board membership) so that such Sub-
Adviser may include such 
company on its own restricted list The spirit of the Code of Ethics is to 
discourage frequent 
trading in personal employee accounts. Employees also may not participate in 
any initial public 
offerings or engage in any outside business activities or private placements 
without obtaining 
prior written authorization from the CCO. iCapital's Code of Ethics is 
available upon request. 
Participation or Interest in Client Transactions 
iCapital serves as the investment adviser to the Funds. Employees, 
affiliates of the employees, 
and relatives of the employees may make investments in the Funds. 
iCapital may waive or 
reduce fees in respect of any Investor and generally intends to waive the 
fees in respect of any 
employees of iCapital and certain affiliates and estate-planning vehicles 
thereof. 
Each Underlying Manager or Sub-Adviser, as applicable, is responsible for 
making portfolio 
investments for any Fund it manages. Neither iCapital nor the Funds have any 
discretion or 
control over an Underlying Manager's or Sub-Adviser's decisions. 
Conflicts of Interest 
iCapital and its related entities engage in a broad range of activities, 
including investment 
activities for their own account and for the account of other investment 
funds, and providing 
transaction-related, 
investment advisory, management and other services to funds. In the 
EFTA01397653
--- PAGE 48 ---
ordinary course of conducting its activities, the interests of a Fund may 
conflict with the 
interests of iCapital, other Funds or their respective affiliates. Certain 
of these conflicts of 
interest, as well as a description of how iCapital addresses such conflicts 
of interest, can be 
found below. 
Compensation from Underlying Fund Managers. iCapital Securities, LLC may 
receive a placement 
fee as a result of its placement of certain investors in certain Private 
Access Funds. Such 
placement fee is typically a percentage of the aggregate capital commitments 
of an iCapital 
Private Access Fund to its respective underlying fund. The existence of such 
placement fee 
could create a potential conflict of interest. The prospect of receiving 
such compensation 
creates an incentive for iCapital Securities, LLC to place investors in the 
iCapital Private 
Access Funds from which it receives a placement fee over other investment 
vehicles from 
which it does not receive a placement fee. In addition, iCapital may retain 
and compensate 
registered investment advisers or placement agents for the purpose of 
marketing and selling 
the interests. 
Any such arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or 
placement agent to recommend the interests to investors where they might not 
otherwise 
make such recommendation or to recommend the interests to investors over 
another 
Form ADV Part 2A 
EFTA01397654
--- PAGE 49 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
investment. Certain management persons of iCapital (or its affiliates) are 
also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to participate in iCapital offered funds and 
in performing diligence 
on such investment advisers with which to launch access vehicles. 
Such relationship may 
create potential conflicts of interest. iCapital addresses these conflicts 
by providing in its Code 
of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor 
and by providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how 
such conflicts are resolved under the iCapital's policies and procedures. 
Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation 
received by iCapital Securities (or its affiliates). 
Fees Paid by Brokerage Limited Partners. Limited partners in one or more of 
the Funds may elect 
to be treated as "brokerage limited partners" and in connection therewith, 
pay a larger 
management fee than limited partners that are not "brokerage limited 
partners" for reporting, 
administrative and other services provided by such brokerage limited 
partner's registered 
investment adviser or adviser representative. The amount of any such 
additional management 
fee will generally be allocated to third parties or 
affiliates that provide investor-related 
services, including such brokerage limited partner's adviser representative. 
The existence of 
such fee may incentivize an investor's registered investment adviser or 
adviser representative 
to recommend a Fund over other investments from which such registered 
investment adviser 
or adviser representative would not receive such fee. 
Estimates. The governing documents of each Fund provide that values of the 
Fund's assets shall 
generally be calculated by the Fund's administrator based on estimates 
provided by the 
applicable Underlying Fund Manager or Sub-Adviser. The Underlying Fund 
Manager or SubAdviser 
will have a conflict of interest in determining such valuations if the 
applicable Fund 
charges its fees based on the value of the Fund's investments, including any 
performance-based 
compensation charged by such Fund. The general partner (or its affiliates, 
as applicable) of each 
EFTA01397655
--- PAGE 50 ---
Fund may also benefit 
from any overvaluation of an Underlying Fund's investments if the 
management fee for those Funds is based on the net asset value of a Fund's 
investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
Educational Programs. iCapital may, from time to time, offer (and, under 
certain circumstances, 
subsidize) certain educational and professional certification programs for 
financial advisers that 
recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network platform. 
The provision of 
such programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may 
incentivize the advisers that participate in such programming to recommend 
iCapital and interests 
in iCapital Private Access Funds over a manager or administrative agent who 
has not provided such 
educational opportunities. A prospective investor should carefully consider 
such conflict when 
determining whether to subscribe for Interests. 
Privacy Policy 
iCapital is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and 
security of our Investors' 
personal information. It is iCapital's policy to collect only information 
necessary or relevant to 
our management business and use only legitimate means to collect such 
information. iCapital 
does not disclose any non-public, personal information about our Investors 
to anyone except 
as needed for servicing and processing transactions, as consented to by an 
investor and 
required by law. 
iCapital restricts access to non-public, personal 
Investors to those employees with a legitimate business need for the 
information. 
maintains security practices, physical, 
information about our 
iCapital 
electronic and procedural safeguards to guard each 
EFTA01397656
--- PAGE 51 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
Investor's non-public, personal information. Upon request, iCapital will 
provide a copy of our 
written privacy policies and procedures. 
Item 12: Brokerage Practices 
With respect to the Private Access Funds, iCapital generally will not make 
investments in 
securities listed on national exchanges. However, there may be limited 
situations where we are 
allocated a listed security and need to place trade(s) through a broker. In 
such circumstances, 
we will seek "best execution" in light of the circumstances involved in the 
transaction. In 
selecting a broker for any transaction, we may consider a number of factors, 
including, for 
example, broker's reputation, net price or spread, reputation, financial 
strength and stability, 
market access, efficiency of execution and error resolution, and the size of 
the transaction. In 
seeking to achieve best execution, iCapital will not be obligated to obtain 
the lowest 
commission or best net price for a Private Access Fund in respect of any 
particular transaction. 
Further, in respect of each Direct Access Fund, iCapital has selected a Sub-
Adviser that had 
been delegated trading authority on behalf of the applicable Direct Access 
Fund. In selecting 
brokers to effect portfolio transactions for a Direct Access Fund, the 
applicable Sub-Adviser 
will not be obligated to seek the lowest available transaction cost, but may 
take into account 
such factors as the Sub-Adviser considers appropriate and consistent with 
its obligation to 
seek best execution as outlined in the Sub-Adviser's order execution policy, 
including, without 
limitation, the financial stability and reputation of the brokerage firm and 
its research, and 
brokerage services as a broker-dealer. A Sub-Adviser may use "soft dollar" 
credits generated 
by a Direct Access Fund's securities transactions with broker-dealers to pay 
for research and 
execution products or services that fall within the safe harbor created by 
Section 28(e) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. See the applicable PPM for additional 
details regarding a SubAdviser's 
brokerage policies. 
Item 13: Review of Accounts 
The Funds' performance and the performance of the Underlying Funds, as 
applicable, and the 
EFTA01397657
--- PAGE 52 ---
Underlying Funds' conformity with the investment objectives and guidelines 
are reviewed on a 
periodic basis by iCapital's Manager Due Diligence and Origination team. 
Investors in Funds structured as private equity funds will generally receive 
quarterly statements 
detailing their account information including the account's beginning and 
ending equity, and the 
account's performance for that period. 
generally receive monthly statements detailing the Fund's NAV. We may 
provide certain 
Investors in the Fund access to more frequent and detailed information as 
determined by 
iCapital. Additionally, 
each investor will 
statements for which they are invested, within 180 days of such Funds' 
fiscal year end. 
Item 14: Client Referrals and Other Compensation 
iCapital Securities, LLC, an affiliate of iCapital, acts as the broker-
dealer for private placement 
of 
interests of 
the Funds. 
iCapital Advisors does not 
receive any placement fees. Any 
placement fees generated from an investment by a Private Access Fund in an 
Underlying Fund 
will be paid to iCapital Securities by an Underlying Fund Manager (or its 
affiliates). From time 
to time, third- party broker-dealers may assist iCapital in the private 
placement of interests of 
the Funds. Any such third party is required to provide prospective clients 
with a current copy 
of iCapital's Part 2A of Form ADV. Typically, such third-party broker-dealer 
referring the 
investor will receive a percentage of 
the placement fee generated with respect 
to such 
Investors in Funds structured as hedge funds will 
receive the particular Funds' audited financial 
EFTA01397658
--- PAGE 53 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Form ADV Part 2A 
referred Investor's investment in a Fund, in which case such payment will be 
made by iCapital 
Securities. 
In respect of any Investors that elect to be treated as "Brokerage Limited 
Partners," iCapital 
will allocate a portion of the Management Fee it receives in respect of such 
Investors to certain 
broker-dealers or registered investment advisors for services provided by 
such broker-dealer 
or registered investment advisor to such Investor's account. Please refer to 
the applicable 
Fund's PPM for further details. 
iCapital has entered into collaboration and services agreements with 
Fidelity Brokerage 
Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC (collectively, referred to 
as "Fidelity") 
pursuant to which the iCapital compensates Fidelity for providing certain 
administrative 
services in respect of investors who custody their investment in one or more 
iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity 
custodial fees in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of 
iCapital, is typically a 
percentage of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital 
Private Access Funds. 
Further, iCapital's affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has 
committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity through which it will promote the iCapital 
network to Fidelity's 
platform of registered investment advisers and brokers. The existence of 
such compensation 
arrangements could create a potential 
conflict of 
interest. 
Any 
investors where they might not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Item 15: Custody 
Advisers with custody of client funds and securities must maintain them with 
"Qualified 
Custodians" unless such advisers have custody of only certain privately 
offered securities as 
defined in Rule 206(4)-2(b)(2) of the Advisers Act. "Qualified Custodians" 
under the amended 
rule include banks and savings associations and registered broker-dealers. 
However, advisers to fund-of-funds, which most of the Funds are categorized 
as, comply with 
the custody rule by: (i) having each Fund audited at least annually by an 
EFTA01397659
--- PAGE 54 ---
independent registered 
public accounting firm which is registered with the 
accounting oversight board; 
and (ii) distributing audited financial 
statements 
prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles to all investors (or 
beneficial owners) within 
180 days of the end of the fiscal year of the Fund. 
fund-of-funds, iCapital 
will distribute the audited financial statements within 180 days of the end 
of the fiscal year to 
the Investors. For a Fund that is not a fund-of-funds, iCapital will 
distribute the audited financial 
statements within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year to the Investors. 
Item 16: Investment Discretion 
iCapital has discretionary authority to make investment decisions for the 
Funds. Generally, our 
authority is limited by our own internal policies and procedures, and each 
Fund's investment 
guidelines and other terms contained within the governing documents. 
The investment guidelines governing the Firm's management of the Funds are 
specified under 
the limited partnership agreement, where investment 
limits 
investment risk and maximize return. 
are intended to minimize 
such compensation 
arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or any third party 
registered investment 
adviser or broker to recommend the interests 
in the iCapital Private Access Funds 
to 
public company 
members or other 
For a Fund that is a 
EFTA01397660
--- PAGE 55 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Item 17: Voting Client Securities 
In respect of 
the Private Access Funds, 
Form ADV Part 2A 
iCapital does not anticipate owning any equity 
securities granting us the right to vote proxies. Investors in any Private 
Access Fund will not be 
Limited Partners of the Underlying Fund and will have no voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. 
For purposes of exercising any voting rights under 
the Underlying Funds' 
constituent 
documents, iCapital intends to vote in the best interest of each Fund and 
may request that the 
Investors in the applicable Fund vote on certain matters that the Fund is 
asked to vote on with 
respect to its investment in an Underlying Fund. 
In respect of the Direct Investment Funds, iCapital has delegated the 
obligation to vote all 
proxies which are solicited in respect of such Funds' investments to the Sub-
Adviser and any 
such proxies shall be voted in accordance with the Sub-Adviser's proxy 
voting procedures. 
However, iCapital has established a Proxy Voting Policy in the event that it 
is required to vote 
a proxy for 
certain investments. 
iCapital will vote proxies as it deems necessary or 
appropriate, on a case by case basis. Prior to voting, the CCO will make a 
determination as to 
whether a material conflict of interest exists and will either resolve the 
conflict or refer the 
proxy vote to an outside service for its independent consideration. Upon 
request, we will 
provide an Investor with a copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures 
and information 
on how the proxies were voted. 
Item 18: Financial Information 
Registered investment advisers are required in this Item to provide you with 
certain financial 
information or disclosures about the Firm's 
financial condition. 
iCapital has no financial 
commitment that impairs its ability to meet contractual and fiduciary 
commitments to clients 
and has not been the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding 
EFTA01397661
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
FORM ADV PART 2B: Brochure Supplement 
East 42nd 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Street, 26th 
New York, NY 10165 
646-214-7400 
Floor 
March 30, 2018 
This Brochure Supplement provides information about Eileen Duff Blalock, 
Phil Pool, John Robertshaw, 
Daniel Vene and Nicholas Veronis that supplements the iCapital Advisors, 
LLC's Form ADV Brochure. 
Please contact Michael Stanton, iCapital Advisors, LLC's Chief Compliance 
Officer, at 1-646-214-7283 
or by email at mstanton@icapitalnetwork.com if you did not receive iCapital 
Advisors, LLC's Brochure 
or if you have any questions about the contents of this supplement. 
Additional information about iCapital Advisors, LLC is available on the 
SEC's website at 
www.adviserinfo.sec.gov. 
EFTA01397662
--- PAGE 57 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Eileen Duff Blalock 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Ms. Blalock is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Ms. 
Blalock is Managing Partner 
and Head of Distribution for iCapital Network where she is responsible for 
sales, relationship 
management and investor relations supporting the RIA, broker-dealer, private 
banking and family office 
communities. Prior to joining iCapital, Eileen was Head of Alternative 
Investments, North America at 
Credit Suisse, where she built and oversaw the origination and distribution 
functions for private equity, 
hedge funds, managed futures, real estate and other key alternative asset 
classes. Previously, Ms. Blalock 
was with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette where she was responsible for global 
marketing in the private 
client group. She is a graduate of University of Delaware and holds FINRA 
Series 7 and 24 licenses. 
Disciplinary Information 
Ms. Blalock has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Ms. Blalock is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and Principal of 
iCapital Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, she does not receive sales 
commission. All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Ms. Blalock for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01397663
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Phil Pool 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Pool is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Pool is 
Co-Founder and 
Chairman of the Board of iCapital Network. He also serves as Co-Chairman of 
First Avenue Partners, a 
placement agent firm based in London and New York. Most recently, Mr. Pool 
was a partner of Willis 
Stein & Partners, a Chicago-based private equity firm. Previously, he worked 
as a Managing Director of 
Credit Suisse following CSFB's acquisition of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette 
Securities Corporation where 
he co-founded and headed the Private Fund Group. From 1985 to 1994, he was 
an investment banker 
with Merrill Lynch, and from 1980 to 1985, he was an investment banker with 
Kidder, Peabody & Co. 
Mr. Pool received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University and a B.S. 
degree from the McIntire 
School of Commerce of the University of Virginia. He serves on the Board of 
Directors of The Teagle 
Foundation. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Pool has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Pool is a Board Member at iCapital Network and Principal of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. He further 
serves as Co-Chairman of First Avenue Partners. In order to minimize any 
conflicts of interest with 
iCapital Securities, he does not receive sales commission. All employees of 
iCapital Advisors are 
instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
Mr. Pool is compensated by First Avenue Partners. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Pool for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01397664
--- PAGE 59 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
John C. Robertshaw 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Robertshaw is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Robertshaw is a CoFounder 
and Special Advisor to iCapital Network. Until 2016, he served as a Vice 
Chairman of Credit 
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC. He served as Co-Head of the Private Fund Group 
at Credit Suisse from 
2004 through 2013, during which time the Private Fund Group represented more 
than 170 funds raising 
in excess of $250 billion. He also served as a member of the Asset 
Management Operating Committee 
as well as the Alternative Investments Operating Committee at Credit Suisse. 
Mr. Robertshaw joined 
Credit Suisse in November 2000, when the Bank merged with Donaldson, Lufkin 
& Jenrette, where he 
was a Managing Director in the Private Fund Group. Mr. Robertshaw joined DU 
in September 1995 
from Salomon Brothers, where he was in charge of Private Equity Placements. 
He spent seven years 
with Salomon, the last five as a private placement specialist. Mr. 
Robertshaw received a B.A. in English 
Literature from Yale University. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Robertshaw has not been the subject of any material legal or 
disciplinary events required to be 
disclosed in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Robertshaw is a Special Advisor to iCapital Network and iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order to 
minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None. 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Robertshaw for 
compliance purposes. Mr. 
Stanton's contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 
2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01397665
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Daniel Vene 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Vene is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. Vene is 
Co-Founder and one of 
the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he leads enterprise-level 
platform integration with 
banks, asset managers, wirehouses and other large-scale organizations. Prior 
to founding iCapital, Mr. 
Vene was head of private real estate capital raising at Fir Tree Partners, a 
$12.5 billion AUM multistrategy 
investment firm. He was also formerly a partner at Eaton Partners where he 
was responsible 
for real estate and real asset fund origination, structuring, and 
distribution. Mr. Vene previously was 
Founder and CEO of Earnings.com, a leading financial database and aggregator 
of corporate events, 
which was acquired by Thomson Financial in 2001. He received a B.S. degree 
in finance and marketing 
from Cornell University, and is a member of PREA and NCREIF. He holds FINRA 
licenses Series 7 and 
as well as an FSA license. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Vene has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed in 
this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Vene for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01397666
--- PAGE 61 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Nicholas Veronis 
Educational Background and Business Experience 
Mr. Veronis is a member of iCapital Advisor's investment committee. Mr. 
Veronis is Co-Founder and 
one of the Managing Partners of iCapital Network where he oversees 
origination and due diligence. Mr. 
Veronis spent 11 years at Veronis Suhler Stevenson, a middle market private 
equity firm where he was a 
Managing Director responsible for originating and structuring investment 
opportunities. At VSS, he 
specialized in the business information services sector and helped spearhead 
the firm's investment 
strategy in the financial software and data sector. Mr. Veronis was 
previously an operating advisor to 
Atlas Advisors, an independent investment bank based in New York. He began 
his career as a financial 
journalist for The Boston Business Journal, was a reporter for The Star-
Ledger, and an associate in the 
New Media Division of Newhouse Newspapers. He holds a BA degree in economics 
from Trinity College 
and FINRA licenses Series 7, 79 and 63. 
Disciplinary Information 
Mr. Veronis has not been the subject of any material legal or disciplinary 
events required to be disclosed 
in this Item. 
Other Business Activities 
Mr. Vene is a Managing Partner at iCapital Network and employee of iCapital 
Securities, LLC. In order 
to minimize any conflicts of interest, he does not receive sales commission. 
All employees of iCapital 
Advisors are instructed to put client interest first at all times. 
Additional Compensation 
None 
Supervision 
Mr. Michael Stanton, iCapital's CCO, supervises Mr. Veronis for compliance 
purposes. Mr. Stanton's 
contact information can be located on the cover page to this ADV 2B. 
Form ADV Part 2B 
EFTA01397667

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397668.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397668.pdf
----------------------------------------
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Execution Version 
Proprietary and Confidential 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT 
OF 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
(A Delaware Limited Partnership) 
Dated as of April 11, 2018 
THE LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER ACCESS 
SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. (THE "PARTNERSHIP") REPRESENTED BY 
THIS 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN 
REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES 
ACT"), 
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS, IN 
RELIANCE UPON EXEMPTIONS FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND SUCH LAWS, AND ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON 
TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS 
PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE 
STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE 
RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, A LIMITED PARTNER MAY NOT SELL, ASSIGN, TRANSFER, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF ALL OR ANY PART OF SUCH LIMITED PARTNER'S 
INTEREST IN THE PARTNERSHIP UNLESS THE GENERAL PARTNER (AS DEFINED HEREIN) 
HAS CONSENTED THERETO. 
EFTA01397668
--- PAGE 2 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ARTICLE 1 -
DEFINITIONS  
Definitions.  
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; 
POWERS  
2.1 
2.2 
2.3 
3.2 
3.3 
3.4 
3.5 
3.6 
4.2 
4.3 
5.2 
Continuation of Limited 
Partnership.  
Name; 
Offices 
Purpose; 
Powers.  
ARTICLE 3 -
PARTNERS  
3.1 
Names, Addresses and 
Subscriptions.  
Status of Limited 
Partners.  
3.2.1 Limited 
Liability 
3.2.2 Effect of Death, Dissolution or 
Bankruptcy.  
3.2.3 No Control of 
Partnership.  
EFTA01397669
--- PAGE 3 ---
Additional Limited 
Partners.  
3.3.1 Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing 
Date.  
3.3.2 Accession to 
Agreement.  
3.3.3 Anti-Money Laundering 
Provisions.  
Management and Control of 
Partnership.  
3.4.1 Management by General 
Partner.  
3.4.2 Powers of General 
Partner.  
3.4.3 Outside 
Business.  
Alternative Investment 
Vehicles.  
Parallel Access Funds or Feeder 
Funds.  
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND 
ACTIVITIES  
4.1 
Investment 
Guidelines  
Borrowings  
ERISA 
Compliance.  
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND 
EXPENSES  
5.1 
Organizational 
Expenses.  
Partnership Expenses and Management 
EFTA01397670
--- PAGE 4 ---
Fee 
5.2.1 Payment of 
Expenses.  
5.2.2 Management 
Fee.  
ARTICLE 6 - CAPITAL OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP  
6.1 
Obligation to 
Contribute.  
6.2 
6.3 
6.1.1 In 
General.  
6.1.2 Initial Capital 
Contributions.  
6.1.3 Additional Contributions; Deficiency 
Drawdowns.  
6.1.4 Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or 
Postponement.  
6.1.5 Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or 
Withdrawals.  
6.1.6 General Partner's Authority to Reduce 
Subscriptions.  
6.1.7 Subscription of the General 
Partner.  
Return of Certain Amounts Subject to Subsequent 
Drawdown 
6.2.1 Unused 
Contributions.  
6.2.2 Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional 
Partner.  
6.2.3 Effect of Return of 
Contributions.  
Failure to Make Required 
Payment.  
6.3.1 
EFTA01397671
--- PAGE 5 ---
Interest.  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
i 
EFTA01397672
--- PAGE 6 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 
Default.  
6.3.3 Bifurcated 
Default.  
6.3.4 Assignment of Partner 
Contributions.  
ARTICLE 7 -
DISTRIBUTIONS  
7.1 
Amount, Timing and 
Form.  
7.1.1 
General.  
7.1.2 Distribution of Proceeds of 
Investments 
7.2 
7.3 
7.4 
7.5 
Discretionary 
Distributions.  
7.2.1 
General.  
7.2.2 Operational 
Rules.  
Special 
Distributions.  
Payment of 
Taxes.  
7.4.1 
General.  
7.4.2 Tax 
Liability.  
7.4.3 Partnership 
EFTA01397673
--- PAGE 7 ---
Obligation.  
Certain Distributions 
Prohibited.  
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; 
ALLOCATIONS  
8.1 
8.2 
8.3 
8.4 
9.2 
9.3 
10.2 
10.3 
10.4 
10.5 
Allocations of Net Gain or 
Loss.  
8.2.1 Net Gain and Net Loss, 
Generally.  
8.2.2 Special Allocations of Items of Loss or 
Deduction.  
8.2.3 Allocations Following a 
Default 
Other Specially Allocated 
Items.  
Admission of Additional 
Partners.  
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE 
PARTNERSHIP  
9.1 
Term of 
Partnership.  
Dissolution Upon Withdrawal of General 
Partner.  
Dissolution by the General 
Partner.  
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON 
DISSOLUTION  
EFTA01397674
--- PAGE 8 ---
10.1 
General.  
Liquidating 
Distributions 
Expenses of 
Liquidator.  
Duration of 
Liquidation.  
Liability for 
Returns.  
10.5.1 
General.  
10.5.2 Limited Partner 
Obligations.  
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND 
WITHDRAWALS  
11.1 
Transfers of Limited Partnership 
Interests.  
11.1.1 
General.  
11.1.2 Consent of General 
Partner.  
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership 
Interests.  
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain 
Transfers.  
11.1.5 Required Representations by 
Parties.  
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal 
Consequences.  
11.1.7 Opinion of 
Counsel.  
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer 
Expenses.  
EFTA01397675
--- PAGE 9 ---
11.2 
Admission of Substituted Limited 
Partners.  
11.2.1 
General.  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
ii 
Capital 
Accounts.  
8.1.1 Creation and 
Maintenance.  
8.1.2 Timing of 
Allocations.  
8.1.3 Compliance with Treasury 
Regulations 
EFTA01397676
--- PAGE 10 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.3 
11.4 
11.5 
11.6 
11.7 
11.2.2 Effect of 
Admission.  
Non-Compliant 
Transfer.  
Multiple 
Ownership 
No Withdrawal 
Rights.  
Removal of a Limited 
Partner.  
Look-Through 
Treatment.  
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND 
INDEMNIFICATION  
12.1 
Exculpation.  
12.1.1 
General.  
-
12.1.2 Activities of 
Others.  
12.1.3 
Liquidator.  
12.1.4 Advice of 
Experts.  
12.2 
Indemnification 
12.3 
12.4 
12.2.1 
General.  
EFTA01397677
--- PAGE 11 ---
12.2.2 Limitation on 
Indemnification.  
12.2.3 Advance Payment of 
Expenses 
12.2.4 
Insurance 
12.2.5 
Successors.  
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other 
Sources.  
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General 
Partner.  
Limitation by 
Law.  
Return of Certain 
Distributions.  
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND 
CONSENTS  
13.1 
Amendments.  
13.2 
13.1.1 Consent of 
Partners.  
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic 
Rights.  
13.1 3 Consent to Amend ERISA 
Provisions.  
13.1.4 Notice of 
Amendments.  
13.1.5 Negative 
Consent.  
Voting and 
Consents.  
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE 
PROVISIONS  
EFTA01397678
--- PAGE 12 ---
14.1 
14.2 
Financial 
Reports.  
14.2.1 Annual Financial 
Statements.  
14.2.2 Annual Tax 
Information.  
14.2.3 Quarterly 
Reports.  
14.2.4 Information 
Rights.  
14.3 
Valuation 
14.3.1 Valuation by General 
Partner.  
14.3.2 Freely Tradable 
Securities.  
14.3.3 Other 
Assets.  
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible 
Assets.  
14.4 
14.5 
14.6 
Notices.  
Accounting 
Provisions 
14.5.1 Fiscal 
Year.  
14.5.2 Independent 
Accountants.  
Tax 
Provisions.  
EFTA01397679
--- PAGE 13 ---
14.6.1 Classification as 
Partnership.  
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; 
FATCA.  
14.6.3 Section 1045 
Rollovers 
14.6.4 Electing Investment 
Partnership.  
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
iii 
Keeping of Accounts and Records; Certificate of Limited 
Partnership.  
14.1.1 Accounts and 
Records.  
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited 
Partnership.  
EFTA01397680
--- PAGE 14 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting 
Consistency.  
General 
Provisions.  
14.7.1 Power of 
Attorney.  
14.7.2 Execution of Additional 
Documents.  
14.7.3 Limited Partner 
Information.  
14.7.4 Binding on 
Successors.  
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for 
Breach 
14.7.6 Waiver of 
Partition.  
14.7.7 Securities Law 
Matters.  
14.7.8 
Confidentiality.  
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; 
Counterparts.  
14.7.10 
Arbitration.  
14.7.11 Side 
Letters.  
14.7.12 Entire 
Agreement.  
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification 
Information.  
Appendix I Definitions 
Appendix II Regulatory and Tax Allocations 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
EFTA01397681
--- PAGE 15 ---
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
iv 
EFTA01397682
--- PAGE 16 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT, dated as of April 11, 
2018 (this 
"Agreement"), by and among Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP 
LLC, as the sole 
general partner (the "General Partner"), and those firms, corporations and 
other Persons listed on the List 
of Partners as limited partners who execute a counterpart of this Agreement 
(the "Limited Partners"). The 
General Partner and the Limited Partners are sometimes referred to herein 
collectively as the "Partners." 
WHEREAS, by an agreement dated January 8th, 2018 and made by and between the 
General 
Partner and the Initial Limited Partner (the "Initial Agreement"), the 
General Partner and the Initial 
Limited Partner formed Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
L.P. (the "Partnership") 
by the filing of the Certificate of Limited Partnership with the Office of 
the Secretary of State of the State 
of Delaware on January 8th, 2018. 
WHEREAS, on the date hereof, the General Partner desires to admit additional 
persons to the 
Partnership as Limited Partners and the Initial Limited Partner desires to 
withdraw from the Partnership; 
and 
WHEREAS, in connection with such admissions and withdrawal, the parties 
desire to amend and 
restate the Initial Agreement. 
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and 
sufficiency of which 
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby amend and restate the Initial 
Agreement to read in its 
entirety as follows: 
ARTICLE 1 - DEFINITIONS 
DEFINITIONS. 
Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the meanings 
assigned to them in 
Appendix I hereto. As used herein, the term "Partner" shall also include, as 
applicable in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, any Persons for whom an Approved Agent is 
recorded on the books and records 
of the Partnership as nominee or agent, notwithstanding that such Partner is 
not recorded on the books 
and records. 
ARTICLE 2 - ORGANIZATION; POWERS 
2.1 CONTINUATION OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
The Partners agree to continue the Partnership subject to the terms of this 
EFTA01397683
--- PAGE 17 ---
Agreement in accordance with 
the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act, as amended from time 
to time (the "Delaware 
Act"), and the Initial Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its 
entirety by its deletion and 
replacement by this Agreement. The Initial Limited Partner hereby withdraws 
from the Partnership 
simultaneously with the admission of the first additional Limited Partner, 
and none of the Partners shall 
have any claim against the Initial Limited Partner as such. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397684
--- PAGE 18 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
2.2 NAME; OFFICES. 
The name of the Partnership is " Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P." The 
Partnership shall have the exclusive right to use such name as long as the 
Partnership continues. The 
name of the Partnership may be changed at any time by the General Partner 
without the consent or 
approval of the Limited Partners. The principal office of the Partnership 
shall be located initially at c/o 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc., 60 East 42nd Street, New York, NY 
10165. The initial address of the 
Partnership's registered office in Delaware is Corporation Trust Center, 
1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, 
County of New Castle, and its initial registered agent at such address for 
service of process is The 
Corporation Trust Company. The General Partner may change the locations of 
the principal office and 
registered office of the Partnership to such other locations, and may change 
the registered agent of the 
Partnership in Delaware to such other Person, as the General Partner may 
specify from time to time. The 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, may cause the Partnership to open 
additional offices. 
2.3 
PURPOSE; POWERS. 
The principal purpose of the Partnership is to make, hold and dispose of an 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund and to engage in any activities incidental thereto, including holding 
funds in cash or investment 
funds in short term investments pending utilization. Subject to the 
provisions of this Agreement, the 
Partnership may engage in any and all activities necessary, desirable or 
incidental to the accomplishment 
of the foregoing and any other activity that is lawful for, and shall have 
all of the powers available to, a 
limited partnership organized under the Delaware Act. 
The General Partner, in its discretion, may, choose not to commit up to 10% 
of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Partnership for investment into the Underlying Fund. 
Such reserved commitment 
amounts may be used in accordance with 6.1.3. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund resulting in an over-commitment of the of the Partnership (i.e., the 
Partnership's commitment 
amount to the Underlying Fund, together with any expenses of the Partnership 
would be greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscription to the Partnership). 
EFTA01397685
--- PAGE 19 ---
ARTICLE 3 - PARTNERS 
3.1 NAMES, ADDRESSES AND SUBSCRIPTIONS. 
The name, address, facsimile number, electronic mail address and 
Subscription of each Partner are set 
forth in the List of Partners. The General Partner shall cause the List of 
Partners to be revised, without 
the necessity of obtaining the consent of any other Partner, to reflect any 
changes in the information 
contained thereon occurring pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Each 
Partner shall promptly 
provide the Partnership with the information required to be set forth for 
such Partner on the List of 
Partners and shall thereafter promptly notify the Partnership of any change 
to such information. 
3.2 
STATUS OF LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.2.1 Limited Liability. 
No Limited Partner, in its capacity as such, shall be liable for the debts 
and obligations of the Partnership 
so long as such Limited Partner does not take part in the control of the 
business of the Partnership; 
provided, however, that each Limited Partner shall be required to pay to the 
Partnership (a) any unpaid 
capital contributions that such Limited Partner has agreed to make to the 
Partnership pursuant to 
Article 6, to the extent provided in Section 17-502(a) and (b) of the 
Delaware Act; (b) the amount of any 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397686
--- PAGE 20 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
distribution that such Limited Partner is required to return to the 
Partnership pursuant to the Delaware 
Act; and (c) the unpaid balance of any other payments that such Limited 
Partner expressly is required to 
make to the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement, including, without 
limitation, 3.3.1 or 12.4, or 
pursuant to such Limited Partner's subscription agreement, if any. 
3.2.2 Effect of Death, Dissolution or Bankruptcy. 
Upon the death, incompetency, bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or 
dissolution of a Limited Partner, 
the rights and obligations of such Limited Partner under this Agreement 
shall inure to the benefit of, and 
shall be binding upon, such Limited Partner's successor(s), estate or legal 
representative, and each such 
Person shall be treated as an assignee of such Limited Partner's interest 
for purposes of Article 11 until 
such time as such Person may be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to that Article. 
3.2.3 No Control of Partnership. 
Except as otherwise provided herein, no Limited Partner shall have the right 
or power to: (a) withdraw or 
reduce its contribution to the capital of the Partnership; (b) cause the 
dissolution and winding up of the 
Partnership; or (c) demand or receive property in return for its capital 
contributions. No Limited Partner, 
in its capacity as such, shall take any part in the control of the affairs 
of the Partnership, undertake any 
transactions on behalf of the Partnership, or have any power to sign for or 
otherwise to bind the 
Partnership. 
3.3 ADDITIONAL LIMITED PARTNERS. 
3.3.1 Additional Subscriptions Before Final Closing Date. 
(a) 
Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, during the period from the date 
on which 
investors are first admitted to the Partnership (the "Initial Closing Date") 
through the date 
which is three (3) months following the last date on which the Underlying 
Fund may hold 
a closing (the "Final Closing Date"), the General Partner is authorized, but 
not obligated, 
to admit to the Partnership one or more additional Limited Partners (each, 
an "Additional 
Limited Partner") and to accept additional Subscriptions from existing 
Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Fund making a corresponding increase to its 
Subscription based on 
the admission of additional limited partners to, or increase in 
subscriptions by existing 
EFTA01397687
--- PAGE 21 ---
limited partners in, such Feeder Fund), who shall be deemed to be Additional 
Limited 
Partners to the extent of such additional Subscriptions. Each such 
Additional Limited 
Partner admitted to the Partnership pursuant to this 3.3.1 (including 
through an increase 
in its Subscription) prior to the final closing date of the Underlying Fund 
shall be 
required to contribute, on or after the date of its admission or the 
acceptance of its 
additional Subscription, in each case as determined by the General Partner 
in its sole 
discretion: 
(1) 
the amount of the contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the 
Partnership, including any cost-of-carry or interest amount, attributable to 
such 
Limited Partner's new or increased Subscription, if any, if the Partnership 
makes a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund; 
(2) 
its proportionate share of all funded Partnership Expenses (excluding the 
Management Fee) and to the extent not duplicative of (1), its proportionate 
share of funded Subscriptions of Limited Partners (other than Defaulting 
Partners) admitted in prior closings, including, if applicable, in 
connection with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397688
--- PAGE 22 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested in 
the 
Underlying Fund; 
(3) 
(4) 
the amount of the Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of 
such Additional Limited Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner 
subscribed for such interest at the Initial Closing; and 
at the General Partner's option, an interest-equivalent amount equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution made pursuant to (2) and (3), computed at a rate per annum equal 
to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period from the due 
date or dates on which the other Partners were required to make their earlier 
contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(b) Any Additional Limited Partners admitted after the final closing date of 
the Underlying 
Fund shall contribute, on or after the day of its admission or acceptance of 
its additional 
Subscription, (i) its proportionate share of funded Subscriptions of Limited 
Partners 
(other than Defaulting Partners) admitted in prior closings (including in 
respect of 
Partnership Expenses other than Management Fees) and (ii) the amount of the 
Management Fee that would have been payable in respect of such Additional 
Limited 
Partner, had such Additional Limited Partner subscribed for such Interest at 
the Initial 
Closing) plus, at the General Partners option, an interest-equivalent amount 
equal to the 
interest that would be payable on a debt obligation in the amount of the 
contribution, 
computed at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for 
the period from the due date or dates on which the other Partners were 
required to make 
their earlier contributions to the date of such contribution. 
(a) Any amounts contributed pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(3) or 3.3.1(b)(ii), 
including any interest 
thereon shall be paid to the Investment Manager. Other amounts shall be 
subject to 
adjustment as provided in 6.2.2 and shall be invested in the Underlying Fund 
or paid to 
existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund), which may result in 
the dilution 
of existing Limited Partners (including any Feeder Fund and indirectly, 
limited partners 
of any such Feeder Fund), provided that any amounts which constitute 
interest paid to 
existing Limited Partners shall not increase such Limited Partners' unpaid 
EFTA01397689
--- PAGE 23 ---
Subscriptions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, investments of the Underlying Fund made and 
disposed of 
prior to a particular subsequent closing will not be allocated to any 
Limited Partners 
admitted at such subsequent closing and the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, 
make any allocations or adjustments necessary to give effect to this 
provision. 
(b) 
The General Partner may apply this 3.3.1 to the limited partners of a Feeder 
Fund on a 
look-through basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the 
Partnership or 
were subscribing for a direct interest in the Partnership (or to increase 
its Subscription to 
the Partnership), and the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
adjust the Capital 
Accounts, Contributions, payments and distributions of and to the Limited 
Partners 
(including a Feeder Fund) in order to give effect to the foregoing and to 
the provisions of 
any limited partnership agreement of a Feeder Fund. 
3.3.2 Accession to Agreement. 
Each Person who is to be admitted as an Additional Limited Partner or 
substituted Limited Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement shall accede to this Agreement by executing 
(either directly or by power of 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397690
--- PAGE 24 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
attorney), together with the General Partner, a counterpart signature page 
to this Agreement providing for 
such admission, which shall be deemed for all purposes to constitute an 
amendment to this Agreement 
providing for such admission but shall not require the consent or approval 
of any other Partner. The 
General Partner shall make any necessary filings with the appropriate 
governmental authorities and take 
such actions as are necessary under applicable law to effectuate such 
admission. 
3.3.3 Anti-Money Laundering Provisions. 
The Limited Partners acknowledge that the Partnership, the General Partner, 
the Underlying Fund and 
their respective Affiliates may be subject to certain anti-money laundering 
laws and related 
pronouncements and may otherwise be prohibited from engaging in transactions 
with, or providing 
services to, certain foreign countries, territories, entities and 
individuals, including without limitation, 
specially designated nationals, specially designated narcotics traffickers 
and other parties subject to 
United States government sanctions and embargo programs. In furtherance of 
the foregoing: 
(a) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to ensure that: 
(1) 
None of the monies that such Limited Partner will contribute to the 
Partnership 
shall be derived from, or related to, any activity that is deemed criminal 
under 
United States law or the law of the jurisdiction in which such activity took 
place; and 
(2) 
No contribution or payment by such Limited Partner to the Partnership, to the 
extent that such contribution or payment is within such Limited Partner's 
control, and no distribution to such Limited Partner (assuming such 
distribution 
is made in accordance with instructions provided to the General Partner by 
such Limited Partner) shall cause the Partnership or the General Partner to 
in violation of the United States Bank Secrecy Act, the United States Money 
Laundering Control Act of 1986, the United States International Money 
Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of 2001, the Uniting 
and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to 
Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 or any other anti-money 
laundering laws or regulations, in each case as amended and any successor 
statute thereto and including all regulations promulgated thereunder 
(collectively, the "Anti-Money Laundering Laws"). 
(b) 
EFTA01397691
--- PAGE 25 ---
Each Limited Partner: (1) shall promptly notify the General Partner if, to 
the knowledge 
of such Limited Partner, there has been any violation of 3.3.3(a); (2) shall 
provide the 
General Partner, promptly upon receipt of the General Partner's written 
request therefor, 
with any additional information regarding such Limited Partner or its 
beneficial owner(s) 
that the General Partner deems necessary or advisable in order to ensure 
compliance with 
the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or all applicable laws, regulations and 
administrative 
pronouncements concerning other criminal activities; and (3) understands and 
agrees that 
if, at any time, the requirements of 3.3.3(a) or (b) are not satisfied, or 
if otherwise 
required by the Anti-Money Laundering Laws or any applicable law or 
regulation related 
to other criminal activities, the General Partner may take any actions as it 
determines to 
be necessary or advisable to comply with all such applicable laws, 
regulations and 
pronouncements, including "freezing" such Limited Partner's Interest or 
causing the 
compulsory redemption or Transfer of such Limited Partner's Interest to 
another person 
or entity at no value. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397692
--- PAGE 26 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that (1) the Partnership or the 
General 
Partner may release confidential information regarding such Limited Partner 
and, if 
applicable, any of its beneficial owners, or provide such confidential 
information to the 
Underlying Fund such that they may release such confidential information, in 
each case 
to governmental authorities if the General Partner or the general partner of 
the 
Underlying Fund, as applicable, in their sole discretion, determine that 
releasing such 
information is in the best interest of the Partnership and/or the Underlying 
Fund in light 
of any regulations or administrative pronouncements promulgated under the 
laws referred 
to in 3.3.3(b)(2), and (2) the General Partner, without the consent of any 
Limited Partner 
and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, may amend any 
provision of 
this Agreement in order to effectuate the intent of this 3.3.3. 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or of any Limited 
Partner's 
subscription agreement, the General Partner, on its own behalf or on behalf 
of the 
Partnership, may, in its sole discretion and without the approval of any 
Limited Partner or 
any other Person, agree in writing with any Limited Partner to alternate 
representations 
and covenants of such Limited Partner reasonably designed to ensure 
compliance with 
applicable Anti-Money Laundering Laws and other criminal laws, regulations 
and 
administrative pronouncements and government sanctions, and thereby 
expressly waive 
compliance with all or any part of this 3.3.3 with respect to such Limited 
Partner. The 
Partners agree that any terms contained in such writing to or with a Limited 
Partner shall 
govern with respect to such Limited Partner notwithstanding the provisions 
of this 
Agreement or of any subscription agreement. 
(e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, 
the General 
Partner in its own name and on behalf of the Partnership, acting alone, 
shall be authorized 
without the consent of any Limited Partner, to take such action as it 
determines to be 
EFTA01397693
--- PAGE 27 ---
necessary or advisable to comply with any anti-money laundering or anti-
terrorist laws, 
rules, regulations, directives or special measures, including the actions 
contemplated by 
the subscription agreements and in connection with actions contemplated by 
the 
governing documents of the Underlying Fund. 
3.4 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF PARTNERSHIP. 
3.4.1 Management by General Partner. 
The management, policies and control of the Partnership shall be vested 
exclusively in the General 
Partner, who shall have the rights, powers and obligations required to be 
vested in or assumed by a 
general partner of a limited partnership under the Delaware Act and 
otherwise as provided by law. Except 
as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or by law, the General 
Partner is hereby vested with 
the full, exclusive and complete right, power and discretion to operate, 
manage and control the affairs of 
the Partnership (and to delegate the management and operation of the 
Partnership to the Investment 
Manager on the terms set forth in the Management Agreement) and to make all 
decisions affecting 
Partnership affairs, as deemed proper, convenient or advisable by the 
General Partner to carry on the 
business of the Partnership as described in 2.3. 
3.4.2 Powers of General Partner. 
(a) No Person, in dealing with the General Partner, shall be required to 
determine the 
General Partner's authority to make any commitment or engage in any 
undertaking on 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397694
--- PAGE 28 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
behalf of the Partnership, or to determine any fact or circumstance bearing 
upon the 
existence of the authority of the General Partner. 
(b) Without limiting 3.4.1, but subject to the other provisions of this 
Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the power on behalf and in the name of the Partnership to 
implement 
the objectives of the Partnership and to 
Partnership 
may possess, including without limitation, 
Partnership to make 
any elections available to the Partnership 
laws (other than 
elections specifically prohibited by 14.6.1), 
determine the timing of 
when to cause the Partnership to hold and/or sell 
Freely 
Tradable Securities, in its sole discretion. 
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
consent of any 
Limited Partner or other Person 
authorized to 
execute, deliver and perform, 
Partnership and 
itself, as applicable, is 
subscription 
agreement with 
agreement with 
Administrator, 
(iv) any 
document in 
the 
Partnership, (v) 
appropriate in 
connection with the 
any agreement 
with a custodian to 
related to the 
disposition of the assets of the Partnership including its interest in the 
Underlying Fund, 
(viii) any documents related to liquidity arrangements for Partnership 
Interests, (ix) any 
agreement, document or other instrument contemplated by or related to any of 
(i) through 
(viii) above or otherwise contemplated by this Agreement and (x) any 
amendment of any 
such document in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The General 
Partner is 
hereby authorized to enter into the documents described in the preceding 
being 
and the 
exercise any rights and powers the 
(i) the power to cause the 
under applicable tax or other 
and (ii) the power to 
any securities, including 
Agreement, 
required, the Partnership 
General Partner 
hereby authorized to execute and 
without the 
is hereby 
on behalf of the 
deliver (i) a 
each Limited Partner, (ii) an administration services 
the 
(iii) the Management Agreement with the Investment Manager, 
connection with opening any bank or escrow account on behalf of 
subscription documents and other instruments necessary or 
Partnership's investment in the Underlying Fund, (vi) 
hold the assets of the Partnership, (vii) any documents 
EFTA01397695
--- PAGE 29 ---
sentence on 
behalf of the Partnership, but such authorization shall not be deemed a 
restriction on the 
power of the General 
the 
Partnership. 
(d) Notwithstanding 
consent of any 
Limited Partner or other 
hereby authorized 
to disclose nonpublic information of 
Fund and the 
Partnership's accountants, 
administer and 
enforce the Partnership and its 
otherwise may be 
required by applicable law, 
3.4.3 Outside Business. 
Nothing contained in this Agreement 
Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective Affiliates, 
employee of such Person, to engage 
in or possess an interest in or provide 
business ventures or Persons of any 
kind or description, independently or with 
the investments or business of 
the Partnership or the Underlying Fund, 
Persons which compete, directly 
or indirectly, with the Partnership 
in other activities for profit, 
and any of them may, in the future, 
investments, business ventures or 
Persons. Neither the Partnership nor the 
rights or interests in such other 
investments, business ventures or Persons 
therefrom by virtue of this 
Agreement or by reason of the acquisition of 
General Partner, the Investment 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
Partner to enter into any other documents on behalf of 
any other provision of this Agreement, without the 
Person being required, the General 
attorneys 
a Limited 
Partner is 
Partner to the Underlying 
and other service providers to effect, 
Partners' 
rule or 
rights and obligations, or as 
regulation. 
shall limit the rights of the General 
including any director, officer or 
advice to other investments, 
others, 
including 
similar or dissimilar to 
business ventures or 
or the Underlying Fund, or from engaging 
engage in or 
Limited 
provide advice to such 
Partners will have any 
or the income or profits derived 
Interests, and neither the 
L. P. 
EFTA01397696
--- PAGE 30 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Manager, nor any of their respective Affiliates shall have any obligation to 
disclose to the Partnership or 
the Limited Partners such investment activities. It is specifically 
acknowledged in this regard that the 
Investment Manager and its Affiliates perform similar administrative and 
management services for 
various clients. 
3.5 ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT VEHICLES. 
(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if the 
General Partner 
determines in good faith that for legal, tax, regulatory, accounting or 
other similar 
reasons, it is desirable that an investment be made utilizing an alternative 
investment 
structure, the General Partner shall be permitted to structure the making of 
all or any 
portion of such investment outside the Partnership, by requiring any Partner 
or Partners 
to, and such Partner or Partners shall, make such investment either directly 
or indirectly 
in, and become a limited partner, member, stockholder or other equity owner 
of, one or 
more partnerships, limited liability companies, corporations or other 
vehicles (other than 
the Partnership) (each, an "Alternative Investment Vehicle") (i) of which 
the General 
Partner, an Affiliate of the General Partner or one or more of their 
respective partners, 
members, managers, directors or officers shall serve as general partner, 
manager or in a 
similar capacity and (ii) which shall invest on a parallel basis with, or in 
lieu of, the 
Partnership, as the case may be Additionally, the General Partner shall be 
permitted to 
form more than one Alternative Investment Vehicle for the making of a single 
investment 
and may require that different Partners invest in different Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicles as the General Partner determines to be necessary or advisable for 
legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar reasons. 
(b) 
The Limited Partners and the General Partner (or its Affiliate), to the 
extent of their 
investment participation in an Alternative Investment Vehicle, may be 
required to make 
capital contributions directly to such Alternative Investment Vehicle to the 
same extent, 
for the same purposes and on substantially the same terms and conditions as 
EFTA01397697
--- PAGE 31 ---
Partners are 
required to make capital contributions to the Partnership, and such capital 
contributions 
shall reduce the unpaid Subscription of each Partner to the same extent that 
it would be 
reduced if made to the Partnership (i.e., capital contributions will be 
treated as if they 
were paid directly to the Partnership). The organizational documents of any 
such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle may be executed on behalf of Limited Partners 
investing 
therein by the General Partner pursuant to 14.7.1. 
(c) Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, 
the economic 
provisions of this Agreement and the partnership or similar agreement or 
instrument 
governing each such Alternative Investment Vehicle are intended to be, and 
hereby shall 
be, construed in all material respects and effected in such a manner as to 
cause each 
Limited Partner individually, and the General Partner and its affiliated 
entities that may 
be utilized to effectuate this 3.5 collectively, to receive the same 
aggregate allocations 
and distributions, at substantially the same times, from the Partnership and 
the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle as they would have been entitled to receive 
if (i) all 
capital contributions to the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made to, 
and all 
distributions from the Alternative Investment Vehicle were made by, the 
Partnership, 
(ii) all Alternative Investment Vehicle investments in the Underlying Fund 
and 
Alternative Investment Vehicle short-term investments were initially 
acquired by, and 
were at all times held by, the Partnership, and (iii) all Alternative 
Investment Vehicle 
expenses (including management fees incurred or paid by any Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicle) were incurred and paid solely by the Partnership; provided, 
however, that the 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397698
--- PAGE 32 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
allocations and distributions may differ as a result of taxes and other 
expenses paid or 
payable by the Alternative Investment Vehicle (or any entity included in 
such vehicle), 
and, to the extent practicable, such taxes and other expenses shall be borne 
by the 
Limited Partners for whose benefit the Alternative Investment Vehicle was 
established. 
Without limiting the foregoing, there shall be no duplication of management 
fees or other 
fees among the Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicles. In the 
event that a 
Limited Partner Transfers any portion of its interest hereunder in the 
absence of a 
corresponding Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest of such 
Limited Partner in 
each other Alternative Investment Vehicle in which it is a limited partner 
or similar 
investor, or if any limited partner or similar investor in any Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicle Transfers any portion of its interest in any such entity without a 
corresponding 
Transfer of a proportionately equivalent interest hereunder, such 
corresponding 
transferred and retained interest shall continue to be subject to the 
provisions of this 3.5, 
unless otherwise determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
Except as 
otherwise determined by the General Partner on or about the time of 
formation of the 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, any issue regarding the interpretation of 
how the 
Partnership and the Alternative Investment Vehicle interact shall be 
governed by the laws 
of the State of Delaware. 
(d) Any Limited Partner that defaults on its obligations to any Alternative 
Investment 
Vehicle in which it invests and becomes a "defaulting partner," "defaulting 
member" or 
similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument governing such 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicle (after giving effect to any applicable cure periods 
thereunder) shall 
also be a Defaulting Partner hereunder and any Limited Partner that becomes a 
Defaulting Partner of the Partnership shall also be a "defaulting partner," 
"defaulting 
member" or similar defaulting Person under an agreement or instrument 
governing such 
Alternative Investment Vehicle. 
EFTA01397699
--- PAGE 33 ---
(e) 
The economic terms of each Alternative Investment Vehicle shall be 
substantially the 
same in all material respects as those of the Partnership subject to any 
legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting or other similar considerations. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it 
is the intention of the Partners that each of the Partnership and each 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicle be treated as a separate entity (and not in partnership 
with one 
another) for United States federal and other income tax purposes. 
Accordingly, under no 
circumstances shall the Partnership or any Alternative Investment Vehicle: 
(i) guaranty or 
otherwise assume responsibility for the debts and obligations of the other; 
(ii) enter into 
any partnership, joint venture or similar arrangement with the other; or 
(iii) share 
investment profits or losses with the other (with the result that the 
amounts distributed to 
any Partner from any such entity shall reflect solely the contributions by 
and the 
allocations of profit and loss to such Partner with respect to such entity). 
(f) 
If the General Partner determines in good faith that for legal, tax, 
regulatory, accounting 
or other similar reasons, or to facilitate the acquisition or management of 
an underlying 
investment, it is desirable that an investment be made by the Partnership 
through one or 
more partnerships, corporations, trusts or other entities all or 
substantially all of the 
beneficial interests in which are held directly or indirectly by the 
Partnership (an 
"Investment Subsidiary"), the General Partner shall be authorized to 
establish such 
Investment Subsidiary and cause the Partnership to utilize it for purposes 
of making one 
or more investments. 
In connection with such use of an Investment Subsidiary, the 
General Partner shall also be authorized, but not required, to adjust in 
good faith the 
provisions of this Agreement relating to (i) the allocation of Net Gain, Net 
Loss, 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397700
--- PAGE 34 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partnership Expenses and other similar items and (ii) distributions, to 
minimize the tax 
and other costs associated with the use of the Investment Subsidiary and to 
cause such 
costs to be borne directly or indirectly by the Limited Partner(s) for whose 
benefit the 
Investment Subsidiary was established. 
3.6 
PARALLEL ACCESS FUNDS OR FEEDER FUNDS. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner may form one or more 
limited partnerships or other investment vehicles to invest in parallel with 
the Partnership (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or Feeder Funds in order to comply with 
securities laws or to address tax, 
legal, regulatory or other issues of investors in such entity (including 
with respect to the structure of the 
Underlying Fund). In the event that a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund is 
established, the General 
Partner may (i) require one or more Limited Partners to withdraw from the 
Partnership and to be admitted 
as a limited partner of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and transfer a 
proportionate share of the 
Partnership's assets and liabilities to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund, (ii) admit one or more 
limited partners of a Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and acquire a 
proportionate share of such 
Parallel Access Fund's or Feeder Fund's assets and liabilities to the 
Partnership and (iii) admit any Feeder 
Fund as a limited partner of the Partnership; provided that no Limited 
Partner shall be required to 
participate in any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund if such participation 
would result in material 
adverse consequences for such Limited Partner which would not have resulted 
from such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership. Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, 
the General Partner may apply 6.3 of this Agreement to the limited partners 
of a Feeder Fund on a lookthrough 
basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 4 - INVESTMENTS AND ACTIVITIES 
1 
INVESTMENT GUIDELINES 
Except as set forth in the following sentence, the Partnership shall only 
make investments in the 
Underlying Fund. In addition, at such time any funds of the Partnership are 
not invested in the 
Underlying Fund, distributed to the Partners or applied towards expenses of 
the Partnership, the 
EFTA01397701
--- PAGE 35 ---
Partnership may invest such funds in Temporary Investments. 
4.2 
BORROWINGS 
The Partnership may enter into a credit facility with a third party (a 
"Credit Facility"), which may be 
secured by the Subscriptions of the Limited Partners pursuant to 6.3.4. 
Repayment of the principal 
amount and any interest, fees and expenses payable in respect of any Credit 
Facility will be made from 
Subscriptions. 
4.3 ERISA COMPLIANCE. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value 
of each class of equity interests in the Partnership is held by "benefit 
plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, and 
therefore (b) the assets of 
the Partnership do not constitute plan assets subject to the fiduciary 
standards of Part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA. In the event that the General Partner were to be deemed a "fiduciary" 
of any ERISA Partner 
under Section 3(21) of ERISA, then, in addition to whatever action it may 
take or be required to take 
because it was such a fiduciary, the General Partner will use commercially 
reasonable efforts to avoid the 
occurrence of any prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397702
--- PAGE 36 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
The General Partner may, but shall not be obligated to, take such actions as 
it deems necessary and 
appropriate to mitigate, prevent or cure the adverse consequences of the 
assets of the Partnership 
constituting plan assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of 
Title I of ERISA. 
ARTICLE 5 - FEES AND EXPENSES 
5.1 ORGANIZATIONAL EXPENSES. 
The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner and its Affiliates for 
all Organizational Expenses 
incurred by any of them. 
2 
PARTNERSHIP EXPENSES AND MANAGEMENT FEE. 
5.2.1 Payment of Expenses. 
5.2.1.1 General. 
Subject to 5.2.1.2, the Partnership agrees to assume and pay all operating 
expenses attributable to the 
Partnership's activities (collectively, "Partnership Expenses") on the terms 
and conditions herein set forth. 
5.2.1.2 Investment Manager Expenses. 
The Investment Manager or its Affiliates shall bear only the following 
expenses: compensation of the 
employees of the Investment Manager or its Affiliates (as applicable); and 
the costs of providing clerical 
and related support services, office space and facilities, utilities and 
telephone. 
5.2.1.3 Partnership Expenses. 
Partnership Expenses borne by the Partnership shall include, without 
limitation: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Partnership; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Partnership; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Partnership's books and records and preparation of 
the Partnership's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of 
all governmental returns, reports and filings of the Partnership or General 
Partner; any costs or expenses 
in connection with the Partnership's admission to the Underlying Fund 
(including, the legal costs of 
completing subscription booklets and the Partnership's side letter, if any, 
with the Underlying Fund and 
EFTA01397703
--- PAGE 37 ---
any subsequent closing interest charged to the Partnership); extraordinary 
one-time expenses of the 
Partnership; all expenses relating to litigation and threatened litigation 
involving the Partnership, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar 
charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or sale of securities; expenses attributable to 
normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and 
recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees and expenses of the Administrator or 
Custodian related to the 
Partnership or the General Partner), custodial and registration services 
provided to the Partnership and 
any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each case 
services with respect to the 
proposed purchase or sale of securities by the Partnership that are not 
reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses 
incurred in connection with or otherwise relating to the preparation of form 
documentation in respect of 
Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397704
--- PAGE 38 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partners and facilitate the process for Limited Partners to sell all 
or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses 
related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of the Partnership in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Partnership (including the costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of 
hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise holding meetings or 
conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the Placement 
Agents; any expenses incurred 
in connection with any Credit Facility or regulatory obligation; and 
premiums for liability or other 
insurance to protect the Partnership, the General Partner, the Investment 
Manager and any of their 
respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, employees, 
agents or Affiliates in 
connection with the activities of the Partnership, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. 
Partnership Expenses also include any costs and expenses associated with the 
ongoing operations of any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and 
expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other thirdparty 
service providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges 
levied against such Alternative Investment Vehicles, including tax 
preparation expenses; expenses 
relating to any audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public 
relations undertaking and litigation, 
insurance, indemnification and extraordinary expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Partnership 
Expenses include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, 
all of the operating expenses of 
the General Partner. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, expenses of or relating 
to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the 
Partnership to the extent that they would 
be considered expenses of the Partnership pursuant to this 5.2.1.3 if they 
were incurred by the Partnership 
(and indirectly borne by the Limited Partners of the Feeder Fund through the 
Feeder Fund's interest as a 
Limited Partner of the Partnership); provided, however, that operating 
expenses that are uniquely related 
to a specific Feeder Fund shall be determined with respect to, and paid 
separately by, such Feeder Fund, 
in each case as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion. 
EFTA01397705
--- PAGE 39 ---
Subject to 5.2.1.5 the Partnership Expenses shall be borne pro rata by all 
Limited Partners (including the 
Offshore Access Fund and other Feeder Funds, if any). Any contributions by 
Limited Partners to the 
Partnership to fund their share of Partnership Expenses (other than required 
payments pursuant to 3.3.1 
and 11.1.8) shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's 
Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Partnership 
Expenses). The Partnership shall reimburse the General Partner or its 
Affiliates for any Partnership 
Expenses paid by them on behalf of the Partnership. 
5.2.1.4 Sharing of Partnership Expenses with Parallel Access Funds. 
The Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund shall share common fees and 
expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
entity in the Underlying Fund, to 
the extent practicable. If, upon subsequent closings of the Partnership and 
any Parallel Access Fund, 
there is a change in the ratios of the aggregate capital commitments made to 
each such fund to the 
aggregate capital commitments made to all such funds, then the General 
Partner may adjust the relative 
amounts paid by such funds in respect of expenses, to reflect as nearly as 
practicable the situation that 
would have existed if the respective aggregate capital commitments made to 
each fund had always been 
in the same relative proportions as those in effect after the change in the 
ratio of capital commitments. 
The General Partner is authorized to take such actions as it determines are 
reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in order to effect the intention of this 5.2.1.4 and the other 
provisions of this Agreement 
relating to Parallel Access Funds in connection with the operation of the 
Partnership and any Parallel 
Access Fund. 
5.2.1.5 Certain Expenses. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397706
--- PAGE 40 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
To the extent any tax information or return is required to be prepared by 
the General Partner or the 
Partnership because of the identity or jurisdiction of a Limited Partner or 
the failure of the Limited 
Partner to provide any information, the economic cost of all expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or 
the Partnership to carry out such responsibilities, or the costs of any 
other expenses incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership that are otherwise attributable to any 
specific Limited Partner, shall not 
be treated as operating expenses and instead shall be charged by the General 
Partner, in its discretion, to 
such Limited Partner. The General Partner may hold back or offset any cash 
distributions payable to such 
Limited Partner to satisfy the Limited Partner's obligation under this 
5.2.1.5. All amounts that the General 
Partner withholds or otherwise pays on behalf of such Limited Partner shall 
be treated as if such amounts 
were distributed to the Limited Partner pursuant to 7.1. 
5.2.2 Management Fee. 
5.2.2.1 Amount. 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment Manager or 
a designated Affiliate 
thereof shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the Limited 
Partner's "Management Fee"). 
The Partnership shall pay to the Investment Manager or a designated 
Affiliate thereof the aggregate 
amount of such Management Fees assessed with respect to the Limited 
Partners. Commencing upon the 
"Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund) and for each fiscal quarter thereafter through the first 
date on which the "investment 
period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee 
of a Limited Partner shall 
be an amount equal to the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to 
such Limited Partner 
multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. Commencing on the 
first date on which the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund has permanently expired, through 
the second anniversary of 
such date, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each fiscal quarter 
shall be an amount equal to 
the product of the Management Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner 
multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the 
Partnership's proportionate share of 
capital contributions in respect of all "Invested Capital" (as defined in 
the limited partnership agreement 
EFTA01397707
--- PAGE 41 ---
of the Underlying Fund) of the Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last 
day of the term of the 
Partnership, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in 
accordance with (C) below. The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner 
(A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 0.25% per 
quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals 
or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
(B) from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired 
until the second anniversary of such date is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% 
per quarter); provided that 
the Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals 
or exceeds $3,000,000 but 
is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); 
and (ii) a Limited Partner 
whose Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); 
and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a Limited Partner's Management Fee 
for the immediately 
preceding year or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such 
Limited Partner's Invested 
Capital. The Investment Manager shall receive the Management Fees in 
accordance with the terms of the 
Management Agreement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Management Fee amount contributed by each 
Limited Partner to the 
Partnership shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's 
Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund the Management Fee). 
Any (i) increase in the Management Fee resulting from an increase in the 
aggregate Subscription of a 
Partner or (ii) the Management Fee resulting from the admission of an 
additional Limited Partner, shall be 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397708
--- PAGE 42 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effective as of the Initial Closing Date, and, unless waived by the 
Investment Manager, shall include 
interest accrued at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 
2% and (B) 8% on unpaid 
Management Fee amounts due for the period between the Initial Drawdown Date 
and the date of such 
increase or admission, which interest component shall be in addition to, and 
not a part of, a Limited 
Partner's Subscription or reduce the unpaid portion of a Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The 
Management Fee payable for any period of less than a full fiscal quarter 
shall be proportionately adjusted 
based upon the ratio the number of days in such period bears to ninety (90). 
Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole discretion may elect to waive 
or otherwise reduce the 
Management Fee attributable to any Limited Partner at any time (including in 
connection with the transfer 
of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership), and no such waiver or 
reduction shall be applicable to 
any other Partner absent the approval of the Investment Manager. 
The applicable Management Fee for a limited partner in any Feeder Fund shall 
be calculated based on the 
limited partner's subscription to such Feeder Fund. 
5.2.2.2 Timing of Payments. 
Payments of Management Fees shall be calculated and made quarterly in 
advance on the first Business 
Day of each fiscal quarter of the Partnership. The first payment shall be 
due upon the Initial Drawdown 
Date or such later date as determined by the General Partner. If the Initial 
Drawdown Date is not the first 
day of a fiscal quarter of the Partnership however, the Partnership's first 
payment shall include the pro 
rata amount due until the beginning of the first succeeding fiscal quarter 
of the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 6- CAPITAL OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
6.1 OBLIGATION TO CONTRIBUTE. 
6.1.1 
In General. 
Each Partner shall make capital contributions to the Partnership, in 
accordance with and subject to the 
terms of this Agreement, in an aggregate amount equal to such Partner's 
Subscription plus any additional 
amounts pursuant to 3.3.1, 5.2.1.5, 11.1 8, and any unused contribution 
returned pursuant to 6.2.1. 
Except as provided in 6.3.2, the amount of capital required to be 
contributed by each Partner on the 
occasion of a drawdown shall be determined by the General Partner based on 
the ratio of such Partner's 
EFTA01397709
--- PAGE 43 ---
Percentage Interest to the aggregate Percentage Interests of all Partners; 
provided that, any contributions 
to fund unpaid Management Fees will be made by the Partners pro rata in 
accordance with their shares of 
such unpaid Management Fees. All capital contributions shall be made to the 
Partnership by wire transfer 
or other transfer of federal or other immediately available U.S. funds on 
the relevant due date to the 
account designated for such purpose. Subject to 6.3.2, each Partner shall be 
obligated to make payment in 
full of each required capital contribution together with any interest or 
other amounts due thereon, and no 
Partner shall make (nor shall the General Partner or the Partnership be 
obligated to accept) less than the 
full amount of any such required capital contribution. Unless otherwise 
approved by the General Partner, 
all Limited Partner capital contributions made pursuant to this Agreement 
must be made through or from 
a United States bank. 
6.1.2 
Initial Capital Contributions. 
Each Partner's initial capital contribution shall be due upon written notice 
from the General Partner on 
either the date such Partner is admitted to the Partnership or, if a later 
date, upon not less than seven (7) 
Business Days' prior written notice (the first date on which initial capital 
contributions are due to the 
Partnership is referred to herein as the "Initial Drawdown Date"). The 
General Partner may require each 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397710
--- PAGE 44 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Partnership on their 
Initial Drawdown Date equal to 
a portion of their Subscription. 
6.1.3 Additional Contributions; Deficiency Drawdowns. 
The General Partner is authorized to draw down additional capital 
contributions from time to time for any 
purposes contemplated under this Agreement generally upon not less than 
seven (7) Business Days' prior 
written notice, except in certain limited circumstances where the General 
Partner deems it prudent to 
require capital contributions to be made on shorter notice. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, if any Limited 
Partner has failed to make a capital contribution when due (including such 
Partner's initial capital 
contribution), the General Partner in its sole discretion may call for a 
deficiency drawdown of 
contributions from the other Partners to replace the unpaid contribution 
upon seven (7) Business Days' 
prior written notice (or such shorter amount of time as was required for the 
initial capital contributions 
that required the deficiency drawdown). For purposes of 6.3, the amount of a 
Limited Partner's 
contribution that is not paid when due shall be deemed to include such 
Limited Partner's ratable share, 
determined on a grossed-up basis, of any deficiency drawdown with respect to 
such Limited Partner's 
unpaid contribution. 
6.1.4 Procedure for Notice of Capital Calls; Rescission or Postponement. 
The General Partner shall send written notice of a call for capital 
contributions, or a rescission or 
postponement of such a call, to each Limited Partner by electronic mail. A 
notice calling for capital 
contributions may be rescinded or postponed by the General Partner by prompt 
written notice. 
6.1.5 Offsets Against Distributions; No Interest or Withdrawals. 
In connection with any call for capital contributions under this Agreement, 
the General Partner is 
authorized to apply cash that would otherwise be distributed to a Partner in 
satisfaction of such Partner's 
obligation to make a capital contribution pursuant to such call, to the 
extent thereof. The amount applied 
shall be deemed distributed to the Partner by the Partnership and then 
contributed by the Partner to the 
Partnership in satisfaction of such Partner's obligation to contribute 
capital hereunder and such Partner's 
Contribution shall be adjusted accordingly. No interest shall accrue on any 
Partner's Contribution. No 
Partner shall have the right to withdraw or to be repaid its Contribution 
except as specifically provided in 
EFTA01397711
--- PAGE 45 ---
this Agreement. 
6.1.6 General Partner's Authority to Reduce Subscriptions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may reduce the Subscriptions of 
all Partners on a pro rata basis. 
The General Partner shall give each Partner written notice of the reduction, 
which notice shall include the 
amount of such Partner's reduced Subscription. 
6.1.7 Subscription of the General Partner. 
The General Partner shall not have a Subscription. 
6.2 RETURN OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS SUBJECT TO SUBSEQUENT DRAWDOWN. 
6.2.1 Unused Contributions. 
The General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the Partnership to 
return to the Partners all or any 
portion of capital contributions that have not been (a) contributed to the 
Underlying Fund, (b) reserved for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397712
--- PAGE 46 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or applied to the payment or reimbursement of expenses or liabilities of the 
Partnership or (c) used for 
other purposes, together with any interest or other income or gains 
("Partner Interest") earned by the 
Partnership with such capital contributions prior to their return. Such 
contributions and Partner Interest 
shall be distributed to the Partners pro rata in proportion to the 
respective amounts of contributions made 
by them that are being returned and shall increase the Partners' unpaid 
Subscriptions. 
6.2.2 Return of Contributions upon Admission of Additional Partner. 
Immediately following the initial (or additional) capital contribution of an 
Additional Limited Partner, 
and provided that the Partnership does not make a corresponding increase in 
its capital contribution to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner shall return to each of the non-
contributing Partners, in proportion 
to their Contributions, a portion of their earlier capital contributions to 
the Partnership in an aggregate 
amount not in excess of the new contribution (less any Management Fee and 
interest due in accordance 
with 5.2.2.1, which shall be paid to the Investment Manager in accordance 
with (a)); provided that the 
General Partner may, in its sole discretion, reduce the amount of the 
contribution required to be made by 
the Additional Limited Partner pursuant to 3.3.1(b) so that, on a net basis 
after the return of contributions, 
all Partners will have contributed the same percentage of their 
Subscriptions. The General Partner, in its 
sole discretion, may also pay to the Partners as "guaranteed payments" (as 
defined in Section 707(c) of 
the Code), other than the Additional Limited Partner, in proportion to their 
Contributions, all or a portion 
of the interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the Partnership pursuant 
to 3.3.1. 
6.2.3 Effect of Return of Contributions. 
The General Partner shall make all appropriate adjustments, including to the 
amount of the Partners' 
respective Contributions, unpaid Subscriptions, distributions, Capital 
Accounts and any other items that 
are adjusted for capital drawdowns, so that the amounts of all such items 
are, to the maximum extent 
possible, the same as they would have been had the capital drawdown that 
gave rise to any contribution 
that is returned pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 never occurred and to otherwise 
give effect to the intended 
economic arrangement set forth in 3.3.1and 6.2.2. No such adjustments shall 
be made, however, to reflect 
any amounts paid or distributed to a Partner that are attributable to (a) 
EFTA01397713
--- PAGE 47 ---
Partner Interest or (b) the payment 
to such Partner of any interest-equivalent amounts contributed to the 
Partnership pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
A return of a Partner's capital contributions pursuant to 6.2.1 or 6.2.2 
shall reduce such Partner's Capital 
Account, but shall not otherwise be treated as a distribution for purposes 
of this Agreement, unless the 
context so requires. 
3 
FAILURE TO MAKE REQUIRED PAYMENT. 
6.3.1 Interest. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, upon any failure by a 
Limited Partner to pay a capital 
contribution in full when due or any other payment required pursuant to this 
Agreement, interest will 
accrue at the Default Rate on the outstanding unpaid balance of such capital 
contribution, from and 
including the date such capital contribution was due until the date of full 
payment of such capital 
contribution by such Partner (or a transferee), including any interest 
accrued. The "Default Rate" with 
respect to any period shall be a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) 
LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for 
such period. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may waive the 
requirement to pay interest, in 
whole or in part. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397714
--- PAGE 48 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.2 Default. 
(a) 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (including in 11.1.8 and 
14.7.11), if any 
Limited Partner fails to make a capital contribution when due, including in 
connection 
with recalls of distributions, or any other payment required pursuant to 
this Agreement 
(including (a) expenses incurred in respect of Transfers (b) expenses 
incurred by the 
General Partner or the Partnership to the extent that any tax information or 
return is 
required to be prepared by the General Partner or the Partnership because of 
the identity, 
jurisdiction or action of the Limited Partner (including the election not to 
receive 
Schedule K-1 electronically) and (c) any applicable interest charged in 
connection with a 
subsequent closing), then the General Partner may designate such Partner a 
"Defaulting 
Partner". The Partnership shall be entitled to enforce the obligations of 
each Partner to 
make the contributions to capital specified in this Agreement, and the 
Partnership shall 
have all remedies available at law or in equity in the event any such 
contribution is not so 
made. The remedies provided for in this 6.3.2 are in addition to and not in 
limitation of 
any other right or remedy of the Partnership provided by law or equity, this 
Agreement, 
or any other agreement entered into by or among any one or more of the 
Partners and/or 
the Partnership (including, without limitation, any subscription agreement 
relating to the 
Partnership). Each Limited Partner hereby agrees that the remedy at law for 
damages 
resulting from its default under this Agreement is inadequate because the 
funding of 
Partnership investments and other obligations requires the timely 
availability of required 
capital contributions. In addition, (a) any material breach of any of the 
representations 
and warranties made by a Limited Partner in the subscription agreement or 
(b) any failure 
by a Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or 
Investment Manager in connection with anti-money laundering or similar 
programs, shall 
be considered a default hereunder and the General Partner may designate any 
EFTA01397715
--- PAGE 49 ---
such 
breaching Partner as a "Defaulting Partner" The Partners agree that the 
damages suffered 
by the Partnership as the result of a default by a Defaulting Partner will 
be substantial and 
that such damages cannot be estimated with reasonable accuracy. Upon the 
occurrence of 
a default by a Limited Partner (or, in the case of a Feeder Fund, a default 
by such Feeder 
Fund's limited partners), the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
pursue one or 
more of the following actions, as applicable: 
(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
The institution of an action for specific performance of the Defaulting 
Partner's 
obligation to contribute the capital contribution(s) in question; 
Prohibit the Defaulting Partner from participating in any future capital 
calls; 
Determine that no additional capital contribution shall be accepted from the 
Defaulting Partner; 
Cause the compulsory redemption without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest; the redeemed Interest 
may 
be distributed to non-defaulting Limited Partners either (A) in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions or (B) on any other equitable basis as the 
General Partner determines. Non-defaulting Limited Partners who accept a 
distribution of all or a portion of such Defaulting Partner's Interest may, 
at the 
option of the General Partner, be obligated to fund any capital calls in 
connection therewith; 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397716
--- PAGE 50 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(5) 
Cause the compulsory Transfer without compensation of up to one hundred 
percent (100%) of the Defaulting Partner's Interest and its unpaid 
Subscription 
to any third party on such terms and conditions as the Investment Manager 
and/or General Partner deem appropriate; 
(6) 
(7) 
(8) 
(9) 
Cause the Defaulting Partner not to share in any income or gain realized by 
the 
Partnership while continuing to be responsible for its Percentage Interest of 
losses and Partnership Expenses; 
Reduce the unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner to zero or such 
other 
amount as the General Partner may determine in its sole discretion; 
Force the Defaulting Partner to sell its interest in the Partnership, with 
the full 
assumption by the buyer of the Defaulting Partner's Subscription, including 
any portion then due and unpaid; 
Accept a late contribution from the Defaulting Partner, with interest (unless 
such interest is otherwise waived by the General Partner), in satisfaction 
of its 
then outstanding obligation to contribute hereunder, provided that such 
Limited Partner shall remain a Defaulting Partner until the next full 
calendar 
quarter following such contribution and applicable interest; 
(10) 
Cause the entire unpaid Subscription of the Defaulting Partner and any 
amounts required to be contributed to the Partnership by such Defaulting 
Partner related to reimbursement of Partnership Expenses or any current or 
future Management Fees to be assessed to such Limited Partner to become 
immediately due and payable; 
(11) 
(12) 
Cause any distributions which would otherwise be made to the Defaulting 
Partner to be applied against any amounts due and payable from the Defaulting 
Partner; 
Accept from a Defaulting Partner an abandonment of such Defaulting Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, including without limitation, such Partner's 
Contribution, Capital Account and Subscription; 
(13) Withhold any distributions that otherwise would be made to a Defaulting 
Partner until such time as the Partnership makes its final liquidating 
distribution, or until such earlier time as the General Partner may 
determine. 
Any distributions so withheld, or the proceeds thereof, may be used by the 
Partnership for any purpose; 
(14) 
EFTA01397717
--- PAGE 51 ---
Pursue and enforce all of the Partnership's other rights and remedies against 
the Defaulting Partner under this Agreement, the relevant subscription 
agreement and Delaware law, including but not limited to the commencement 
of a lawsuit to collect the unpaid capital contribution, interest and costs, 
and 
reimbursement (with interest at the Default Rate) of any other damages 
suffered by the Partnership; 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397718
--- PAGE 52 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(15) 
(16) 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, limit or eliminate 
such 
Defaulting Partner's ability to vote, consent or withhold consent with 
respect to 
any Partnership matter; 
Except to the extent not permitted by the Delaware Act, elect to terminate 
the 
interest of such Defaulting Partner, whereupon such Defaulting Partner shall 
cease to be a Limited Partner, and shall have no further interest in the 
Partnership, including any right to receive distributions of cash or 
property, or 
to vote on any matter (if the General Partner elects to exercise its rights 
under 
this clause (a), the interest of such Defaulting Partner shall be reallocated 
among all non-Defaulting Partners, pro rata based on their respective 
Subscriptions); and 
(17) 
(b) 
To the extent that such Defaulting Partner's Interests are treated on a 
lookthrough 
basis by the Underlying Fund, such Defaulting Partner may also be 
subject to the remedies prescribed by the Underlying Fund. 
In addition to and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, the 
General Partner (or its assigns) may, in its sole discretion, exercise any 
remedy in respect 
of the Defaulting Partner and/or the interest of the Defaulting Partner that 
could have 
been exercised by the General Partner if the provisions of the limited 
partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund were contained herein in their entirety, 
mutatis 
mutandis. In addition, in the event that a Limited Partner's default results 
in or 
contributes to a default by the Partnership under the limited partnership 
agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner may take any such actions in accordance 
with 
6.3.3. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the remedies set forth above 
shall be 
cumulative, and the use by the General Partner of one or more of them 
against a 
Defaulting Partner shall not preclude the use of any other such remedy. Each 
Limited 
Partner agrees to pay on demand all costs and expenses (including reasonable 
attorneys' 
fees) incurred by or on behalf of the Partnership in connection with the 
EFTA01397719
--- PAGE 53 ---
enforcement of 
this Agreement against such Limited Partner as a result of a default by such 
Limited 
Partner. 
(c) Upon an event of default by a Partner, if the General Partner elects to 
exercise its powers, 
duties or discretions with respect to such Partner under this 6.3.2, any 
income, profit or 
gain that otherwise would have been allocated to the Capital Account of such 
Defaulting 
Partner may be allocated to the Capital Accounts of all the other Partners 
(other than any 
other Defaulting Partner) pro rata in accordance with their respective 
Percentage 
Interests (calculated without giving effect to the Percentage Interest of 
any Defaulting 
Partner). 
(a) 
The application of the penalty provisions in this 6.3.2 shall not relieve 
any Defaulting 
Partner of its obligation to make all payments of its capital contributions 
when due. No 
course of dealing between the General Partner and any Defaulting Partner and 
no delay in 
exercising any right, power or remedy conferred in this 6.3.2 or existing at 
law or in 
equity or by statute or otherwise will operate as a waiver or otherwise 
prejudice any such 
right, power or remedy. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397720
--- PAGE 54 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
6.3.3 Bifurcated Default. 
If the Partnership fails to contribute all or any portion of any capital 
call amount set forth in a funding 
notice received from the Underlying Fund as and when due (an "Access Fund 
Default"), and such failure 
results from the failure of one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited 
Partner, a "Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital call issued 
by the Partnership (regardless 
of whether or not such Defaulting Access Fund Investor is also a "Defaulting 
Partner" for purposes of this 
Agreement), then the general partner of the Underlying Fund has 
contractually agreed with the General 
Partner to only treat the Partnership as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined 
in the limited partnership 
agreement of the Underlying Fund (an "Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner")) 
with respect to the portion 
of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund that has defaulted 
(e.g., if an Access Fund Default 
occurs whereby the Partnership only funds 95% of the capital call amount set 
forth in a funding notice for 
the Underlying Fund as a result of a default in a corresponding amount by 
one or more Defaulting Access 
Fund Investors, then 5% of the Partnership's interest in the Underlying Fund 
will be treated as a 
Underlying Fund Defaulting Partner. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the general 
partner of the Underlying Fund so requests upon any Access Fund Default, the 
General Partner shall 
cause the Partnership to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the General 
Partner will delegate to the 
Underlying Fund, the authority to exercise directly for the direct benefit 
of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in this Agreement against a Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor as if they were 
a Defaulting Partner (regardless of whether or not they have been deemed a 
"Defaulting Partner" pursuant 
to this Agreement), and the Partnership and the General Partner will provide 
such assistance as is 
reasonably requested by the general partner of the Underlying Fund in 
connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of this Agreement, 
in order to equitably determine 
the rights and obligations of any Limited Partner with respect to the 
Underlying Fund, the General Partner 
may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund with a capital 
commitment equal to such Limited Partner's Subscription to the Partnership, 
EFTA01397721
--- PAGE 55 ---
and if any Limited Partner 
defaults on its commitment to the Partnership (thereby becoming a Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor), any 
default penalties imposed by the general partner of the Underlying Fund may 
be allocated solely by the 
General Partner to the applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the 
maximum extent possible. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General 
Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the default provisions under 6.3 to each investor in any 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund on a look-through basis as if such investor was a direct limited 
partner of the Partnership instead of 
applying such provisions directly to such Parallel Access Fund or Feeder 
Fund. 
6.3.4 Assignment of Partner Contributions. 
The General Partner is hereby specifically authorized to assign to a third 
party as security for 
indebtedness or other obligations of the Partnership (i) all or a portion of 
the aggregate unpaid 
Subscriptions of the Limited Partners and (ii) all of the Partnership's and 
the General Partner's rights 
relating to the unpaid Subscriptions, including without limitation, the 
right to deliver notices, to receive 
payment of Subscriptions, to exercise all rights of the Partnership with 
respect to unpaid Subscriptions 
and to enforce all remedies against Limited Partners that fail to fund their 
respective unpaid Subscriptions 
pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; provided 
that the liability of the Limited 
Partners to make contributions shall not be increased thereby. Each Limited 
Partner hereby agrees to 
execute and deliver any documentation reasonably requested to facilitate any 
such assignment, including 
an agreement to be bound by such assignment. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397722
--- PAGE 56 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
As security for the payment and performance of its obligations under this 
Agreement (including its 
obligation to make capital contributions), each Limited Partner hereby 
assigns to the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns (including any Person to which the Partnership may 
assign such obligations as 
collateral for any borrowings), as a continuing security by way of first 
fixed charge, all of such Limited 
Partner's right, title, benefit and interest in and to such Limited 
Partner's interest in the Partnership. 
If a 
default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Partnership and the 
Partnership's assigns may exercise 
all the rights of a secured party under applicable law, including the power 
to sell or otherwise dispose of, 
for any consideration as the Partnership and the Partnership's assigns shall 
think fit, the whole or any part 
of such Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership. Upon request of the 
Partnership, and to the extent 
permitted under applicable law, each Limited Partner shall give, execute, 
file and record any notice, 
financing statement, continuation statement or other instrument, document or 
agreement that the 
Partnership or the Partnership's assigns may consider necessary or desirable 
to create, perfect, continue or 
validate the security interest granted hereby, or which the Partnership or 
the Partnership's assigns may 
consider necessary or desirable to exercise or enforce its rights hereunder 
with respect to such security 
interest. 
ARTICLE 7 - DISTRIBUTIONS 
7.1 AMOUNT, TIMING AND FORM. 
7.1.1 General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the General Partner shall 
determine the amount, timing 
and form (whether in cash or in kind) of all distributions made by the 
Partnership. 
7.1.2 Distribution of Proceeds of Investments. 
The Partnership shall distribute, in the manner described in this Article 7 
or Article 10, as the case may 
be, all cash proceeds of its investments as promptly as practicable. 
Notwithstanding the preceding 
sentence, the General Partner in its sole discretion may cause the 
Partnership to retain proceeds of 
investments for any amounts necessary to create, in the General Partner's 
sole discretion, reserves for the 
payment of Partnership Expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital 
contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under this Agreement. 
EFTA01397723
--- PAGE 57 ---
7.2 DISCRETIONARY DISTRIBUTIONS. 
7.2.1 General. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all distributions shall be 
made to and among the Partners 
pro rata in accordance with their Percentage Interests. 
The General Partner shall as necessary and in good faith adjust the amounts 
distributable to one or more 
Partners pursuant to this 7.2.1 to take into account (i) reserves 
established to pay Management Fees in 
future periods that are ultimately released or used to pay other Partnership 
Expenses, and (ii) other events 
or circumstances that would impact the amounts distributed to a Partner, 
provided that, any such 
adjustment shall, to the maximum extent possible, be intended to result in 
the Partners bearing the 
economic costs of the respective Management Fee attributed to them pursuant 
to 5.2.2.1 but otherwise 
sharing in the economic performance of the Partnership in proportion to 
their respective Subscriptions. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397724
--- PAGE 58 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
7.2.2 Operational Rules. 
For purposes of 7.2.1 and this 7.2.2: 
(a) 
If distributions to which a Defaulting Partner otherwise would have been 
entitled have 
been withheld pursuant to 6.3.2, the amounts so withheld shall be treated as 
having been 
distributed to such Partner and any subsequent distributions of such amounts 
to the 
Defaulting Partner shall be disregarded; 
(b) Amounts treated as distributed to a Partner pursuant to 7.4 and the 
amounts of any 
reductions in the amounts otherwise distributable to a Partner pursuant to 
11.1.8 shall be 
taken into account as if such amounts had been distributed to such Partner 
pursuant to 
7.2.1; 
(c) Distributions made to any Partner's predecessors in interest shall be 
treated as having 
been made to such Partner; 
(d) 
(e) 
7.3 
The amount of any distribution of securities in kind shall be equal to the 
fair market value 
of such securities at the time of distribution; and 
If there are Defaulting Partners, distributions shall be modified to the 
extent required by 
Article 6; and references in this Article 7 to "Partners" and to "Limited 
Partner" shall be 
modified accordingly. 
SPECIAL DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Distributions of available cash corresponding to amounts of Partnership net 
income and gains that have 
been specially allocated to Partners pursuant to 8.3 shall be made, at such 
time or times as the General 
Partner in its discretion shall determine, to the Partners to whom such net 
income and gains have been 
allocated. No distribution made to a Partner pursuant to this 7.3 shall be 
taken into account in 
determining the amount previously distributed to (or to be distributed to) 
such Partner pursuant to the 
other provisions of this Article 7. 
7.4 
PAYMENT OF TAXES. 
7.4.1 General. 
If the Partnership incurs an obligation to pay (directly or indirectly) any 
amount in respect of taxes with 
respect to amounts allocated or distributed to one or more Partners 
EFTA01397725
--- PAGE 59 ---
(including as a result of an audit or 
other tax proceeding), including but not limited to withholding taxes 
imposed on any Partner's or former 
Partner's share of the Partnership gross or net income and gains (or items 
thereof), income taxes, as well 
as any taxes imposed on the Partnership under Section 1446(f) of the Code 
(or any similar taxes imposed 
by any state, local or non-U.S. taxing authority) as a result of a Transfer 
with respect to which the Limited 
Partner was a party, any interest, penalties or additions to tax and any tax 
or other liability described in 
14.6.2 (in each case, "Tax Liability"), or if the amount of a payment or 
distribution of cash or other 
property to the Partnership is reduced as a result of withholding or 
imposition of taxes, penalties and 
interest by other parties in satisfaction of any such Tax Liability: 
(a) All payments by the Partnership in satisfaction of such Tax Liability 
and all reductions in 
the amount of a payment or distribution that the Partnership otherwise would 
have 
received shall be treated, pursuant to this 7.4, as distributed to those 
Partners or former 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397726
--- PAGE 60 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partners to which the related Tax Liability is attributable (and therefore 
shall reduce 
distributions under this Agreement to which such Partners otherwise would 
have been 
entitled), as determined by the General Partner in its reasonable 
discretion; and 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the 
Partnership and 
any other Indemnitee for its share of any Tax Liability and for all claims, 
liabilities and 
expenses of whatever nature relating to the Partnership's or the 
Indemnitee's obligation 
to withhold and to pay over, or otherwise to pay, any withholding or other 
taxes payable 
by the Partnership or any of its Affiliates with respect to such Limited 
Partner or as a 
result of such Limited Partner's participation in the Partnership or as 
otherwise 
attributable to such Limited Partner or such Limited Partner's Interest. 
7.4.2 Tax Liability. 
The General Partner, after consulting with the Partnership's accountants or 
other advisers, shall determine 
the amount, if any, of any Tax Liability attributable to any Partner. For 
this purpose, the General Partner 
shall be entitled to treat any Partner as ineligible for an exemption from 
or reduction in rate of such Tax 
Liability under a tax treaty or otherwise except to the extent that such 
Partner provides the General 
Partner with such written evidence as the General Partner or the relevant 
tax authorities may require to 
establish such Partner's entitlement to such exemption or reduction and may 
treat a Tax Liability as 
attributable to a Partner to the extent the Tax Liability is due to the 
Partner failing to provide such 
information or certifications regarding the Partner or its beneficial owners 
as the General Partner may 
reasonably request or as the relevant tax authorities may require. 
7.4.3 Partnership Obligation. 
For purposes of this 7.4, any obligation to pay any amount in respect of any 
Tax Liability incurred by the 
General Partner with respect to income of or distributions made to any other 
Partner or former Partner 
shall constitute a Partnership obligation. 
7.5 CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS PROHIBITED. 
Anything in this Article 7 to the contrary notwithstanding, no distribution 
shall be made to any Partner if, 
and to the extent that, such distribution would not be permitted under 
Sections 17-607(a) or 17-804(c) of 
EFTA01397727
--- PAGE 61 ---
the Delaware Act. 
ARTICLE 8 - CAPITAL ACCOUNTS; ALLOCATIONS 
8.1 CAPITAL ACCOUNTS. 
8.1.1 Creation and Maintenance. 
There shall be established on the books of the Partnership a capital account 
for each Partner (such 
Partner's "Capital Account") that shall be: 
(a) 
Increased by (1) any capital contributions made to the Partnership by such 
Partner 
pursuant to this Agreement and (2) any amounts in the nature of income or 
gain allocated 
to such Partner pursuant to this Article 8 or Appendix II; 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397728
--- PAGE 62 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(b) 
Decreased by (1) any distributions made to such Partner and (2) any amounts 
in the 
nature of loss or expense allocated to such Partner pursuant to this Article 
or 
Appendix II; and 
(c) Otherwise adjusted in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement 
including, but 
not limited to, 6.3.2(a)(5). 
8.1.2 Timing of Allocations. 
Allocations of Net Gain, Net Loss, and any other items of income, gain, loss 
and deduction pursuant to 
this Article 8 and Appendix II shall be made for each fiscal year of the 
Partnership as of the end of such 
fiscal year; provided, however, that if the Carrying Value of the assets of 
the Partnership are adjusted in 
accordance with clause (ii) of the definition of "Carrying Value," the date 
of such adjustment shall be 
considered to be the end of a fiscal year for purposes of computing and 
allocating such Net Gain, Net 
Loss, and other items of income, gain, loss and deduction. 
8.1.3 Compliance with Treasury Regulations. 
The provisions of this 8.1, including the provisions relating to the 
maintenance of Capital Accounts, are 
intended to comply with Section 704(b) of the Code and Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.704-1(b), and 
shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such 
regulations. 
8.2 ALLOCATIONS OF NET GAIN OR LOSS. 
8.2.1 Net Gain and Net Loss, Generally. 
Except as explicitly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, the items of 
income, gain, loss or deduction of 
the Partnership comprising Net Gain or Net Loss for a fiscal year shall be 
allocated by the General Partner 
among the Partners in a manner such that the Capital Account of each 
Partner, immediately after making 
such allocation, is, as nearly as possible, equal (proportionately) to: 
(a) 
the distributions that would be made to such Partner pursuant to 7.2.1 (as 
adjusted by the 
other provisions of Article 7) if (x) the Partnership were dissolved, its 
affairs wound up 
and its assets sold for cash equal to their Carrying Values, (y) all 
Partnership liabilities 
were satisfied (limited in the case of each Nonrecourse Liability to the 
Carrying Value of 
the assets securing such liability) and (z) the net assets of the 
Partnership were distributed 
in accordance with 7.2.1 (as adjusted by the other provision of Article 7) 
EFTA01397729
--- PAGE 63 ---
to the Partners 
immediately after making such allocations, minus 
(b) 
such Partner's share of Partnership Minimum Gain and Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
Minimum Gain, computed immediately prior to the hypothetical sale of the 
assets. 
All allocations may be adjusted in the sole discretion of the General 
Partner to take into account any 
charges or adjustments to be made to a Partner's Capital Account under this 
Agreement, including but not 
limited to, expenses specially charged to a Partner or a Partner's Capital 
Account and for Defaulting 
Partners. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397730
--- PAGE 64 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
8.2.2 Special Allocations of Items of Loss or Deduction. 
(a) 
(b) 
(c) 
Items of loss or expense shall be allocated to each Additional Limited 
Partner to offset 
such Partner's contribution of an interest-equivalent amount to the extent 
required by 
3.3.1(a)(4). 
The Transfer Expenses, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to the 
transferor or 
the transferee of the Partnership interest involved to the extent such party 
bears the 
economic cost of such expenses pursuant to 11.1.8. 
The amount of any deduction attributable to the Management Fee payable with 
respect to 
a particular Partner pursuant to 5.2.2.1 for a period shall be specially 
allocated to such 
Partner for such period. 
8.2.3 Allocations Following a Default. 
Following the failure of a Limited Partner to make a contribution when due, 
allocations otherwise 
prescribed by this 8.2 shall be modified as set forth in 6.3.2, as the case 
may be. 
8.3 OTHER SPECIALLY ALLOCATED ITEMS. 
After giving effect to the special allocations set forth in Appendix II, the 
following items of the 
Partnership shall be specially allocated in the manner set forth below. 
(a) 
The Partner Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated to those 
Partners who 
made capital contributions that were used to acquire the Temporary 
Investments giving 
rise to such Partner Interest, in proportion to the relative amounts of 
their capital 
contributions that were so used. 
(b) 
The Delayed Payment Interest, if any, of the Partnership shall be allocated 
to all Partners 
other than the Partner liable to pay such interest in proportion to their 
respective 
Contributions. 
8.4 ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL PARTNERS. 
If any Person is admitted to the Partnership (or the Subscription of any 
existing Partner is increased) after 
the Initial Closing Date but on or before the Final Closing Date, subject to 
3.3.1and 6.2.2, the General 
Partner shall adjust subsequent allocations of Partnership income, gain, 
loss and expense otherwise 
EFTA01397731
--- PAGE 65 ---
provided for in this Article 8 and Appendix II as necessary so that, after 
such adjustments have been made 
each Partner (other than a Defaulting Partner) shall have a Capital Account 
balance equal to the balance 
such Partner would have had if (a) it had been admitted to the Partnership 
on the Initial Closing Date with 
a Subscription equal to its Subscription immediately following such 
admission or increase, and (b) it had 
made all capital contributions in respect of such Subscription when 
originally due; provided, however, 
that the allocations otherwise required by this 8.4 shall be limited to 
those permitted by Section 706 of the 
Code 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397732
--- PAGE 66 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 9 - DURATION OF THE PARTNERSHIP 
1 
TERM OF PARTNERSHIP. 
The term of the Partnership shall continue until the first anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying 
Fund (and accordingly, shall extend automatically upon any extension 
thereof), unless its term is extended 
as provided in this 9.1, or unless it is sooner dissolved as provided in 9.2 
or 9.3 or by operation of law. 
The term of the Partnership may be extended by the General Partner in its 
sole discretion. The General 
Partner shall notify the Limited Partners promptly of any extension. 
9.2 DISSOLUTION UPON WITHDRAWAL OF GENERAL PARTNER. 
(a) 
The Partnership shall be dissolved if there shall occur with respect to the 
General Partner 
any of the events of withdrawal described in Sections 17-402(a)(2) through 
17-402(a)(11) 
of the Delaware Act, unless a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners 
elect to 
continue the Partnership and elect a replacement General Partner within 
ninety (90) days 
of the General Partner's withdrawal. 
(b) 
If the General Partner suffers an event that, with the passage of the period 
specified in the 
Delaware Act, becomes an event of withdrawal under Section 17-402(a)(4) or 
(5) of the 
Delaware Act, the General Partner shall notify each Limited Partner of the 
occurrence of 
such event within 30 days after the occurrence of such event (or within the 
maximum 
time then permitted under the Delaware Act). 
(c) 
The Partnership shall not be dissolved in the event of the dissolution, 
death, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, incompetence, disability, substitution or admission of any 
Limited Partner, or 
any other similar event involving the existence, status or organization of a 
Limited 
Partner. 
9.3 DISSOLUTION BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
The General Partner may dissolve the Partnership and any of the Alternative 
Investment Vehicles at any 
time on not less than 30 days' prior written notice to the Limited Partners. 
ARTICLE 10 - LIQUIDATION OF ASSETS ON DISSOLUTION 
10.1 GENERAL. 
Following dissolution, the Partnership's assets shall be liquidated in an 
orderly manner. The General 
EFTA01397733
--- PAGE 67 ---
Partner shall be the liquidator to wind up the affairs of the Partnership 
pursuant to this Agreement; 
provided, however, that if there shall be no remaining General Partner at 
that time, a majority-in-interest 
of the Limited Partners may designate one or more other Persons to act as 
the liquidator (or liquidators) 
instead of the General Partner. Any such liquidator, other than the General 
Partner, shall be a "liquidating 
trustee" within the meaning of Section 17-101(10) of the Delaware Act. 
10.2 LIQUIDATING DISTRIBUTIONS. 
The liquidator shall pay or provide for the satisfaction of the 
Partnership's liabilities and obligations to 
creditors. In performing its duties, the liquidator is authorized to sell, 
exchange or otherwise dispose of 
the assets of the Partnership in such reasonable manner as the liquidator 
shall determine. All items of 
income, gain, loss and expense shall be allocated among the Partners in 
accordance with Article 8 and 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397734
--- PAGE 68 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Appendix II, and the remaining assets of the Partnership shall then be 
distributed to the Partners in cash 
(to the extent feasible) or in kind, in the sole discretion of the 
liquidator, in proportion to the positive 
balances in their respective Capital Accounts, after such Capital Accounts 
have been adjusted to reflect 
any Net Gain or Net Loss attributable to a distribution in kind. During the 
liquidation of the Partnership, 
the liquidator shall furnish to the Partners the financial statements and 
other information specified in 14.2, 
subject to 14.7.8. 
10.3 EXPENSES OF LIQUIDATOR. 
The expenses incurred by the liquidator in connection with winding up the 
Partnership and reasonable 
compensation for the services of the liquidator (if any) shall be borne by 
the Partnership. If the General 
Partner serves as the liquidator, it shall not be entitled to additional 
compensation for providing services 
in such capacity as long as it or an Affiliate continues to be entitled to 
payments of the Management Fees. 
10.4 DURATION OF LIQUIDATION. 
A reasonable time shall be allowed for the winding up of the affairs of the 
Partnership in order to 
minimize any losses that might otherwise result. The liquidator shall use 
commercially reasonable efforts 
to carry out the liquidation in conformity with the timing requirements of 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g), but will not be bound to do so or liable to 
any Partner for failure to do so. 
10.5 LIABILITY FOR RETURNS. 
10.5.1 General. 
The liquidator, the General Partner and their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, 
directors, managers, employees, agents and Affiliates shall not be 
personally liable for the return of the 
capital contributions of any Partner. 
10.5.2 Limited Partner Obligations. 
No Limited Partner shall be obligated to restore to the Partnership any 
amount with respect to a negative 
Capital Account; provided, however, that this provision shall not affect the 
obligations of Partners to 
make their agreed-upon capital contributions and any other payments to the 
Partnership that are required 
under this Agreement or applicable law, including without limitation 
pursuant to 12.4. 
ARTICLE 11 - LIMITATIONS ON TRANSFERS AND WITHDRAWALS 
11.1 TRANSFERS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS. 
11.1.1 General. 
No assignment, pledge, mortgage, hypothecation, sale or other disposal of or 
EFTA01397735
--- PAGE 69 ---
encumbrance (each such act, 
a "Transfer") of a Limited Partner's interest in the Partnership, in whole 
or in part, shall be made other 
than pursuant to this 11.1. Any attempted Transfer of all or any part of a 
Limited Partner's interest in the 
Partnership without compliance with this Agreement shall be void. Each 
Transfer (a) shall be subject to 
all of the terms, conditions, restrictions and obligations set forth in this 
Agreement and (b) shall be 
evidenced by a written agreement executed by the transferor, the 
transferee(s) and the General Partner, in 
form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, and be effective as 
of the first day or last day of a 
fiscal quarter (unless otherwise agreed to by the General Partner). 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397736
--- PAGE 70 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.2 Consent of General Partner. 
The prior written consent of the General Partner, which may be granted or 
withheld in its sole discretion, 
shall be required for any Transfer of all or part of any Limited Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, 
including a Transfer of solely an economic or synthetic interest in the 
Partnership. In determining 
whether to grant its consent to a Transfer, the General Partner shall take 
into account whether such 
Transfer would result in the "termination" of the Partnership pursuant to 
Section 708 of the Code and, if 
so, whether such termination would result in material adverse income tax 
consequences or material 
additional expense to the Partnership or any Partner. 
11.1.3 No Public Trading in Partnership Interests. 
The General Partner shall not cause or permit any offering of interests in 
the Partnership to be registered 
under the Securities Act or to become "traded on an established securities 
market or the substantial 
equivalent thereof," and shall withhold its consent to any Transfer that, to 
the General Partner's 
knowledge after reasonable inquiry, otherwise would be accomplished by a 
trade on a "secondary market 
or the substantial equivalent thereof," in each case within the meaning of 
Sections 7704 or 469(k) of the 
Code and the applicable Treasury Regulations. 
11.1.4 No Recognition of Certain Transfers. 
No Transfer of any "partnership interest" (as defined in Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.7704-1(a)(2)) in 
the Partnership or portion thereof or derivative interest therein shall be 
permitted or "recognized" (within 
the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(d)) by the Partnership 
or the General Partner unless 
either (a) the General Partner determines that either such Transfer or the 
Partnership (immediately after 
such Transfer) will qualify for a safe harbor set forth in the Treasury 
Regulations under Section 7704 or 
(b) the General Partner otherwise determines, after consulting with the 
Partnership's tax advisors, that 
such Transfer will not cause the Partnership to be treated as a publicly 
traded partnership under 
Section 7704(b) of the Code. 
11.1.5 Required Representations by Parties. 
(a) 
(1) 
The transferor and each transferee shall provide to the General Partner, in 
connection 
with any proposed Transfer, written representations to the effect that: 
The proposed Transfer will not be effected on or through (A) a United States 
EFTA01397737
--- PAGE 71 ---
national, regional or local securities exchange, (B) a foreign securities 
exchange or (C) an interdealer quotation system that regularly disseminates 
firm buy or sell quotations by identified brokers or dealers; and 
(2) 
Such Person is not, and its proposed Transfer or acquisition (as the case may 
be) will not be made by, through or on behalf of (A) a Person, such as a 
broker 
or a dealer, making a market in interests in the Partnership, or (B) a Person 
who makes available to the public bid or offer quotes with respect to 
interests 
in the Partnership. 
(b) 
(c) 
The transferor and 
representations as 
the General Partner 
required by 14.6.4. 
The General Partner 
rely upon any 
representations made by the transferor and transferee(s), whether pursuant 
to 11.1.5(a) or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
transferee(s) shall provide such additional written 
reasonably may request, including representations 
and counsel to the Partnership shall be permitted to 
EFTA01397738
--- PAGE 72 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.1.5(b) or otherwise, and on written representations from other Partners 
made prior to 
or contemporaneously with such proposed Transfer. The General Partner, in 
its sole 
discretion, may waive its right to obtain any representations otherwise 
required by 
11.1.5(a) or 11.1.5(b). 
(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each 
transferring Limited 
Partner and transferee shall provide such forms, documentation, proof of 
payment or 
other certifications as reasonably required by the General Partner to 
determine that the 
transferring Limited Partner and the transferee have complied with Section 
1446(f) of the 
Code (ignoring for this purpose Section 1446(f)(4) of the Code), and any 
similar 
provision of state, local or non-U.S. law. Each of the transferring Limited 
Partner and the 
transferee shall be jointly and severally liable and shall pay and/or 
reimburse and hold 
harmless the Partnership and the General Partner for any taxes imposed under 
Section 
1446(f) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. 
law) as a result of 
any Transfer with respect to which such Limited Partner or transferee was a 
party, 
together with any related costs and expenses. The obligations under this 
provision shall 
survive the transfer or termination of an interest in the Partnership, as 
well as the 
termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Partnership. 
11.1.6 Other Prohibited Legal Consequences. 
No Transfer shall be permitted, and the General Partner shall withhold its 
consent with respect thereto, if 
it determines in good faith that such Transfer would: 
(a) 
Result in the Partnership's assets becoming "plan assets" within the meaning 
of ERISA, 
the Plan Assets Regulation or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(b) 
(c) 
Result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or the Code; 
Result in close to 25% or more of the aggregate interests in the Partnership 
or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle (excluding interests held by any person or 
entity (or an 
Affiliate of any person or entity) that has discretionary authority or 
control with respect to 
EFTA01397739
--- PAGE 73 ---
the assets of the Partnership (other than a "benefit plan investor")) being 
held by "benefit 
plan investors"; 
(d) 
(e) 
(f) 
(g) 
(h) 
(1) 
Result in a violation of the registration requirements of the Securities Act; 
Require the Partnership to register as an investment company under the 
Investment 
Company Act; 
Require the General Partner or any of its Affiliates to register as an 
investment adviser 
under the Advisers Act if it or they are not already so registered; 
Result in the Partnership being classified for United States federal income 
tax purposes as 
an association taxable as a corporation; 
Result in the Partnership being considered to be a "publicly traded 
partnership" under 
Section 7704 of the Code; 
Result in a breach of the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying 
Fund; or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397740
--- PAGE 74 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(1) 
Result in any interest in the Partnership being held by a transferee that is 
not an 
"accredited investor" (as defined under Regulation D of the Securities Act), 
a "qualified 
purchaser" (as defined in the Investment Company Act) and a "qualified 
client" (as 
defined under the Advisers Act), except in connection with the death of a 
Limited 
Partner. 
11.1.7 Opinion of Counsel. 
Any Transfer otherwise permitted hereunder will be made only upon receipt by 
the Partnership of a 
written opinion of counsel for the Partnership, or of other counsel 
reasonably satisfactory to the General 
Partner, in form and substance satisfactory to the General Partner, as to 
compliance with 11.1.6 and such 
other legal matters as the General Partner reasonably may request. The 
General Partner may waive, in 
whole or in part, the requirement of an opinion pursuant to this 11.1.7. 
11.1.8 Reimbursement of Transfer Expenses. 
Any transferring Partner and such Partner's transferee, jointly and 
severally, shall be required to 
reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the General Partner, for any 
expenses reasonably incurred by 
the Partnership in connection with such Transfer, including the costs of 
seeking and obtaining the legal 
opinion required by 11.1.7 and any other legal, accounting and miscellaneous 
expenses ("Transfer 
Expenses"), whether or not such Transfer is consummated. The minimum 
Transfer Expenses for any 
Transfer shall be $5,000. At its election, and in any event if the 
transferor has not reimbursed the 
Partnership for any Transfer Expenses incurred by the Partnership in 
preparing for or consummating a 
proposed or completed Transfer within ten (10) days after the General 
Partner has delivered to such 
Partner written demand for payment, the General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, seek reimbursement 
from either the transferor or the transferee of such interest. If either the 
transferor or the transferee does 
not reimburse the Partnership for such Transfer Expenses within a reasonable 
time, the General Partner 
may reduce any distribution otherwise payable to either the transferor or 
the transferee by the amount of 
such Transfer Expenses or reduce the Capital Account of either the 
transferor or the transferee pursuant to 
6.3.2. The amount of any such reduction in the amount of any distribution 
that otherwise would have 
EFTA01397741
--- PAGE 75 ---
been made to either the transferor or the transferee shall be treated as 
having been distributed to such 
transferor or transferee. 
11.2 ADMISSION OF SUBSTITUTED LIMITED PARTNERS. 
11.2.1 General. 
Any transferee of a Partnership interest transferred in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 11 
shall be admitted as a substituted Limited Partner only with the General 
Partner's written consent, which 
consent may be withheld for any reason or for no reason. Without the written 
consent of the General 
Partner to such substitution and the written opinion of counsel required by 
11.1.7 (or waiver thereof by 
the General Partner), no transferee of a Partnership interest shall be 
admitted as a Limited Partner. 
11.2.2 Effect of Admission. 
The transferee of an interest in the Partnership transferred pursuant to 
this Article 11 that is admitted to 
the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner shall succeed to the rights 
and liabilities of the transferor 
Limited Partner with respect to such interest and, after the effective date 
of such admission, the 
Subscription, Contribution and Capital Account of the transferor shall 
become the Subscription, 
Contribution and Capital Account of the transferee, to the extent of the 
interest transferred. If a transferee 
is not admitted to the Partnership as a substituted Limited Partner, (a) 
such transferee shall have no right 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397742
--- PAGE 76 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
to participate with the Limited Partners in any votes taken or consents 
granted or withheld by the Limited 
Partners hereunder, and (b) the transferor (or the estate, legal 
representative, or other successor of the 
original owner, if applicable) shall remain liable to the Partnership for 
all contributions and other amounts 
payable with respect to the transferred interest to the same extent as if no 
Transfer had occurred. 
11.3 NON-COMPLIANT TRANSFER. 
If a Transfer has been proposed or attempted but has not satisfied the 
requirements of this Article 11 
(including, as determined in good faith by the General Partner, any 
transaction which does not otherwise 
constitute a Transfer but a purpose of which is to achieve indirectly a 
result similar to that which would 
be achieved directly if such transaction were structured as a Transfer), the 
General Partner shall not admit 
the purported transferee as a substituted Limited Partner but, to the 
contrary, shall use its reasonable best 
efforts to ensure that the Partnership (a) continues to treat the transferor 
as the sole owner of the interest 
in the Partnership purportedly transferred, (b) makes no distributions to 
the purported transferee and 
(c) does not furnish to the purported transferee any tax or financial 
information regarding the Partnership. 
The General Partner shall also use its reasonable best efforts to ensure 
that the Partnership does not 
otherwise treat the purported transferee as an owner of any interest in the 
Partnership (either legal or 
equitable), unless required by law to do so. The Partnership shall be 
entitled to seek injunctive relief, at 
the expense of the purported transferor, to prevent any such purported 
Transfer. 
11.4 MULTIPLE OWNERSHIP. 
If the Transfer results in multiple ownership of any Limited Partner's 
interest in the Partnership, the 
General Partner may require one or more trustees or nominees to be 
designated as representing a portion 
of or the entire interest transferred for purposes of (a) receiving all 
notices which may be given, and all 
payments which may be made, under this Agreement and (b) exercising all 
rights which the transferor as 
a Limited Partner has pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement. 
11.5 NO WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, no Partner shall have the 
right to withdraw from the 
Partnership, to withdraw its capital and profits from the Partnership, or to 
demand and receive any 
Partnership property in exchange for its interest in the Partnership. 
EFTA01397743
--- PAGE 77 ---
11.6 REMOVAL OF A LIMITED PARTNER. 
The General Partner may require the complete or partial withdrawal of a 
Limited Partner if: (i) the 
General Partner determines in good faith that, in consequence of a change in 
the direct or indirect 
ownership or control of such Limited Partner, continued participation by 
such Limited Partner is 
inconsistent with the best interests of the Partnership; (ii) such Limited 
Partner has used or disclosed 
confidential information in violation of 14.7.8; or (iii) the General 
Partner determines in its reasonable 
discretion that continued ownership of such Limited Partner in the 
Partnership would (a) constitute or 
give rise to a violation of applicable law, or (b) otherwise subject the 
Partnership or the General Partner to 
material onerous legal, tax or other regulatory requirements that cannot 
reasonably be avoided without 
material adverse consequences to any other Partner or the Partnership. 
Notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in this Agreement, the General Partner shall have the sole 
discretion to apply the provisions of 
this 11.6 to each investor of any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397744
--- PAGE 78 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
11.7 LOOK-THROUGH TREATMENT. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the General 
Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, apply any provision of this Agreement to the limited partners of 
a Feeder Fund on a lookthrough 
basis, as if such limited partners had a direct interest in the Partnership. 
ARTICLE 12 - EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
12.1 EXCULPATION. 
12.1.1 General. 
No Covered Person, whether or not such Person remains a Covered Person, 
shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or any 
Partner which arises out of any 
investment or any other action or omission of such Covered Person if (a) 
such Covered Person acted in 
good faith, (b) such conduct did not constitute gross negligence or willful 
misconduct and (c) with respect 
to any criminal action or proceeding, such Covered Person had no reasonable 
cause to believe that his or 
her conduct was unlawful. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this 
Agreement, to the extent that, 
at law or in equity, a Partner has duties (including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities relating thereto to the 
Partnership, any Partner or any other Person that is bound by this 
Agreement, such Partner acting under 
this Agreement shall not be liable to the Partnership, any Partner or any 
other Person bound by this 
Agreement for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this Agreement, 
and the provisions of this 
Agreement, to the extent that they restrict or eliminate the duties 
(including fiduciary duties) and 
liabilities (by specifying a duty of care or otherwise) of a Partner 
otherwise existing at law or in equity, 
are agreed by each Partner to replace such duties and liabilities. For 
purposes of this Article 12, (i) 
"Covered Person" shall mean the Investment Manager, the General Partner 
(including without limitation 
the General Partner acting as Tax Matters Partner, Partnership 
Representative or as liquidator), the 
members of the General Partner, the respective officers, directors, 
managers, members or partners, of the 
Investment Manager or General Partner, each partner, member, stockholder, 
officer, director, manager, 
employee, agent or Affiliate of any of the foregoing, and the Administrator, 
and (ii) the General Partner 
shall be responsible for determining in its sole discretion if clauses (a), 
(b) and (c) of the first sentence of 
this 12.1.1 were satisfied. 
12.1.2 Activities of Others. 
EFTA01397745
--- PAGE 79 ---
No Covered Person shall be liable for the negligence, whether by action or 
omission, dishonesty or bad 
faith of any employee, broker or other agent of the Partnership selected by 
any Covered Person with 
reasonable care. 
12.1.3 Liquidator. 
No Person other than the General Partner that serves as liquidator pursuant 
to Article 10 shall be liable to 
the Partnership or any Partner for any loss suffered by the Partnership or 
any Partner which arises out of 
any action or omission of such Person, provided that such Person acted in 
good faith and, with respect to 
any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that 
such Person's conduct was 
unlawful. 
12.1.4 Advice of Experts. 
No Covered Person and no Person serving as liquidator shall be liable to the 
Partnership or any Partner 
with respect to any action or omission taken or suffered by any of them in 
good faith if such action or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397746
--- PAGE 80 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
omission is taken or suffered in reliance upon and in accordance with the 
opinion or advice of legal 
counsel (as to matters of law), or of accountants (as to matters of 
accounting), or of investment bankers, 
accounting firms, or other appraisers (as to matters of 
that any such professional or 
firm is selected by any such Person with reasonable care. 
12.2 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
12.2.1 General. 
The Covered Persons, each liquidator and each partner, member, 
director, officer, manager, 
trustee, employee, agent and Affiliate 
"Indemnitee") shall be 
indemnified (whether or not the Indemnitee 
capacity at the time such action, 
suit or proceeding is brought or threatened), 
provisions of this Agreement, by the 
Partnership (out of Partnership assets, including 
proceeds of liability insurance 
and as set forth in 12.4) against any claim, demand, 
cost, loss, damage, expense 
(including legal and accounting fees and 
and sums paid in settlement), 
judgment and/or liability of any kind 
arising incurred by or imposed 
upon the Indemnitee in connection 
(including any proceeding before 
any administrative or legislative 
may be made a party or 
otherwise involved or with which the Indemnitee shall be threatened, by 
reason of the Indemnitee's being 
at the time the cause of action arose or thereafter, a Covered Person, a 
liquidator, a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, agent or 
Affiliate of any of the foregoing, or a 
partner, member, stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, 
consultant or agent of any 
other organization in which the Partnership owns or has owned an interest or 
of which the Partnership is 
or was a creditor, which other organization the Indemnitee serves or has 
served as a partner, member, 
stockholder, director, officer, manager, trustee, employee, consultant or 
agent at the request of the 
Partnership, or by reason of actions or omissions taken or suffered in any 
such capacity. 
12.2.2 Limitation on Indemnification. 
An Indemnitee shall not be indemnified with respect to matters as to which 
the Indemnitee shall have 
of any of the 
continues 
subject 
expenses, 
valuation), provided 
stockholder, 
foregoing (each, an 
to serve in such 
to the other 
unpaid Subscriptions, the 
controversy, dispute, 
costs of investigations 
or nature, whatsoever or however 
with any action, suit or proceeding 
body or agency), to which the Indemnitee 
EFTA01397747
--- PAGE 81 ---
been finally adjudicated in any such action, suit or proceeding (a) to have 
acted in bad faith or to have 
acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (b) with respect to 
any criminal action or 
proceeding, to have had reasonable cause to believe that such Person's 
conduct was unlawful. 
12.2.3 Advance Payment of Expenses. 
The Partnership may, in the General Partner's sole discretion, pay the 
expenses incurred by an Indemnitee 
in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding, or in connection 
with claims arising in connection 
with any potential or threatened action, suit or proceeding, in advance of 
the final disposition of such 
action, suit or proceeding, upon (a) the assignment by such Indemnitee of 
any and all rights that the 
Indemnitee may have to seek indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier 
with respect to such action, 
suit or proceeding, and (b) the execution of a written agreement between the 
Partnership and the 
Indemnitee reflecting that, as a result of the advancement of such expenses, 
the Partnership is subrogated 
to the Indemnitee's rights to pursue a claim for indemnification from a 
Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such action, suit or proceeding, and (c) the receipt of an 
undertaking by such Indemnitee to 
repay such payment if the Indemnitee shall be determined to be not entitled 
to indemnification for such 
expenses pursuant to this Article 12.2 (whether by virtue of such person's 
conduct, the receipt of a 
corresponding indemnification payment from a Third-Party Indemnifier with 
respect to such matter, or 
otherwise); provided, however, that in such instance the Indemnitee is not 
defending an actual or 
threatened claim, action, suit or proceeding against the Indemnitee by the 
General Partner directly or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397748
--- PAGE 82 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
indirectly through the Partnership (or by the Indemnitee against the 
Partnership and/or the General 
Partner). 
12.2.4 Insurance. 
At its election, the General Partner may cause the Partnership to purchase 
and maintain insurance, at the 
expense of the Partnership and to the extent available, for the protection 
of any Indemnitee or potential 
Indemnitee against any liability incurred in any capacity which results in 
such Person being an 
Indemnitee (provided that such Person is serving or has served in such 
capacity at the request of the 
Partnership or the General Partner), whether or not the Partnership has the 
power to indemnify such 
Person against such liability. The General Partner may purchase and maintain 
insurance on behalf of and 
at the expense of the Partnership for the protection of any officer, 
director, manager, employee or other 
agent of any other organization in which the Partnership owns an interest or 
of which the Partnership is a 
creditor against similar liabilities, whether or not the Partnership has the 
power to indemnify any Person 
against such liabilities. 
12.2.5 Successors. 
The foregoing right of indemnification shall inure to the benefit of the 
executors, administrators, personal 
representatives, successors or assigns of each such Indemnitee. 
12.2.6 Rights to Indemnification from Other Sources. 
12.2.6.1 
Indemnification from Other Sources. 
The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred in this 
12.2 shall not be exclusive 
and shall be in addition to any rights to which any Indemnitee may otherwise 
be entitled or hereafter 
acquire under any law, statute, rule, regulation, charter document, by-law, 
contract or agreement. 
12.2.6.2 Priority of Indemnity Obligations. 
If an Indemnitee is entitled to indemnification in respect of the same 
claim, demand, controversy, dispute, 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or 
liability from the Partnership 
pursuant to this Article 12 and from one or more Third-Party Indemnifiers 
(or their insurance providers, 
as applicable), then the Partnership shall make indemnification payments to 
such Indemnitee under this 
12.2 with respect to such claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, 
damage, expense (including 
attorneys' fees), judgment and/or liability only to the extent that (i) the 
amount of indemnification 
EFTA01397749
--- PAGE 83 ---
payments that the Partnership would otherwise be required to make under this 
12.2 in the absence of such 
right to indemnification from such Third-Party Indemnifiers exceeds (ii) the 
aggregate amount of 
indemnification payments actually received by such Indemnitee with respect 
to such claim, demand, 
controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability 
from such Third-Party Indemnifiers. Solely for purposes of clarification, 
and without expanding the 
scope of indemnification pursuant to this 12.2, the Partners hereby 
expressly intend that the provisions of 
this 12.2.6.2 shall be interpreted to reflect an ordering of liability for 
potentially overlapping or 
duplicative indemnification payments to an Indemnitee, with any applicable 
Third-Party Indemnifiers 
having primary liability, the Partnership having only secondary liability, 
and the General Partner having 
only tertiary liability. 
In the event the Partnership makes any indemnification payments to an 
Indemnitee 
with respect to a claim, demand, controversy, dispute, cost, loss, damage, 
expense (including attorneys' 
fees), judgment and/or liability, the Partnership shall be, automatically 
and without the need for any 
further action on the part of any Person, subrogated to the Indemnitee's 
rights to pursue a claim for 
indemnification from a Third-Party Indemnifier with respect to such claim, 
demand, controversy, dispute, 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397750
--- PAGE 84 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
cost, loss, damage, expense (including attorneys' fees), judgment and/or 
liability. To the extent that the 
Partnership is required to provide indemnification payments to an Indemnitee 
pursuant to the terms of this 
Agreement, it hereby waives and releases the General Partner and their 
respective Affiliates (other than 
the Partnership) from any claims for contribution, subrogation or any other 
recovery of any kind in 
respect of such indemnification payments from the Partnership. 
12.2.7 Discretionary Limitation by General Partner. 
Notwithstanding 12.2.1 and 12.2.3, the General Partner in its sole 
discretion may limit or eliminate 
indemnification payments that otherwise would be made by the Partnership to 
any Indemnitee. 
12.3 LIMITATION BY LAW. 
If any Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership itself is subject to 
any law, rule or regulation 
which restricts the extent to which any Person may be exculpated or 
indemnified by the Partnership, the 
exculpation provisions set forth in 12.1 and the indemnification provisions 
set forth in 12.2, as applied to 
such Covered Person or Indemnitee or the Partnership, shall be deemed to be 
amended, automatically and 
without further action by the Partners, to the minimum extent necessary to 
conform to such restrictions. 
12.4 RETURN OF CERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the 
Partnership incurs a liability or 
obligation under this Article 12 or otherwise (including, but not limited 
to, the obligation to return, 
recontribute or reinvest a distribution received from the Underlying Fund 
pursuant to and in accordance 
with the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund), then the 
General Partner may require that 
each Partner return to the Partnership distributions received from the 
Partnership pursuant to Articles 7 
and 10, upon not less than seven (7) days' prior written notice from the 
General Partner, equal to its pro 
rata share, based on the relative Subscriptions of the Partners of the 
amount necessary to satisfy such 
liability or obligation; provided that such amounts shall not exceed 25% of 
all distributions received by 
such Partner from the Partnership, unless the Partnership is otherwise 
required to return distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund (in which case 
such Partner would be required to bear its proportionate share of any such 
return obligation),. In addition, 
no Partner shall be required to return distributions to the Partnership 
EFTA01397751
--- PAGE 85 ---
after the 18-month anniversary of the 
last day of the term of the Partnership as set forth in 9.1, provided that 
if at the end of such period there 
are any proceedings or claims outstanding (including any proceedings or 
claims relating to the Underlying 
Fund), the General Partner shall notify the Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended 
until the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the 
Partners in respect thereof. A Partner's obligation to return distributions 
to the Partnership under this 12.4 
shall survive the liquidation of the Partnership and the withdrawal of a 
Partner from the Partnership, and 
the Partnership may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have 
against each Partner under 
this 12.4, including treating such Partner as a Defaulting Partner with all 
the rights and remedies of the 
Partnership set forth in 6.3. The provisions of this 12.4 shall not be 
construed or interpreted as inuring to 
the benefit of any creditor of any of the Partnership, a Limited Partner, 
the General Partner or any 
Indemnitee. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397752
--- PAGE 86 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
ARTICLE 13 - AMENDMENTS, VOTING AND CONSENTS 
13.1 AMENDMENTS. 
13.1.1 Consent of Partners. 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the terms and provisions of 
this Agreement may be 
waived on behalf of all Partners, modified, terminated or amended, during or 
after the term of the 
Partnership, with the prior written consent of the General Partner and a 
majority-in-interest of the Limited 
Partners; provided, however, that any provision of this Agreement requiring 
the written vote or consent of 
a greater percentage in interest of the Partners may be waived on behalf of 
all Partners, modified, 
terminated or amended only with the vote or written consent of the General 
Partner and such greater 
percentage in interest of the Partners as is required by such provision. 
Notwithstanding the other 
provisions of this Article 13, the General Partner, without the consent of 
any other Partner, may amend 
any provision of this Agreement (a) to the extent such amendment does not 
subject any Limited Partner to 
any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or waive in any 
material respect the duties and 
obligations of the General Partner to the Partnership or the Limited 
Partners, (b) to cure any ambiguity or 
correct or supplement any provision herein which may be inconsistent with 
any other provision herein or 
to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that this Agreement 
shall accurately reflect the 
agreement among the Partners, (c) is necessary in order to comply with any 
fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (d) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or 
tax legislation, which amendment may include reorganizing or reconstituting 
the Partnership, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the economic 
returns of the Limited 
Partners. 
13.1.2 Amendments Affecting Partners' Economic Rights. 
No amendment shall increase the Subscription of any Limited Partner or 
dilute the interest of any Limited 
Partner relative to the interests of the other Limited Partners in the 
profits or capital of the Partnership or 
in allocations or distributions attributable to the ownership of such 
interest without the prior written 
consent of such Limited Partner, except such dilution as may result from 
additional Subscriptions from 
the Partners or the admission of Additional Limited Partners pursuant to 
this Agreement, and pursuant to 
EFTA01397753
--- PAGE 87 ---
an exercise of remedies by the Partnership under 3.3.3 and 6.3. 
13.1.3 Consent to Amend ERISA Provisions. 
Without the prior written consent of a majority-in-interest of all ERISA 
Partners, the text of 4.2, 11.1.6(a) 
and this 13.1.3 shall not be amended. 
13.1.4 Notice of Amendments. 
The General Partner shall furnish copies of any amendments to this Agreement 
to all Partners, other than 
changes in the List of Partners to reflect the admission, withdrawal or 
substitution of Partners, changes in 
the addresses of Partners or otherwise in accordance with 3.1, and changes 
in the Subscriptions of 
Partners (in each case occurring pursuant to this Agreement), which shall 
not require the consent of or 
notice to any Limited Partner. 
13.1.5 Negative Consent. 
Any consent or approval required pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise 
(including, without limitation, 
(i) any required consent to a transaction that would result in an 
"assignment" (within the meaning of the 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397754
--- PAGE 88 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Advisers Act) of any management agreement or other similar agreement, or 
(ii) any approvals required 
under the Advisers Act, including approvals required under Section 206(3) 
thereof) may be obtained by 
the General Partner sending notice to the Limited Partners of the requested 
consent or approval and 
instructing the Limited Partners who object to such consent or approval to 
notify the General Partner of 
their objection in writing within ten (10) Business Days after receipt of 
such request. In such case, 
Limited Partners who have not so objected to a proposed consent or approval 
request will be deemed to 
have consented to or approved any such request. 
13.2 VOTING AND CONSENTS. 
Whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a specified 
percentage in interest of the 
Limited Partners, such action shall be deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent 
of those Limited Partners whose Contributions represent the specified 
percentage of the aggregate 
Contributions of all Limited Partners at the time (including any negative 
consents pursuant to 13.1.5). 
Similarly, whenever action is required by this Agreement to be taken by a 
specified percentage in interest 
of a specified class or group of Limited Partners such action shall be 
deemed to be valid if taken upon the 
written vote or written consent of those Limited Partners of such class or 
group whose Contributions 
represent the specified percentage of the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners of such class or 
group at the time (including any negative consents pursuant to 13.1.5). For 
these purposes, a 
majority-in-interest shall mean a percentage in interest in excess of 50%, 
and Non-Voting Interests, if 
any, shall not be taken into account. Any limited partner interest held by 
the General Partner or any 
Defaulting Partner shall be deemed a Non-Voting Interest. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the General 
Partner intends to cause the Partnership to vote its interest in the 
Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
ARTICLE 14 - ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
14.1 KEEPING OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP. 
14.1.1 Accounts and Records. 
(a) At all times the General Partner shall cause to be kept proper and 
complete books of 
account, in which shall be entered fully and accurately the transactions of 
the Partnership. 
Such books of account shall be kept on the accrual method of accounting. The 
General 
EFTA01397755
--- PAGE 89 ---
Partner shall also maintain: (1) an executed copy of this Agreement (and any 
amendments hereto) as may be in effect from time to time; (2) the 
Certificate of Limited 
Partnership of the Partnership (and any amendments thereto) as may be in 
effect from 
time to time; (3) executed copies of any powers of attorney pursuant to 
which any 
document described in clause (1) or (2) has been executed by the 
Partnership; (4) the List 
of Partners; (5) copies of all tax returns filed by the Partnership for each 
of the prior three 
years; and (6) all financial statements of the Partnership for each of the 
prior three years. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner shall be entitled to receive a copy of the signature 
page to this 
Agreement signed by such Limited Partner, and relevant information 
regarding, such 
Limited Partner, but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not 
otherwise be entitled 
to receive or have access to the signature pages to this Agreement. In 
addition, the 
General Partner shall have the right in its discretion to keep confidential 
from the Limited 
Partners, for such period of time as the General Partner deems appropriate, 
any 
information which the General Partner reasonably believes to be in the 
nature of trade 
secrets or other information the disclosure of which the General Partner in 
good faith 
believes is not in the best interest of the Partnership or its business or 
any Limited 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397756
--- PAGE 90 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Partner, or that the Partnership is required by law or agreement with a 
third party to keep 
confidential. 
14.1.2 Certificate of Limited Partnership. 
The General Partner shall file for record with the appropriate public 
authorities and, if required, publish 
the Certificate of Limited Partnership of the Partnership and any amendments 
thereto. 
14.2 FINANCIAL REPORTS. 
14.2.1 Annual Financial Statements. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to 
each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each fiscal year (subject to the 
time the Partnership receives the 
relevant information from the Underlying Fund), the audited financial 
statements of the Partnership for 
such fiscal year. Commencing with the fiscal year in which the Initial 
Drawdown Date occurs and for 
each fiscal year thereafter, such financial statements shall be prepared in 
accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles in the United States or another comprehensive 
basis of accounting, in each 
case consistently applied in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
except that Partnership assets 
shall be valued in accordance with 14.3. 
14.2.2 Annual Tax Information. 
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to transmit to 
each Partner, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after the close of each Partnership fiscal year 
(subject to the time the Partnership 
receives the relevant information from the Underlying Fund), such Partner's 
Schedule K-1 (Internal 
Revenue Service Form 1065) or an equivalent report indicating such Partner's 
share of all items of 
income or gain, expense, loss or other deduction and tax credit of the 
Partnership for such year, as well as 
the status of such Partner's Capital Account as of the end of such year, and 
such additional information as 
such Partner reasonably may request to enable it to complete its tax returns 
or to fulfill any other reporting 
requirements, provided that the General Partner can obtain such additional 
information without 
unreasonable effort or expense; provided that it is understood that the 
Partnership does not expect to be 
able to deliver Schedules K-1 to the Partners prior to April 15 of each 
year, and accordingly, the Partners 
will be required to obtain extensions for filing their federal, state and 
local income tax returns. 
14.2.3 Quarterly Reports. 
EFTA01397757
--- PAGE 91 ---
The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to furnish to 
each Limited Partner, as soon 
as reasonably practicable following the end of each of the first three 
fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of 
the Partnership (subject to the time the Partnership receives the relevant 
information from the Underlying 
Fund), quarterly reports of the Partnership for the quarter then ended; 
provided, however, that this 14.2.3 
shall not apply to any fiscal quarter prior to the fiscal quarter in which 
the Partnership invests in the 
Underlying Fund. 
14.2.4 Information Rights. 
Limited Partners will not receive all of the information or reports that are 
provided to direct limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, even though the General Partner may have 
access to such information. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397758
--- PAGE 92 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.3 VALUATION. 
14.3.1 Valuation by General Partner. 
Whenever valuation of Partnership assets or net assets is required by this 
Agreement, the General Partner 
shall determine the fair market value thereof in good faith in accordance 
with this 14.3. 
14.3.2 Freely Tradable Securities. 
The fair market value of any security owned by the Partnership that is a 
Freely Tradable Security and 
which is distributed by the Partnership shall be determined as of the close 
of trading on the date 
immediately prior to the date as of which the value is being determined and 
shall be equal to the last 
reported trade price of such security on such prior date on the exchange 
where it is primarily traded or, if 
such security is not traded on an exchange, such security shall be valued at 
the last reported sale price on 
an established quotation service for over-the-counter securities. For 
purposes of the preceding sentence, 
the "last reported" trade price or sale price or "closing" bid price of a 
security on any trading day shall be 
deemed to be: (a) with respect to securities traded primarily on the New 
York Stock Exchange or the 
American Stock Exchange, the last reported trade price or sale price, as the 
case may be, as of 4:00 p.m., 
New York time, on that day, and (b) for securities listed, traded or quoted 
on any other exchange, market, 
system or service, the market price as of the end of the "regular hours" 
trading period that is generally 
accepted as such by such exchange, market, system or service. 
14.3.3 Other Assets. 
The General Partner will value other assets of the Partnership in good faith 
and generally based on the 
valuation of such assets received from the Underlying Fund. The General 
Partner may also consider other 
relevant factors, which may include, without limitation: quarterly and 
annual reports received from the 
Underlying Fund; the current financial position and current and historical 
operating results of the issuer; 
sales prices of recent public or private transactions in the same or similar 
securities, including transactions 
on any securities exchange on which such securities are listed or in the 
over-the-counter market; general 
level of interest rates; recent trading volume of the security; restrictions 
on transfer; significant recent 
events affecting the Underlying Fund; the price paid by the Partnership to 
acquire the asset; and the 
percentage of the issuer's outstanding securities that is owned by the 
Partnership. 
EFTA01397759
--- PAGE 93 ---
14.3.4 Goodwill and Intangible Assets. 
In determining the fair market value of the assets of the Partnership, no 
allowance of any kind shall be 
made for goodwill or the name of the Partnership or of the General Partner, 
the Partnership's office 
records, files and statistical data or any intangible assets of the 
Partnership in the nature of or similar to 
goodwill. The Partnership's goodwill shall, as among the Partners, be deemed 
to have no value, and no 
Partner shall have any right or claim individually to the use of the 
Partnership's name or the goodwill 
thereof. 
14.4 NOTICES. 
Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, all notices, 
requests, consents, approvals and 
statements shall be in writing and, if properly addressed to the recipient, 
shall be deemed given if 
(a) delivered personally to the recipient; (b) mailed by first class mail 
(or if sent to or from outside the 
United States, by airmail), postage prepaid; (c) sent by electronic mail or 
electronic facsimile 
transmission; or (d) delivered by a reputable overnight courier service. 
Notices shall be deemed to be 
properly addressed, if to the Partnership, at its principal office, and if 
to any Partner, if addressed to its 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397760
--- PAGE 94 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
address, facsimile number or electronic mail address, as applicable, as set 
forth in the List of Partners, or 
to such other address or facsimile number as the addressee previously may 
have specified by written 
notice given in the manner specified 
case of the Limited Partners, or 
to the Limited Partners, in the case 
Partner. Notices shall be deemed 
received one Business Day after they 
that notices sent by first class 
mail shall be deemed received three Business Days after they are mailed. 
Notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this 14.4, the General Partner, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, shall be deemed to 
have satisfied its obligations to transmit notices, financial statements and 
reports pursuant to this 14.4 
(other than United States Federal tax statements, schedules and forms if and 
to the extent not permitted by 
law to be made available in a manner described in 
amendments to this Agreement 
pursuant to 13.1.4 if the General Partner posts such 
reports and/or amendments on a 
web site and gives notice to the Limited Pa 
sentences in this 14.4, of the 
availability of such financial statements, 
URL address of the web site and 
a password for access to such web site, 
14.5 ACCOUNTING PROVISIONS. 
14.5.1 Fiscal Year. 
The fiscal year of the Partnership 
Partnership is required to use a 
different year as its taxable year 
other year. 
14.5.2 Independent Accountants. 
The Partnership's independent public accountants shall at all times be a 
nationally or regionally 
recognized independent public accounting firm selected by the General 
Partner. The General Partner may 
change the Partnership's accountants from time to time. 
14.6 TAX PROVISIONS. 
14.6.1 Classification as Partnership. 
The General Partner (a) will not cause or permit the Partnership to elect 
(1) to be excluded from the 
provisions of Subchapter K of Chapter 1 of the Code or (2) to be treated as 
a corporation for federal 
income tax purposes or (3) to be treated as an "electing large partnership" 
as defined in Section 775 of the 
Code; (b) will cause the Partnership to make any election reasonably 
determined to be necessary or 
in this 14.4 to the Partnership, in the 
of the Partnership or the General 
are given, sent or delivered, except 
rtners 
this sentence) and 
financial statements, 
pursuant 
reports and/or 
if necessary. 
to the preceding 
amendments, the 
shall be the calendar year or, if the 
for federal income tax purposes, such 
EFTA01397761
--- PAGE 95 ---
appropriate in order to ensure the treatment of the Partnership as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes; (c) will cause the Partnership to file any required tax returns in 
a manner consistent with its 
treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (d) 
shall not take any action that 
would be inconsistent with the treatment of the Partnership as a partnership 
for such purposes. 
14.6.2 Tax Matters Partner; Partner Tax Information; FATCA. 
(a) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership ending prior to January 1, 2018 (or if 
the effective date 
of Section 1101 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the "BBA") is 
extended, such later 
extended date), the "tax matters partner," as defined in Section 6231 of the 
Code, of the 
Partnership (the "Tax Matters Partner") shall be the General Partner. All 
expenses 
incurred by the Tax Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in 
its capacity as 
such (including professional fees for such accountants, attorneys and agents 
as the Tax 
Matters Partner, or the Partnership Representative, in its sole discretion 
determines are 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397762
--- PAGE 96 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
necessary to or useful in the performance of its duties in that capacity) 
shall be borne by 
the Partnership. 
(b) 
For fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after December 31, 2017 (or if 
the effective 
date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such later extended date): (i) 
the General 
Partner shall be designated the "partnership representative" within the 
meaning of 
Section 6223(a) of the Code (the "Partnership Representative") and the 
General Partner 
shall be authorized to take any actions necessary under Treasury Regulations 
or other 
guidance to cause the General Partner to be designated as such; (ii) the 
Partnership and 
each Partner agree that they shall be bound by the actions taken by the 
Partnership 
Representative, as described in Section 6223(b) of the Code; (iii) the 
Partners consent to 
the election set forth in Section 6226(a) of the Code and agree to take any 
action, and 
furnish the General Partner with any information necessary, to give effect 
to such election 
if the General Partner decides to make such election; and (iv) any imputed 
underpayment 
imposed on the Partnership pursuant to Code Section 6232 of the Code (and 
any related 
interest, penalties or other additions to tax) that the General Partner 
reasonably 
determines is attributable to one or more Partners shall be promptly paid by 
such Partners 
to the Partnership (pro rata in proportion to their respective shares of such 
underpayment) within 15 days following the General Partner's request for 
payment (and 
any failure to pay such amount shall result in a subsequent reduction in 
distributions 
otherwise payable to such Partner plus interest on such amount calculated at 
the Prime 
Rate plus 2%). Any references to Code Sections set forth in this 14.6.2(b) 
refer to those 
Sections as in effect for fiscal years of the Partnership beginning after 
December 31, 
2017 (or if the effective date of Section 1101 of the BBA is extended, such 
later extended 
date). For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the costs of any action taken by or 
on behalf of the 
General Partner, the Partnership or their respective Affiliates pursuant to 
this 14.6.2(b) 
EFTA01397763
--- PAGE 97 ---
shall be borne by the Limited Partner benefitting from such action (together 
with the 
other Limited Partners similarly benefitting from such actions, in 
proportion to their 
respective Percentage Interests), (ii) the General Partner will be entitled 
to rely 
conclusively on the advice of the Partnership's independent accountant or 
other tax 
advisor in making any determination in respect of the partnership tax audit 
rules 
prescribed by the BBA, and (iii) the General Partner shall not be required 
to indemnify 
any Limited Partner or the Partnership with respect to any taxes incurred 
under such 
partnership tax audit rules. 
(c) 
Each Partner shall provide to the Partnership upon request such information, 
forms or 
representations which the General Partner may reasonably request with 
respect to the 
Partnership's compliance with applicable tax laws, including, any 
information, forms or 
representations requested by the General Partner to assist in obtaining any 
exemption, 
reduction or refund of any withholding or other taxes imposed by any taxing 
authority or 
other governmental agency upon the Partnership or amounts paid to the 
Partnership. 
Each Partner agrees to promptly provide the General Partner such information 
regarding 
the Partner and its beneficial owners and forms as the General Partner 
requests so that the 
Partnership may avoid any adverse consequences under FATCA. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in this Agreement or the Partner's subscription 
agreement, if 
any, the Partner hereby waives the application of any non-U.S. law, to the 
extent such 
law would prevent the Partnership or the General Partner from reporting to 
the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service and/or the U.S. Treasury or any other governmental 
authority 
any information required to be reported with respect to such Partner, its 
beneficial owners 
or the Partnership. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397764
--- PAGE 98 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
(d) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each 
Limited Partner 
agrees to provide any information or certifications (including without 
limitation 
information about such Limited Partner's direct and indirect owners) that 
may reasonably 
be requested by the Partnership to allow the Partnership, the Underlying 
Fund or any 
member of any "expanded affiliated group" (as defined in Section 1471(e)(2) 
of the 
Code) to which the Partnership or the 
into, maintain 
or otherwise comply with the agreement 
the Code or 
under any applicable intergovernmental 
United States 
and another country (or under any applicable 
enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement) to which the 
Fund may 
be subject; (2) satisfy any 
FATCA; and 
(3) satisfy 
FATCA with 
respect to 
Underlying 
Fund. 
(e) Notwithstanding 
Limited Partner 
further agrees that, 
requirements 
of this 14.6.2 in a 
such Limited 
Partner's participation in the Partnership would otherwise have a material 
adverse effect 
on the Partnership or the Partners as a result of FATCA, then (1) the 
General Partner, in 
its sole discretion, may (A) cause such Limited Partner to transfer its 
interest in the 
Partnership to a third party (including, without limitation, an existing 
Partner) or 
otherwise withdraw from the Partnership in exchange for consideration which 
the 
General Partner, in its sole discretion, after taking into account all 
relevant facts and 
circumstances surrounding such transfer or withdrawal (including, without 
limitation, the 
desire to effect such transfer 
order to 
any requirements 
any payments 
Underlying Fund belongs to (1) enter 
information 
contemplated by Section 1471(b) of 
agreement entered into 
local country 
Partnership 
between the 
legislation 
or the Underlying 
reporting requirements imposed by 
necessary to avoid withholding taxes under 
to be received or made by the Partnership or the 
any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, each 
if such Limited Partner fails to comply with any of the 
timely manner or if the General Partner determines that 
or withdrawal as expeditiously as possible in 
EFTA01397765
--- PAGE 99 ---
minimize any adverse effect on the Partnership and the other Partners as a 
result of 
FATCA), deems to be appropriate or (B) take any other action the General 
Partner deems 
in good faith to be reasonable to minimize any adverse effect on the 
Partnership and the 
other Partners as a result of FATCA; and (2) unless otherwise agreed by the 
General 
Partner in writing, the Limited Partner shall, to the maximum extent 
permitted by 
applicable law, indemnify the Partnership for all loss, cost, expenses, 
damage, claims and 
demands (including, but not limited to, any withholding tax, penalties or 
interest suffered 
by the Partnership) arising as a result of such Limited Partner's failure to 
comply with the 
above requirements in a timely manner. 
(f) 
Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the 
provisions of 7.4 
and this 14.6.2 will survive the liquidation or dissolution of the 
Partnership and each 
Partner agrees to continue to be bound to the terms of 7.4 and this 14.6.2 
following such 
Partner's termination of its interest in the Partnership. 
14.6.3 Section 1045 Rollovers. 
Each Limited Partner agrees that (a) with respect to its limited partnership 
interest, it will not require the 
Partnership to elect, and the Partnership shall not be required to elect, 
the application of Section 1045 of 
the Code (dealing with rollovers of gains realized on the disposition of 
"qualified small business stock" as 
defined in Section 1202 of the Code) or any similar provisions of any state 
income tax law; (b) without 
the prior written consent of the General Partner, such Partner will not make 
any election referred to in the 
preceding clause (a) if such election would impose on the Partnership or the 
General Partner any 
obligation (including, but not limited to, any obligation to furnish 
information, maintain records or file 
returns or other documents); and (c) the Partnership shall not be required 
to comply with any tax reporting 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397766
--- PAGE 100 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
or accounting requirements (including, but not limited to, those relating to 
the adjustment of the tax basis 
of any asset of the Partnership or the interest in the Partnership of any 
Partner) that may be imposed under 
Section 1045 of the Code, and shall not be required to provide any 
information necessary to enable such 
Partner to comply with or elect the application of Section 1045 of the Code, 
in each case with respect to 
rollovers of qualified small business stock by the Partnership or by or on 
behalf of any Partner. 
14.6.4 Electing Investment Partnership. 
Each Limited Partner hereby agrees and covenants that it shall not make an 
election under Section 732(d) 
of the Code without the prior written consent of the General Partner. The 
General Partner may, but shall 
not be obligated to, cause the Partnership to make an election under Section 
754 of the Code or an 
election to be treated as an "electing investment partnership" within the 
meaning of Section 743(e) of the 
Code. If the Partnership elects to be treated as an electing investment 
partnership, each Limited Partner 
shall (i) cooperate with the Partnership to maintain such status, (ii) not 
take any action that would be 
inconsistent with such election, (iii) provide the General Partner with any 
information necessary to allow 
the Partnership to comply with its tax reporting and other obligations as an 
electing investment 
partnership, and (iv) provide the General Partner and such Limited Partner's 
transferee, promptly 
following the transfer of such Limited Partner's interest, with the 
information required under the Code, 
Internal Revenue Service Notice 2005-32 (or any successor guidance) or 
otherwise to be furnished to the 
Partnership or such transferee, including such information as is necessary 
to enable the Partnership and 
such transferee to compute the amount of losses disallowed under Section 
743(e) of the Code. Whether 
or not the Partnership makes an election to be treated as an electing 
investment partnership, each Limited 
Partner or former Limited Partner shall, promptly upon request, provide the 
General Partner with any 
information related to such Partner necessary to allow the Partnership to 
comply with (a) its obligations to 
make tax basis adjustments under Sections 734 or 743 of the Code and (b) any 
other tax reporting 
obligations of the Partnership. In addition, to the extent that the transfer 
to a Limited Partner (or the 
transfer of interests in a Limited Partner) results in the Partnership 
adjusting the basis of Partnership 
EFTA01397767
--- PAGE 101 ---
property, each Limited Partner that receives an interest in the Partnership 
by reason of such transfer (or, in 
the case of the transfer of interests in a Limited Partner, such Limited 
Partner) hereby agrees to reimburse 
the Partnership and/or the General Partner within 10 business days for any 
expenses (including, without 
limitation, accounting fees) reasonably incurred by the Partnership and/or 
the General Partner (and their 
respective affiliates) from time to time in connection with effecting such 
adjustments to the basis of 
Partnership property and any corresponding adjustments to the calculation of 
Partnership gains and losses 
as it relates to such transfer. 
14.6.5 Tax Reporting Consistency. 
For United States federal, state and local income tax purposes, each Limited 
Partner shall report the tax 
items attributable to its participation in the Partnership on its income tax 
returns in a manner consistent 
with the tax treatment of such items as (or to be) reported to it by the 
Partnership on Internal Revenue 
Service Form 1065 Schedule K-1 (or any such successor form or schedule). 
14.7 GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
14.7.1 Power of Attorney. 
Each of the undersigned by execution of this Agreement (including by 
execution of a counterpart 
signature page hereto directly or by power of attorney) constitutes and 
appoints the General Partner as its 
true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, in its name, place and 
stead, to make, execute, sign, 
acknowledge and deliver or file (a) the Certificate of Limited Partnership 
and any other instruments, 
documents and certificates which may from time to time be required by any 
law to effectuate, implement 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397768
--- PAGE 102 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
and continue the valid and subsisting existence of the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicles, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund (b) all instruments, documents and 
certificates that may be required 
to effectuate the dissolution and termination of the Partnership or any 
Alternative Investment Vehicle, 
Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund in accordance with the provisions hereof 
and the Delaware Act (and, 
in the case of an Alternative Investment Vehicle, in accordance with the 
laws of the jurisdiction in which 
any such Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund 
was formed), (c) all other 
amendments of this Agreement or the Certificate of Limited Partnership 
contemplated by this Agreement 
including, without limitation, amendments reflecting the addition or 
substitution of any Partner, or any 
action of the Partners duly taken pursuant to this Agreement whether or not 
such Partner voted in favor of 
or otherwise approved such action, (d) any other instrument, certificate or 
document required from time to 
time to admit a Partner, to effect its substitution as a Partner, to effect 
the substitution of the Partner's 
assignee as a Partner, or to reflect any action of the Partners provided for 
in this Agreement (including, 
without limitation, the admission of any Partner to an Alternative 
Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund), (e) any other instrument, certificate or document 
required from time to time to 
effect the Transfer of a Defaulting Partner's interest, and (f) any 
agreement or instrument necessary or 
advisable to consummate any investment pursuant to 3.5, including the 
execution of the organizational 
documents with respect to an Alternative Investment Vehicle, Parallel Access 
Fund or Feeder Fund (and 
any amendments thereto consistent with 3.5 and 3.6); provided, however, that 
no actions shall be taken by 
the General Partner under the power of attorney granted pursuant to this 
14.7.1 that would have any 
adverse effect on the limited liability of any Limited Partner. The 
foregoing grant of authority (1) is a 
special power of attorney coupled with an interest in favor of the General 
Partner and as such shall be 
irrevocable and shall survive the death or disability of a Partner that is a 
natural person or the merger, 
dissolution or other termination of the existence of a Partner that is a 
corporation, association, partnership, 
limited liability company or trust, and (2) shall survive the assignment by 
the Partner of the whole or any 
portion of its interest, except that where the assignee of the whole thereof 
EFTA01397769
--- PAGE 103 ---
has appointed the General 
Partner as its true and lawful attorney in fact on the terms hereof, this 
power of attorney shall survive such 
assignment for the sole purpose of enabling the General Partner to execute, 
acknowledge and file any 
instrument necessary to effect any permitted substitution of the assignee 
for the assignor as a Partner and 
shall thereafter terminate. This power of attorney may be exercised by such 
attorney in fact and agent for 
each of the Limited Partners (or any of them) by a single signature of the 
General Partner acting as 
attorney in fact with or without listing all of the Limited Partners 
executing an instrument. 
14.7.2 Execution of Additional Documents 
Each Partner hereby agrees to execute all certificates, counterparts, 
amendments, instruments or 
documents that may be required by laws of the various jurisdictions in which 
the Partnership conducts its 
activities, to conform with the laws of such jurisdictions governing limited 
partnerships, or to comply 
with the terms of the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund. 
14.7.3 Limited Partner Information. 
Each Limited Partner further agrees that, upon request by the General 
Partner, such Limited Partner shall 
provide all information and documentation in its possession or that can 
reasonably be obtained by it 
necessary or desirable for, or reasonably requested by, the General Partner, 
as applicable, for the purpose 
of complying with the disclosure obligations to the Underlying Fund, or to 
respond to any inquires or 
requests regarding such Limited Partner made by (A) any potential limited 
partners or limited partners of 
the Underlying Fund or any parallel investment vehicles thereto, including, 
without limitation, state and 
municipal pension plans, (B) any governmental or quasi-governmental agency, 
(C) any regulatory or self regulatory 
body and (D) any bank or other financial institution as reasonably required 
to obtain credit 
facilities or borrowings as described in 4.2 of this Agreement, or in each 
case above to update such 
information. Each Limited Partner understands and agrees that any such 
information and/or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397770
--- PAGE 104 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
documentation may be provided, without the consent of such Limited Partner, 
to the requesting potential 
limited partner or limited partner of the Underlying Fund or any parallel 
investment vehicles thereto, 
governmental or quasigovernmental agency, regulatory or self-regulatory body 
or bank or other financial 
institution. 
14.7.4 Binding on Successors. 
This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the 
respective heirs, successors, 
permitted assigns and legal representatives of the parties hereto. 
14.7.5 Governing Law and Remedies for Breach. 
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the 
internal laws of the State of 
Delaware. In determining what action, if any, shall be taken against a 
Limited Partner in connection with 
such Limited Partner's breach of this Agreement, the General Partner shall 
seek to obtain the best result 
(as determined by the General Partner in its sole discretion) for the 
Partnership and the other Partners. 
Each Limited Partner hereby specifically agrees that, in the event such 
Limited Partner violates the terms 
of this Agreement, such Limited Partner shall not be entitled to claim that 
the Partnership or any of the 
other Partners are precluded, on the basis of any fiduciary or other duty 
arising in respect of such Limited 
Partner's status as such, from seeking any of the penalties or other 
remedies permitted under this 
Agreement or applicable law. 
14.7.6 Waiver of Partition. 
Each Partner hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights that it may have 
to maintain an action for 
partition of any of the Partnership's property. 
14.7.7 Securities Law Matters. 
Each Partner understands that in addition to the restrictions on transfer 
contained in this Agreement, it 
must bear the economic risks of its investment for an indefinite period 
because the Partnership interests 
have not been registered under the Securities Act or under any applicable 
securities laws of any state or 
other jurisdiction and, therefore, may not be sold or otherwise transferred 
unless they are registered under 
the Securities Act and any such other applicable securities laws or an 
exemption from such registration is 
available. 
14.7.8 Confidentiality. 
(a) A Limited Partner's rights to access or receive any information about 
the Partnership or 
its business including, without limitation, (i) information to which a 
EFTA01397771
--- PAGE 105 ---
Limited Partner is 
provided access pursuant to 14.2, (ii) financial statements, reports and 
other information 
provided pursuant to 14.3, (iii) the offering documents for the Partnership, 
this 
Agreement, any subscription agreement and any other related agreements, (iv) 
any 
documents or information provided to the Partnership by the Underlying Fund 
or any of 
its Affiliates, and (v) any information provided to any Limited Partner 
pursuant to a Side 
Letter or otherwise provided to a Limited Partner by the General Partner or 
its Affiliates, 
(the information in (i) through (v), the "Partnership Information"), are 
conditioned on 
such Limited Partner's agreement, willingness and ability to assure that the 
Partnership 
Information will be used solely by such Limited Partner for purposes 
reasonably related 
to such Limited Partner's interest as a Limited Partner, and that such 
Partnership 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397772
--- PAGE 106 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Information will not become publicly available as a result of such Limited 
Partner's 
rights to access or receive such Partnership Information. 
(b) 
Each Limited Partner acknowledges and agrees that the Partnership Information 
constitutes a valuable trade secret of the Partnership (or of the Underlying 
Fund to the 
extent such Partnership Information relates to the Underlying Fund) and 
agrees to 
maintain any Partnership Information provided to it in the strictest 
confidence and not to 
disclose the Partnership Information to any person other than to its 
officers, fiduciaries, 
employees, agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional 
advisors, who 
have a business need to know such Partnership Information, who have been 
informed of 
the confidential nature of such Partnership Information, and who are, either 
by the nature 
of their positions or duties or pursuant to written agreement, subject to 
substantially 
equivalent restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the 
Partnership 
Information as are set forth in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, each 
Limited Partner and each Limited Partner's employees, representatives and 
other agents, 
may disclose to their professional advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys 
and accountants) or to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. 
taxing authority, 
without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income and 
franchise tax 
treatment and U.S. federal and state income and franchise tax structure of 
the transactions 
contemplated hereby and all materials of any kind (including opinions or 
other tax 
analyses) that are provided to such Limited Partner relating to such tax 
treatment or tax 
structure insofar as such treatment and/or structure relates to a U.S. 
federal or state 
income or franchise tax strategy provided to such Limited Partner, provided, 
however, 
that no Limited Partner (and no employee, representative or other agent 
thereof) shall 
disclose any other information that is not relevant to understanding the tax 
treatment or 
tax structure of such transaction (including the identity of the party and 
any information 
EFTA01397773
--- PAGE 107 ---
that could lead another to determine the identity of any party) or any other 
information to 
the extent that such disclosure could reasonably result in violation of any 
U.S. federal or 
state securities law. With respect to any Limited Partner, the obligation to 
maintain the 
Partnership Information in confidence shall not apply to any Partnership 
Information 
(i) that becomes publicly available (other than by reason of a disclosure by 
a Limited 
Partner), (ii) the disclosure of which has been consented to by the General 
Partner in 
writing or (iii) the disclosure of which is required by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or 
other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law. Before any 
Limited 
Partner discloses Partnership Information pursuant to clause (iii), such 
Limited Partner 
shall promptly, and in any event prior to making any such disclosure, notify 
the General 
Partner of the court order, subpoena, interrogatories, government order or 
other reason 
that requires disclosure of the Partnership Information so that the General 
Partner may 
seek a protective order or other remedy to protect the confidentiality of 
the Partnership 
Information or waive compliance with this Agreement. Such Limited Partner 
shall also 
consult with the General Partner on the advisability of taking steps to 
eliminate or narrow 
the requirement to disclose the Partnership Information and shall otherwise 
cooperate 
with the efforts of the General Partner to obtain a protective order or 
other remedy to 
protect the Partnership Information. If a protective order or other remedy 
cannot be 
obtained, such Limited Partner shall disclose only that Partnership 
Information that its 
counsel advises in writing (which writing shall also be addressed and 
delivered to the 
Partnership) that it is legally required to disclose. 
(c) 
Each Limited Partner shall promptly notify the General Partner if it becomes 
aware of 
any reason, whether under law, regulation, policy or otherwise, that it 
will, or might 
become compelled to, use the Partnership Information other than as 
contemplated by 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397774
--- PAGE 108 ---
EFTA01397775
--- PAGE 109 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
14.7.8(a) or disclose Partnership Information in violation of the 
confidentiality 
restrictions in 14.7.8(b). 
(d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, with the 
exception of the 
Schedule K-1 or equivalent report to be provided to each Partner pursuant to 
14.2.2, the 
General Partner shall have the right not to provide any Limited Partner, for 
such period of 
time as the General Partner in good faith determines to be advisable, with 
any Partnership 
Information that such Limited Partner would otherwise be entitled to receive 
or to have 
access to pursuant to this Agreement (including without limitation pursuant 
to 14.2) or 
the Delaware Act if: (i) the Partnership or the General Partner is required 
by law or by 
agreement with a third party to keep such Partnership Information 
confidential; (ii) the 
General Partner in good faith believes that the disclosure of such 
Partnership Information 
to such Limited Partner is not in the best interest of the Partnership or 
could damage the 
Partnership or its business (which may include a determination by the 
General Partner 
that such Limited Partner or one or more of its equity holders is disclosing 
or may 
disclose such Partnership Information and that the potential of such 
disclosure by such 
Person is not in the best interest of the Partnership or could damage the 
Partnership or its 
business) or (iii) such Limited Partner has notified the General Partner of 
its election not 
to have access to, or to receive such Partnership Information. 
(e) 
The Limited Partners acknowledge and agree that: (i) the Partnership or the 
General 
Partner and its partners may acquire confidential information related to 
third parties that 
pursuant to fiduciary, contractual, legal or similar obligations cannot be 
disclosed to the 
Limited Partners; and (ii) neither the Partnership nor the General Partner 
and its equity 
holders shall be in breach of any duty under this Agreement or the Delaware 
Act in 
consequence of acquiring, holding or failing to disclose such information to 
the Limited 
Partners so long as such obligations were undertaken in good faith. 
(f) 
EFTA01397776
--- PAGE 110 ---
In addition to any other remedies available at law, the Partners agree that 
the Partnership 
shall be entitled to equitable relief, including, without limitation, the 
right to an injunction 
or restraining order, as a remedy for any failure by a Limited Partner to 
comply with its 
obligations with respect to the use and disclosure of Partnership 
Information, as set forth 
in 14.7.8(a) and 14.7.8(b). 
(g) 
To the maximum extent permitted by law and for the avoidance of doubt, the 
provisions 
of this 14.7.8 shall survive the withdrawal of any Partner from the 
Partnership and shall 
be enforceable against such Partner after such withdrawal. 
14.7.9 Contract Construction; Headings; Counterparts. 
Whenever the context of this Agreement permits, the masculine gender shall 
include the feminine and 
neuter genders, and reference to singular or plural shall be interchangeable 
with the other. The invalidity 
or unenforceability of any one or more provisions of this Agreement shall 
not affect the other provisions, 
and this Agreement shall be construed and reformed in all respects as if any 
such invalid or unenforceable 
provision(s) were omitted or, at the direction of a court, modified in order 
to give effect to the intent and 
purposes of this Agreement. References in this Agreement to particular 
Sections of the Code or the 
Delaware Act or any other statute shall be deemed 
or provisions as they may be 
amended after the date of this Agreement. Captions 
convenience only and do 
not define or limit any term of this Agreement. It 
parties that every covenant, term, 
and provision of this Agreement shall be construed 
fair meaning and not strictly 
for or against any party (notwithstanding any 
Agreement to be strictly construed 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
rule 
to refer to such Sections 
in this Agreement are for 
is the 
simply 
of law 
L.P. 
intention of the 
according to its 
requiring an 
EFTA01397777
--- PAGE 111 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
against the drafting party), it being understood that the parties to this 
Agreement are sophisticated and 
have had adequate opportunity and means to retain counsel to represent their 
interests and to otherwise 
negotiate the provisions of this Agreement. For purposes of the Delaware 
Act, the Limited Partners shall 
constitute a single class or group of limited partners. This Agreement or 
any amendment hereto may be 
signed in any number of counterparts, each of which when signed by the 
General Partner shall be an 
original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one agreement or 
amendment, as the case may be. 
14.7.10 Arbitration. 
Except as otherwise agreed to by the General Partner and a Limited Partner 
with respect to any particular 
controversy or claim, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to 
this Agreement shall be settled 
through binding arbitration in accordance with the rules of the American 
Arbitration Association, and 
judgment upon an award arising in connection therewith may be entered in any 
court of competent 
jurisdiction. Any arbitration, mediation, court action, or other 
adjudicative proceeding arising out of or 
relating to this Agreement shall be held in New York City, New York or, if 
such proceeding cannot be 
lawfully held in such location, as near thereto as applicable law permits. 
14.7.11 Side Letters. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the General 
Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, enter into a letter agreement or side letter with one or more 
Limited Partners (each, a "Side 
Letter") providing that the terms of this Agreement are amended and/or 
supplemented with respect to 
such Limited Partner and, with respect to any such Limited Partner, the 
terms of such Side Letter shall be 
controlling, and the terms of this Agreement shall be deemed amended, 
modified and/or supplemented to 
the extent required to effectuate the provisions of such Side Letters. Other 
than as amended, modified 
and/or supplemented by such Side Letter, this Agreement shall remain in full 
force and effect with respect 
to such Limited Partner, and shall remain in full force and effect without 
any modification with respect to 
a Limited Partner who is not party to such Side Letter. 
14.7.12 Entire Agreement. 
This Agreement, the subscription agreements , the Side Letters and any other 
writing between any 
Limited Partners and the General Partner or the Investment Manager entered 
into in connection herewith, 
EFTA01397778
--- PAGE 112 ---
shall constitute the entire agreement and understanding among the parties 
hereto with respect to the 
subject matter hereof and shall supersede any prior understanding or 
agreement, oral or written with 
respect thereto. 
14.7.13 Bad Actor Disqualification Information. 
The General Partner may from time to time conduct an inquiry of all Limited 
Partners whose 
Subscriptions equal or exceed 20% (or such lower percentage as necessitated 
by applicable law) of the 
Subscriptions of all Limited Partners (each, a "20% Holder") as to whether 
any 20% Holder is a "bad 
actor" within the meaning of Rule 506(d) under the Securities Act (a "Bad 
Actor"). If (a) any 20% 
Holder fails to provide any requested information to the General Partner 
within ten (10) Business Days 
after the date of the request therefor or (b) any 20% Holder indicates that 
it is a Bad Actor, then such 20% 
Holder agrees that (i) it shall not cast any vote in respect of any portion 
of its interest in the Partnership 
that represents 20% or more of the total Subscriptions of the Limited 
Partners, and (ii) the General Partner 
may take such actions as it deems appropriate with respect to such 20% 
Holder or otherwise in order to 
ensure that the Partnership may continue to rely on Rule 506 of Regulation D 
promulgated under the 
Securities Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the voting restrictions under 
this 14.7.13 shall cease as to 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397779
--- PAGE 113 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
a 20% Holder at such time as such 20% Holder certifies or recertifies to the 
General Partner that it is not a 
Bad Actor. 
[REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE LEFT BLANK INTENTIONALLY.] 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397780
--- PAGE 114 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
EFTA01397781
--- PAGE 115 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX I 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
DEFINITIONS 
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings 
set forth below (such 
meanings to be equally applicable to both singular and plural forms of the 
terms so defined). Additional 
defined terms are set forth in the provisions of this Agreement to which 
they relate. 
20% Holder 
As set forth in 14.7.13. 
Access Fund Default As set forth in 6.3.3. 
Additional Limited 
Partner 
Administrator 
Advisers Act 
Affiliate 
Agreement 
Alternative 
Investment Vehicles 
Anti-Money 
Laundering Laws 
Approved Agent 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
The administrator of the Partnership, as appointed by the General Partner. 
The United States Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
With respect to the Person to which it refers, a Person that directly or 
indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under 
common control with, such subject Person. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.5(a). 
As set forth in 3.3.3(a)(2). 
Means any agent for a Partner or, as the case may be, an agent or 
nominee (or both), if duly appointed, for the legally appointed: 
(i) representative of a Partner who is deceased; (ii) trustee in bankruptcy 
of a Partner who is bankrupt; or (iii) curator, guardian or receiver of a 
Partner who is mentally incapable of managing his affairs. The General 
Partner may, unless it has actual notice to the contrary, accept the 
written representation of an Approved Agent that such Approved Agent 
is the duly appointed agent or nominee (or both) of any Partner or of 
any of the Persons in (i), (ii) or (iii) above without further investigation 
or verification. 
BBA 
Beneficial Interest 
As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Has the meaning ascribed to it in Rule 5130. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
EFTA01397782
--- PAGE 116 ---
I-1 
EFTA01397783
--- PAGE 117 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Business Day 
Capital Account 
Carrying Value 
Each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday which is not a day 
on which banking institutions in the City of New York, New York, are 
required by law to remain closed. 
As set forth in 8.1.1. 
With respect to any asset, the asset's adjusted basis for federal income tax 
purposes; provided, however, that (i) the initial Carrying Value of any asset 
contributed to the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal its gross fair 
market 
value at the time of its contribution, and (ii) the Carrying Values of all 
assets 
held by the Partnership shall be adjusted to equal their respective gross 
fair 
market values (taking Section 7701(g) of the Code into account) upon an 
election by the Partnership to revalue its property in accordance with 
Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and upon liquidation of the 
Partnership. The Carrying Value of any asset whose Carrying Value was 
adjusted pursuant to the preceding sentence thereafter shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7041(b)(2)-
(iv)(g). 
Code 
Contribution 
The 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time, or any successor statute thereto, and, as applicable, the Treasury 
Regulations thereunder. 
With respect to any Partner at any time, the aggregate amount of capital 
contributions made to the Partnership by such Partner, adjusted in accordance 
with the other provisions of this Agreement, including, without limitation, 
2 
(relating to the return of contributions subject to subsequent drawdown) and 
6.3.2(a)(5), but excluding the contribution of an interest-equivalent amount 
pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4), the amount of any interest payable pursuant to 6.3.1 
and 6.3.2, and any other amounts contributed pursuant to 5 2.1.5, 11.1.8 or 
Article 12. 
Covered Company 
Partner 
Covered Company 
Person 
Covered Company 
Person Ownership 
Percentage 
Covered Person 
Credit Facility 
Default Rate 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Covered Company Person or (ii) a Person 
EFTA01397784
--- PAGE 118 ---
(other 
than an Exempt Entity) in which a Covered Company Person has a direct or 
indirect Beneficial Interest. 
Refers to a Person that is an executive officer or director of a "public 
company" or "covered non-public company" (in each case as defined in Rule 
5131) or a person "materially supported" (as defined in Rule 5131) by such an 
officer or director. 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Covered Company Persons with 
respect to a particular company. 
As set forth in 12.1.1. 
As set forth in 4.2. 
As set forth in 6.3.1. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-2 
EFTA01397785
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Defaulting Access 
Fund Investor 
Defaulting Partner 
Delaware Act 
Delayed Payment 
Interest 
ERISA 
ERISA Partner 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
As set forth in 6.3.2. 
As set forth in 2.1. 
Partnership income attributable to (a) interest paid by any Partner pursuant 
to 
6.3.1 and (b) interest on costs of collecting unpaid capital contributions 
paid by 
any Partner pursuant to 6.3.2. 
The United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and 
(unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations promulgated 
thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto. 
Any Limited Partner which (a) is (i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA and subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a 
"plan," as defined in Section 4975 of the Code, (iii) any other entity or 
account, any of the assets of which constitute "plan assets," within the 
meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA, of a plan described in (a)(i) or (a)(ii) 
above, or (iv) a nominee for, or is using the assets of, or is a trust 
established 
pursuant to, one or more such employee benefit plans or other plans, and 
(b) has notified the General Partner in writing of its status as an ERISA 
Partner. 
Exempt Entity 
An entity described in paragraph (c) of Rule 5130 as specifically eligible to 
purchase new issue securities, other than an entity described in subparagraph 
(c)(4) (i.e., an entity relying on the 10% "de minimis" exception under Rule 
5130). 
FATCA 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, all rules, regulations and other 
guidance issued thereunder, and all administrative and judicial 
interpretations 
thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to 1471(b)(1) of the Code, and 
all applicable intergovernmental agreements entered into between the United 
States and another country (or local country legislation enacted pursuant to 
such intergovernmental agreement). 
Feeder Fund 
Any feeder fund (including the Offshore Access Fund) that may be formed to 
invest all of the subscriptions made by the limited partners of such feeder 
fund 
in the Partnership and that is designated as a Feeder Fund by the General 
Partner. 
Final Closing Date 
EFTA01397786
--- PAGE 120 ---
Freely Tradable 
Security 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
Any security that satisfies the following conditions: 
(a) The Partnership's entire holding of such securities can be immediately 
sold by the Partnership to the general public without the necessity of any 
federal, state or local government consent, approval or filing (other than 
any 
notice filings of the type required pursuant to Rule 144(h) under the 
Securities 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-3 
EFTA01397787
--- PAGE 121 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
Act or Section 13 or 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), 
and 
(b) Such securities are either listed on a national securities exchange or 
market quotations are readily available for such security. 
If only a portion of the Partnership's holdings of securities satisfies the 
requirements of the preceding sentence, that portion of the Partnership's 
holdings of such securities shall constitute Freely Tradable Securities. In 
addition to the foregoing, in the case of a distribution or proposed 
distribution 
of securities in kind, such securities shall also constitute Freely Tradable 
Securities if the entire portion of the distribution made to the Limited 
Partners 
can be immediately sold by them under the terms provided for in clause (a) of 
this definition and the condition provided for in clause (b) of this 
definition is 
satisfied, assuming for purposes of this sentence that no Limited Partner is 
or 
has been an Affiliate of the issuer of such securities and without regard to 
any 
restrictions on sale applicable to particular Limited Partners because of the 
particular nature or status of such Limited Partners. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may subject such Freely 
Tradable Securities to such conditions and restrictions as the General 
Partner 
determines are necessary or appropriate to preserve the value of such Freely 
Tradable Securities or for legal reasons. 
General Partner 
Indemnitee 
Initial Agreement 
Initial Closing Date 
Initial Drawdown 
Date 
Initial Limited 
Partner 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment Manager 
Initially, the entity named as General Partner in the introductory paragraph 
of 
this Agreement, and any successor General Partner. 
As set forth in 12.2.1. 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph to this Agreement. 
As set forth in 3.3.1(a). 
As set forth in 6.1.2. 
Michael Stanton 
The Investment Company Act of 1940, as from time to time amended and in 
effect. 
Means iCapital Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, or a 
successor management company appointed by the Partnership in accordance 
EFTA01397788
--- PAGE 122 ---
with the terms of this Agreement and the Management Agreement. 
Investment Subsidiary As set forth in 3.5(f). 
Limited Partners 
Those Persons listed in the List of Partners as limited partners, together 
with 
any additional or substituted limited partners admitted to the Partnership 
after 
the date hereof. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-4 
EFTA01397789
--- PAGE 123 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
List of Partners 
Management 
Agreement 
Management Fee 
The list, maintained by the General Partner, setting forth the names, 
addresses, 
facsimile numbers, electronic mail addresses and Subscriptions of the 
Partners. 
Means the Management Agreement between the Partnership and the 
Investment Manager, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the terms thereof. 
As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
Management Fee Rate As set forth in 5.2.2.1. 
Net Gain or Loss 
The profit or loss of the Partnership determined, in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax accounting principles, excluding any items specially 
allocated pursuant to 8.2.2, 8.2.3 or 8.3, and computed with the following 
adjustments: 
(i) 
Items of gain, loss, and deduction shall be computed based upon the 
Carrying Values of the Partnership's assets (in accordance with Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) and/or 1.704-3(d)) rather than upon 
the assets' adjusted bases for federal income tax purposes; 
(ii) Any tax-exempt income received by the Partnership shall be included 
as an item of gross income; 
(iii) Any expenditure of the Partnership described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) 
of the Code (including any expenditures treated as being described in 
Section 705(a)(2)(B) pursuant to Treasury Regulations under Section 704(b) of 
the Code) shall be treated as a deductible expense; 
(iv) The amount of any adjustment to the Carrying Value of any 
Partnership asset pursuant to Section 734(b) or Section 743(b) of the Code 
that 
is required to be reflected in the Capital Accounts of the Partners pursuant 
to 
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) shall be treated as an item 
of 
gain (if the adjustment is positive) or loss (if the adjustment is 
negative), and 
only such amount of the adjustment shall thereafter be taken into account in 
computing items of income and deduction; 
(v) The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss attributable to an 
asset at the time it is distributed in kind to a Partner (or to any Approved 
Agent 
on behalf of a Partner) shall be included in the computation as an item of 
income or loss, respectively; and 
(vi) The amount of any unrealized gain or unrealized loss with respect to 
the assets of the Partnership that is reflected in an adjustment to the 
Carrying 
Values of the Partnership's assets pursuant to clause (ii) of the definition 
EFTA01397790
--- PAGE 124 ---
of 
"Carrying Value" shall be included in the computation as items of income or 
loss, respectively. 
Nonrecourse Liability Has the meaning set forth in Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.704-2(b)(3). 
Non-Voting Interest A limited partnership interest in the Partnership that 
does not entitle the holder 
to vote, consent or withhold consent with respect to any Partnership matter. 
Contributions attributable to Non-Voting Interests shall be disregarded, for 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-5 
EFTA01397791
--- PAGE 125 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
purposes of 13.2, in determining both the aggregate Contributions of all 
Limited Partners and the aggregate Contributions of those Limited Partners 
voting in favor of or against a particular proposal. Except as otherwise 
explicitly provided in this Agreement, any interest held by any Person as a 
Non-Voting Interest shall be identical to all other limited partnership 
interests 
in all respects other than with regard to votes and consents. 
Offshore Access Fund Means Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P., a 
Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
All expenses that are attributable to the organization of the General 
Partner, the 
Partnership and any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund and the sale of 
interests in the Partnership, any Parallel Access Fund or Feeder Fund to the 
Limited Partners of the respective funds incurred by the General Partner, 
Investment Manager and their Affiliates (including legal, travel, accounting, 
tax advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital raising and other expenses 
and 
marketing costs, other organizational and start-up expenses of the General 
Partner and certain legal and third-party provider costs). For the avoidance 
of 
doubt, the foregoing organizational expenses do not include expenses incurred 
by the Placement Agents. 
Parallel Access Fund As set forth in 3.6. 
Partner Interest 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt 
Partner Nonrecourse 
Debt Minimum Gain 
Partners 
Partnership 
Partnership 
Information 
As set forth in 6.2.1. 
Has the same meaning as the term "partner nonrecourse debt" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(b)(4). 
An amount, with respect to each Partner Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the 
Partnership Minimum Gain that would result if the Partner Nonrecourse Debt 
were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined in accordance with 
Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(3). 
As set forth in the introductory paragraph of this Agreement. 
As set forth in the second paragraph of this Agreement. 
Partnership Expenses As set forth in 5.2.1.1. 
As set forth in 14.7.8(a). 
Partnership Minimum 
Gain 
Partnership 
EFTA01397792
--- PAGE 126 ---
Representative 
Percentage Interest 
Has the same meaning as the term "partnership minimum gain" set forth in 
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d). 
As set forth in 14.6.2(b). 
The ratio of a Partner's Contributions to all of the Partners' Contributions; 
provided that, the General Partner, in its reasonable discretion, can adjust 
the 
Percentage Interests of the Partners (i) to reflect any default by a Partner 
with 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-6 
EFTA01397793
--- PAGE 127 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
respect to one or more capital calls, and (ii) in connection with the initial 
capital commitment of any Partner to take into account that they have not yet 
made a Contribution. For the avoidance of doubt, payments of Management 
Fees by Limited Partners shall not be considered "Contributions" for purposes 
of the definition of "Percentage Interest". 
Person 
Any individual, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability 
partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint venture, trust, 
business trust, cooperative or association and the heirs, executors, 
administrators, legal representative, successors and assigns of such Person 
where the context so permits. 
Placement Agent 
Means the third-party placement agents utilized by the Partnership. 
Plan Assets Regulation The regulation concerning the definition of "plan 
assets" under ERISA 
adopted by the United States Department of Labor and codified in 29 C.F.R. 
§2510.3-101 or any successor regulation promulgated pursuant to 
Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
Prime Rate 
As of any date, the prime rate of interest in effect on such date as 
reported in 
The Wall Street Journal. 
Regulatory Allocations As set forth in Part 1.6 of Appendix II. 
Restricted Person 
Refers to a Person that is (i) a "restricted person" within the meaning of 
Rule 
5130 and (ii) not either an Exempt Entity or a Person whose only Beneficial 
Interest in the Partnership is an indirect interest held through an Exempt 
Entity. 
Restricted Person 
Ownership Percentage 
Restricted Person 
Partner 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
Subscription 
Tax Liability 
Temporary 
Investments 
Means the percentage of the Beneficial Interests in the Partnership that are 
held in the aggregate directly or indirectly by Restricted Persons. 
Refers to a Partner that is (i) a Restricted Person or (ii) a Person in 
which a 
Restricted Person has a direct or indirect Beneficial Interest. 
The United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, or 
any successor statute thereto. 
As set forth in 14.7.11. 
With respect to any Partner, the total amount that such Partner has agreed to 
contribute to the Partnership as set forth in the List of Partners exclusive 
EFTA01397794
--- PAGE 128 ---
of 
any interest equivalent amounts pursuant to 3.3.1(a)(4). 
As set forth in 7.4.1. 
Tax Matters Partner As set forth in 14.6.2(a). 
Short-term investments of cash pending distribution or use by the Partnership 
to pay expenses or to make contributions to the Underlying Fund, which shall 
be limited to (i) cash or cash equivalents, (ii) commercial paper rated no 
lower 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-7 
EFTA01397795
--- PAGE 129 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
than "A-1" by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services or "P-1" by Moody's 
Investors Service, Inc., or a comparable rating by a comparable rating 
agency, 
(iii) obligations of the United States or (iv) certificates of deposit 
issued by, or 
other deposit obligations of, commercial banks chartered by the United 
States, 
any state thereof, the District of Columbia, or any member nation of the 
European Union, each having, at the date of acquisition by the Partnership, 
combined capital and surplus of at least $500,000,000 or the equivalent 
thereof, in each case maturing in one year or less at the time of investment 
by 
the Partnership. 
Third-Party 
Indemnifiers 
Transfer 
Transfer Expenses 
Any Person (other than the Partnership and the General Partner) that is 
legally 
or contractually obligated to make indemnification payments (or equivalent 
payments pursuant to an insurance policy or similar arrangement) to an 
Indemnitee. 
As set forth in 11.1.1. 
As set forth in 11.1.8. 
Treasury Regulations The regulations promulgated by the United States 
Department of the Treasury 
under the Code, as amended. 
Underlying Fund 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities IV, LP, an English private fund 
limited partnership, together with any parallel funds and alternative 
investment 
vehicles formed in accordance with the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Defaulting Partner 
United States; U.S. 
As set forth in 6.3.3. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
I-8 
EFTA01397796
--- PAGE 130 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
APPENDIX II 
REGULATORY AND TAX ALLOCATIONS 
The provisions of this Appendix II are included in order to enable the 
Partnership to comply with the 
requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). 
Regulatory Allocations and Allocations Involving Nonrecourse Indebtedness. 
The following 
provisions are included in order to comply with tax rules set forth in the 
Internal Revenue Code and to 
permit the Partnership to obtain the benefits of a "safe harbor" provided by 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and apply notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in 8.2 and 8.3. 
1.1 Minimum Gain Chargeback. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
adjustments 
contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable 
period shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the manner and to the minimum extent required by the "minimum 
gain chargeback" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f) and Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(i)(4). 
1.2 Nonrecourse Deductions. All "nonrecourse deductions" (as defined in 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-2(b)(1)) of the Partnership for any year shall be allocated to 
the Partners in accordance with 
their respective Contributions; provided, however, that nonrecourse 
deductions attributable to "partner 
nonrecourse debt" (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) 
shall be allocated to the 
Partners in accordance with the provisions of Treasury Regulation Section 
1.704-2(i)(1) 
1.3 
Limit on Loss and Deduction Allocations. In no event shall any items of loss 
or deduction 
(computed with the adjustments contained in the definition of "Net Gain" and 
"Net Loss") be allocated 
to a Partner if such allocation would cause or increase a negative balance 
in such Partner's Capital 
Account (determined for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital 
Account balance by the amount 
the Partner is obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of 
Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to 
Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-2(g) and 1.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts 
specified in Treasury Regulation 
Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6)). 
1.4 Qualified Income Offset. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
EFTA01397797
--- PAGE 131 ---
adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be 
allocated to the Partners in 
the manner and to the extent required by the "qualified income offset" 
provisions of Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) 
1.5 Gross Income Allocation. Items of income or gain (computed with the 
adjustments contained in 
the definition of "Net Gain" and "Net Loss") for any taxable period shall be 
allocated to the Partners in 
the amount of (and in proportion to) any negative balance in such Partner's 
Capital Account (determined 
for this purpose, by increasing the Partner's Capital Account balance by the 
amount the Partner is 
obligated to restore to the Partnership within the meaning of Treasury 
Regulation Section 1.7041(b)(2)(ii)(c) 
or is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 
1.704-2(g) and 
1.704-2(i)(5) and decreasing it by the amounts specified in Treasury 
Regulation Sections 1.7041(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), 
(5) and (6)). 
Adjustments to Reflect Changes in Interests. 
With respect to any fiscal period during which any Partner's interest in the 
Partnership changes, 
allocations under this Agreement (including 6.3.2 and 8.3) shall be adjusted 
appropriately to take into 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
II-1 
EFTA01397798
--- PAGE 132 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential 
account the varying interests of the Partners during such period in 
accordance with the requirements of 
Section 706(d) of the Code and the Regulations thereunder. 
Special Allocations to Reflect Economic Interests. 
The General Partner is authorized to modify the allocations otherwise 
provided for under Article 8 and 
this Appendix II, including by specially allocating items of gross income, 
gain, loss, or expense among 
the Partners, if advised by the Partnership's tax advisors that such 
modifications or such special 
allocations will cause the Capital Accounts of the Partners to reflect more 
closely the Partners' relative 
economic interests in the Partnership as set forth in Article 7 and Article 
10. 
4. 
Tax Allocations. 
Except as otherwise provided in the Agreement or this Appendix II or as 
required by Section 704 of the 
Code, for tax purposes, all items of income, gain, loss, deduction or credit 
shall be allocated to the 
Partners in the same manner as are Net Gains and Net Losses and other items 
allocated pursuant to Article 
and the other provisions of this Appendix II; provided, however, that if 
the Carrying Value of any 
property of the Partnership differs from its adjusted basis for tax 
purposes, then items of income, gain, 
loss, deduction or credit related to such property for tax purposes shall be 
allocated among the Partners so 
as to take account of the variation between the adjusted basis of the 
property for tax purposes and its 
Carrying Value in the manner provided for under Section 704(c) of the Code. 
* * * 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement 
II-2 
EFTA01397799

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01397800.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01397800.pdf
----------------------------------------
Greg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential — Private Placement Memorandum 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
An "Access Fund" into Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP 
Offering of 
Limited Partner Interests 
January 2018 
Important Disclosures 
EFTA01397800
--- PAGE 2 ---
Greg Martin 
This confidential private placement memorandum (as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, this 
"Memorandum") is furnished on a confidential basis by iCapital Advisors, LLC 
or an affiliate (the "Investment 
Manager") to a limited number of sophisticated investors ("Investors") for 
the purpose of providing certain 
information about an investment in limited partner interests (the 
"Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the "Access 
Fund"). The Access Fund expects 
to invest substantially all of its assets in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English 
private fund limited partnership (together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if 
applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). 
The Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (as supplemented 
by the Supplement to the Confidential Private Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017 and as may be 
amended, restated and/or further supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") is attached 
hereto on a confidential basis as Appendix A and is incorporated herein by 
reference. The investment and 
business objective of the Access Fund is to acquire a direct limited partner 
interest in the Underlying Fund. The 
Underlying Fund PPM is an integral part of this Memorandum, therefore, 
prospective investors should carefully 
read the Underlying Fund PPM. This Memorandum is qualified in its entirety 
by the Underlying Fund PPM and 
the limited partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund (as may be amended 
or otherwise supplemented from 
time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA"), which shall be provided upon 
request by Glendower Access 
Secondary Opportunities IV GP LLC (the "General Partner") or Investment 
Manager. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in this 
Memorandum relating to the 
Underlying Fund and the Underlying Fund PPM, the Underlying Fund PPM shall 
control. In the event of any 
conflict or inconsistency between such reference or terms described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM and the 
Underlying Fund LPA, the Underlying Fund LPA shall control. Neither the 
Interests nor the interests in the 
Underlying Fund have been recommended, approved or disapproved by the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the "SEC"), or by any other U.S. federal or state securities 
commission, regulatory authority, or 
any non-U.S. securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the 
foregoing authorities have not 
confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. Any 
EFTA01397801
--- PAGE 3 ---
representation to the contrary 
may be a criminal offense. 
Neither the Interests nor the interests in the Underlying Fund have been 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or the securities laws of any 
U.S. state or the securities laws of any 
other country or jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the 
U.S. in reliance upon the exemptions provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated thereunder 
and other exemptions of similar import in the laws of the states and 
jurisdictions where the offering will be made, 
and in compliance with any applicable U.S. state or other securities laws. 
The Interests may not be sold or 
transferred (i) except as permitted under the Partnership Agreement and (ii) 
in compliance with all applicable 
U.S. federal, state and non-U.S. securities laws and any contractual 
restrictions imposed by the Underlying Fund. 
It is not expected that the Interests or the interests in the Underlying 
Fund will be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other securities laws. Neither the Access Fund nor the 
Underlying Fund will be registered as an 
investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the "Investment Company 
Act"). Consequently, investors will not be afforded the protections of the 
Investment Company Act. The 
Interests are being offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be a U.S. person that is (x) an "accredited investor" as 
defined within the meaning of 
Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, (y) a 
"qualified purchaser" as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act and (z) a "qualified client," 
as defined in the U.S. Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Advisers Act"). There is no public 
market for the Interests, and no 
such market is expected to develop in the future. Neither the General 
Partner nor the Investment Manager is 
authorized or expected to become authorized under the European Union's 
Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the date of this 
Memorandum, and the substantive 
requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative Investment Fund 
Manager" ("AIFM") under the AIFM 
Directive or any national implementing law are not applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Investment Manager will market interests 
(or permit interests to be marketed 
on their behalf) to any prospective investor located, resident or domiciled 
or with a registered office in or 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397802
--- PAGE 4 ---
-ii 
EFTA01397803
--- PAGE 5 ---
Greg Martin 
organize under the laws of a relevant member state (each, a "Member State") 
of the European Economic Area 
("EEA")1 when such marketing is reasonably likely to give rise to the 
application of any requirement of the 
AIFM Directive to the General Partner or the Investment Manager. In the 
event a prospective investor 
inadvertently receives this Memorandum while located in the EEA, the 
prospective investor should disregard 
this Memorandum and return the Memorandum to the applicable Placement Agent 
(as defined below). 
Investment in the Access Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors 
and requires the financial ability and 
willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity inherent in an 
investment in the Access Fund. Investors 
in the Access Fund must be prepared to bear such risks for an extended 
period of time. No assurance can be 
given that the Access Fund's investment objectives will be achieved, that 
investors will receive a return of their 
capital or that substantial losses will be avoided. Investors could lose the 
entire value of their investment. 
Purchasers of Interests will not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, 
will have no direct interest in 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or 
recourse, and may not bring an action against, the Underlying Fund or the 
general partner of the 
Underlying Fund (the "Glendower GP") and their respective affiliates or any 
of their respective advisors, 
officers, directors, employees, partners or members (together with the 
Glendower GP, Glendower Capital, 
LLP and Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, "Glendower") for any breach of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, the Access Fund may bring legal action 
against the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower only at the initiative of the General Partner or the Investment 
Manager, as a delegate of 
the General Partner. None of the Underlying Fund or Glendower: (i) is 
responsible for the organization, 
operation or management of the Access Fund; (ii) has participated in, or is 
responsible for, the offering of 
Interests; (iii) has participated, or will participate, in the preparation 
of, or shall be responsible for, the 
contents of any of this Memorandum (other than Appendix A), the Partnership 
Agreement, the 
subscription agreement and related documents thereto, (the "Subscription 
Agreement") or any related 
agreements, instruments or accompanying sales documentation; (iv) makes any 
representation with 
respect to the adequacy or sufficiency of the information contained in this 
Memorandum to any investor 
EFTA01397804
--- PAGE 6 ---
in the Access Fund regarding the Underlying Fund or 
responsibility to update any 
information contained herein for the purpose of the 
(v) has endorsed or made any 
recommendations, representations or warranties with 
Interests; or (vi) is acting as a 
fiduciary or is providing investment advice with respect to the Interests. 
Furthermore, Glendower has 
not made any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to 
the fairness, correctness, 
accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of any of the information contained 
in this Memorandum, and 
it expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability therefor. Glendower 
has no responsibility to update 
any of the information provided in this Memorandum. The information 
contained herein relating to the 
Underlying Fund, including, the information contained in the appendices 
hereto, was obtained from 
Glendower. Such information contained in this Memorandum does not purport to 
be complete and is 
subject to the more detailed information 
operational documents of 
the Underlying Fund, which documents may 
modified from time to 
time. None of the Placement Agents, the Access Fund, the General Partner 
the Investment Manager 
participated in the preparation of such documents or any underlying 
information obtained from such 
documents or conducted any due diligence or verification efforts with 
respect thereto, and none of them 
makes any representation regarding, and each 
liability or responsibility 
to any Investor in the Access Fund for, such 
information relating to the 
Underlying Fund set forth therein or omitted 
Interests is not, and should not 
be considered, an offering of interests in the 
Access Fund is being 
established to invest in the Underlying Fund, 
affiliate of the Underlying Fund 
or Glendower and an investment in the Access 
investment in the Underlying 
Fund. Furthermore, the offering of Interests 
considered, an offering of direct or 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
undertakes any 
offering of Interests; 
respect to the 
in the Underlying Fund PPM and the 
be amended, restated or otherwise 
or 
of them expressly disclaims any 
information or any other 
therefrom. The offering of 
Underlying Fund. Although the 
the Access Fund is not an 
Fund is different from an 
is not, and should not be 
EFTA01397805
--- PAGE 7 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iii 
EFTA01397806
--- PAGE 8 ---
Greg Martin 
indirect interests in other funds managed or under the control of Glendower. 
Moreover, none of the 
limited partners of the Access Fund (the "Limited Partners"), the General 
Partner, Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates has either (i) the right to 
participate in the control, management or 
operations of the Underlying Fund or (ii) 
commit the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower or any of their respective affiliates. 
the right to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Access 
any of their respective 
affiliates or (ii) the power to legally bind or commit the Access Fund, the 
General Partner or any of their 
respective affiliates except in certain limited circumstances set forth in 
the Underlying Fund LPA. If the 
Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with respect to its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited Partner or 
otherwise, the Underlying Fund may 
(but is not required to) exercise various remedies against the Access Fund 
and/or its Limited Partners on 
a look through basis, including forfeiture of all of its investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management fees, 
custodial accounting and 
other service fees, performance allocations and other expenses that will 
reduce returns and returns to 
Limited Partners are likely to be lower than those from a direct investment 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Nothing contained in this paragraph or elsewhere in this Memorandum shall 
constitute a waiver by any 
investor or potential investor in the Access Fund of any of its legal rights 
under applicable U.S. federal 
securities laws or any other laws whose applicability is not permitted to be 
contractually waived. By 
subscribing for an interest in the Access Fund, each Limited Partner will be 
deemed to agree that 
Glendower will be a third-party beneficiary of this paragraph. 
The historical investment performance incorporated herein provides no 
assurance of the future performance of 
the Underlying Fund or of the future performance of the Access Fund and is 
not indicative of future results. 
There can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will achieve comparable 
results. Return calculations in the 
Underlying Fund PPM include valuations for unrealized investments. Actual 
realized returns on unrealized 
investments will depend on, among other factors, future operating results, 
market conditions at the time of 
disposition, legal and contractual restrictions on transfer that may limit 
the power to legally bind or 
No Glendower entity has (i) 
Fund, the General Partner or 
EFTA01397807
--- PAGE 9 ---
liquidity, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of disposition, all of which may differ from the 
assumptions and valuations used in 
the historical investment performance data incorporated herein. Accordingly, 
the actual realized returns on 
unrealized investments may differ materially from the returns incorporated 
herein. There can be no assurance 
that the Underlying Fund will be able to implement its investment strategy, 
achieve its investment objective or 
avoid substantial losses. 
This Memorandum contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified 
by the use of forward-looking 
terminology such as "may," "seek," "expect," "estimate," or "believe" or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are statements 
that are not historical facts, 
including statements about beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this 
Memorandum that contains 
intentions, beliefs, expectations or predictions (and the assumptions 
underlying them) is a forward-looking 
statement. These assumptions are based on plans, estimates, and projections, 
as they are currently available. 
Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are 
made, and none of the Underlying Fund, 
Glendower, the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager or 
any of their respective affiliates 
undertakes to update any of them in light of new information or future 
events. Forward-looking statements 
involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors 
could therefore cause actual results of 
the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking 
statement. 
The terms of the Underlying Fund have not been finalized and may be subject 
to change in connection with 
continuing negotiation with prospective investors. The final terms of the 
Underlying Fund may be different 
from those summarized herein or provided in the materials incorporated by 
reference herein. A prospective 
investor should not invest unless it is able to sustain the loss of all or a 
significant portion of its investment. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the Access Fund and the 
terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved, not all of 
which are discussed in this Memorandum. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-iv 
EFTA01397808
--- PAGE 10 ---
Greg Martin 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, investment, or 
accounting advice. Each prospective investor is urged to consult with its 
own advisors with respect to the legal, 
tax, regulatory, financial, and accounting consequences of an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
This Memorandum is not a prospectus and does not purport to contain all 
information an investor may require 
to form an investment decision. It is not intended to be relied upon solely 
in relation to, and must not be taken 
solely as the basis for, an investment decision. This Memorandum contains a 
summary of the Partnership 
Agreement, the Subscription Agreement and certain other documents referred 
to herein. However, the 
summaries set forth in this Memorandum do not purport to be complete and are 
subject to and qualified in their 
entirety by reference to the Partnership Agreement, Subscription Agreement 
and such other documents, copies 
of which will be provided to any prospective investor upon request and which 
should be reviewed for complete 
information concerning the rights, privileges, and obligations of investors 
in the Access Fund. In the event that 
the descriptions or terms in this Memorandum are inconsistent with or 
contrary to the descriptions in or terms of 
the Partnership Agreement or such other documents, the Partnership Agreement 
and such other documents shall 
control. The General Partner reserves the right to modify the terms of the 
offering and the Interests described in 
this Memorandum. The Interests are offered subject to the General Partner's 
ability to reject any prospective 
investor's commitment, in whole or in part, in its sole discretion. 
By executing a Subscription Agreement, an Investor (i) agrees to be, and 
upon acceptance of such subscription 
by the General Partner shall be, bound as a Limited Partner of the Access 
Fund by the terms, provisions and 
requirements applicable to interests and Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
as set forth in the Partnership 
Agreement, as such Partnership Agreement may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time, and (ii) 
acknowledges the terms, provisions and requirements set forth herein and 
therein that are applicable to the 
Access Fund, the General Partner and the Investment Manager, as the case may 
be. 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to comply with 
U.S. Treasury Regulations 
Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each investor (and any employee, representative, 
or other agent of such investor) may 
disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. 
federal, state, or local income tax 
treatment and tax structure of the Access Fund or any transactions 
EFTA01397809
--- PAGE 11 ---
undertaken by the Access Fund, it being 
understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the name of, or any other 
identifying information regarding (A) the 
Access Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in 
the Access Fund, or (B) any investment 
or transaction entered into by the Access Fund, and (ii) any performance 
information relating to the Access Fund 
or its investments. 
You are hereby informed that (a) the information contained in this 
Memorandum is not intended or written to be 
used, and cannot be used, by an investor for the purpose of avoiding 
penalties that the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service may attempt to impose on such investor, (b) the information was 
written to support the promotion or 
marketing of the transactions or marketing of the transactions or matters 
addressed by the written information 
and (c) investors should seek advice based on their particular circumstances 
from an independent tax advisor. 
During the course of the offering and prior to a purchase of Interests by a 
prospective investor, each offeree of 
the Interests and its purchaser representative(s), if any, are invited to 
meet with representatives of the Access 
Fund and to discuss with, ask questions of, and receive answers from such 
representatives concerning the terms 
and conditions of the offering, and to obtain any additional information, to 
the extent that such representatives 
possess such information or can acquire it without unreasonable effort or 
expense, necessary to verify the 
information contained in this Memorandum. Subject to the foregoing, any 
representation or information not 
contained herein must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the Placement 
Agents, or any of their respective 
affiliates since no person has been authorized to make any such 
representations or to provide any such 
information. The delivery of this Memorandum does not imply that the 
information contained herein is correct 
as of any date subsequent to the date on the cover hereof or, if earlier, 
the date when such information is 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-v 
EFTA01397810
--- PAGE 12 ---
Greg Martin 
referenced. Neither Glendower nor the Underlying Fund is responsible for 
updating any information provided 
in this Memorandum. 
The minimum subscription for Interests is $250,000, although the General 
Partner may accept subscriptions to 
the Access Fund for lesser amounts in its sole discretion. The distribution 
of this Memorandum and the offer 
and sale of the Interests in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
This Memorandum does not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy in any state or 
other jurisdiction to any person to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such state or jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and this Memorandum may not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction, except 
in accordance with the legal requirements applicable to such jurisdiction. 
This Memorandum contains confidential, proprietary, trade secret, and other 
commercially sensitive 
information and should be treated in a confidential manner. The acceptance 
of this document constitutes an 
agreement to: (i) keep confidential all the information contained in this 
Memorandum and the Underlying Fund 
PPM, as well as any information derived from the information contained in 
this Memorandum (collectively, 
"Confidential Information") and not disclose any such Confidential 
Information to any other person, (ii) not 
use any of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than to 
evaluate an investment in the Access Fund, 
(iii) not use the Confidential Information for purposes of trading any 
security or other financial interests on the 
basis of any such information and (iv) promptly return this Memorandum and 
any copies hereof to the General 
Partner upon the General Partner's request, in each case subject to the 
confidentiality provisions more fully set 
forth in this Memorandum and any written agreement between the recipient and 
the General Partner or 
Investment Manager, if any. 
For additional information, please contact: 
Investor Relations 
Institutional Capital Network, Inc 
(212) 994-7333 
ir@icapitalnetwork.com 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vi 
EFTA01397811
--- PAGE 13 ---
IppliGreg Martin 
AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF THE ACCESS FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE 
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY ANY 
U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY 
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
THIS MEMORANDUM SUPERSEDES ANY AND ALL TERM SHEETS, PITCH BOOKS, 
PRELIMINARY INVESTMENT PROPOSALS OR ANY OTHER OFFERING LITERATURE 
DELIVERED TO A PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR PRIOR TO THE DATE OF DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM TO SUCH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. 
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN 
THIS MEMORANDUM AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, SUCH INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION 
MUST NOT BE RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE ACCESS FUND, THE 
GENERAL PARTNER, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, GLENDOWER, OR ANY OF THEIR 
AFFILIATES (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, 
MEMBERS, PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS OR AGENTS). ANY PURCHASE OF INTERESTS 
MADE BY ANY INVESTOR ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATIONS NOT 
CONTAINED HEREIN OR INCONSISTENT HEREWITH SHALL BE SOLELY AT THE RISK OF 
SUCH INVESTOR. 
EACH RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM ACKNOWLEDGES THAT PROSPECTIVE LIMITED 
PARTNERS IN THE UNDERLYING FUND HAVE RECEIVED CERTAIN MATERIALS PREPARED 
BY GLENDOWER THAT MAY CONTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
UNDERLYING FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO, WHICH HAVE NOT BEEN INCLUDED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM. SUCH INFORMATION, HAD IT BEEN PROVIDED TO THE INVESTOR, MAY 
HAVE BEEN MATERIAL TO THE INVESTOR'S DECISION WHETHER OR NOT TO INVEST IN 
THE ACCESS FUND. BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH INVESTOR AGREES TO 
THE FOREGOING. 
THE INTERESTS ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND 
MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR 
EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD OF TIME. 
EACH HOLDER OF INTERESTS WILL BE REQUIRED UPON REQUEST BY THE GENERAL 
PARTNER TO CERTIFY AS TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP OF SUCH INTERESTS AND ANY 
INTEREST THEREIN IN ORDER TO ASSURE THAT THE ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND WILL 
NOT BE PLAN ASSETS UNDER THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED. IT IS INTENDED THAT THE TOTAL NUMBER OF INTERESTS THAT MAY 
BE PURCHASED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF FUNDS MAY BE LIMITED, AND EACH INVESTOR 
WHO BECOMES A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE ACCESS FUND AND ANY SUBSEQUENT 
TRANSFEREE WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INFORMATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
REGARDING THE SOURCE OF FUNDS USED TO ACQUIRE THE INTERESTS. TO BE 
EFFECTIVE, ALL TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS MUST BE RECORDED IN THE LIST OF 
PARTNERS OF THE ACCESS FUND MAINTAINED BY THE GENERAL PARTNER. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-vii 
EFTA01397812
--- PAGE 14 ---
Greg Martin 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT 
ALTHOUGH THE ACCESS FUND IS PERMITTED TO DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY TRADE 
COMMODITY FUTURES, SWAPS AND/OR OTHER COMMODITY INTERESTS (COLLECTIVELY, 
"COMMODITY INTERESTS"), THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION 
WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION ("CFTC") AS A COMMODITY 
POOL OPERATOR ("CPO") AND PLANS TO FILE WITH THE NATIONAL FUTURES 
ASSOCIATION (THE "NFA") A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE 
CFTC AS A CPO PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A 
REGISTERED 
CPO, THE GENERAL PARTNER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
WITH A CFTC COMPLIANT DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT, NOR IS IT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE 
INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF 
CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO A REGISTERED CPO. IN ADDITION, BY VIRTUE OF ITS 
RELIANCE ON CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(3), THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL BE EXEMPT PURSUANT 
TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(5) FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY 
TRADING ADVISOR ("CTA") WITH RESPECT TO ADVICE THAT IT PROVIDES TO THE ACCESS 
FUND, AND AS SUCH IT WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO SATISFY CERTAIN DISCLOSURE AND 
OTHER REQUIREMENTS UNDER CFTC RULES. THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE 
MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN 
OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS NOT REVIEW OR APPROVED 
THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THE GENERAL PARTNER WILL RELY UPON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO REGISTRATION 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3) (AND, CORRELATIVELY, THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.14(a)(5)) BECAUSE (AMONG MEETING OTHER REQUIREMENTS): (I) THE INTERESTS IN 
THE 
ACCESS FUND ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE 
OFFERED AND SOLD WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES; (II) 
PARTICIPATION IN THE ACCESS FUND IS LIMITED TO "ACCREDITED INVESTORS" (AS 
DEFINED IN REGULATION D UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) AND "QUALIFIED PURCHASERS" 
(AS DEFINED IN THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT), AND (III) (A) AT ALL TIMES THE 
AMOUNT OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS TO WHICH THE ACCESS FUND IS 
DIRECTLY AND/OR INDIRECTLY EXPOSED DOES NOT EXCEED THE FOLLOWING LEVELS 
SPECIFIED IN CFTC REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii): EITHER (X) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL 
MARGIN AND PREMIUMS REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS 
WILL NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS FUND; AND/OR (Y) 
THE AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF COMMODITY INTEREST POSITIONS OF THE 
ACCESS FUND WILL NOT EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE ACCESS 
FUND'S PORTFOLIO; AND/OR (B) THE GENERAL PARTNER DOES NOT KNOW AND COULD 
NOT REASONABLY KNOW THAT THE ACCESS FUND'S INDIRECT EXPOSURE TO 
COMMODITY INTERESTS DERIVED FROM CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE UNDERLYING FUND IN 
WHICH THE ACCESS FUND INVESTS EXCEED THE LEVELS SPECIFIED IN CFTC 
REGULATION 4.13(a)(3)(ii), EITHER CALCULATED DIRECTLY, OR THROUGH THE USE OF 
CFTC GUIDANCE ESTABLISHED IN APPENDIX A OF PART 4 OF THE CFTC'S REGULATIONS 
BEFORE SUCH APPENDIX WAS RESCINDED. TO THE EXTENT THE EXEMPTION CRITERIA 
CHANGES IN THE FUTURE, THE GENERAL PARTNER MAY SEEK TO COMPLY WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE DIFFERENT CRITERIA AND/OR OTHER EXEMPTIONS. 
AS A RESULT OF THE GENERAL PARTNER'S RELIANCE ON THE EXEMPTION FROM CPO 
REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), AN INVESTOR THAT HAS 25% OR GREATER 
INTEREST IN THE ACCESS FUND AND OWNS OR CONTROLS COMMODITY FUTURES OR 
FUTURES OPTION CONTRACTS SUBJECT TO CFTC POSITION LIMITS WILL BE REQUIRED TO 
EFTA01397813
--- PAGE 15 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
-viii 
EFTA01397814
--- PAGE 16 ---
Greg Martin 
AGGREGATE SUCH POSITIONS, FOR CFTC POSITION LIMIT AND LARGE TRADER 
REPORTING PURPOSES, WITH ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT POSITIONS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
IN SUCH CONTRACTS. IN THE FUTURE, SIMILAR AGGREGATION REQUIREMENTS WILL BE 
APPLICABLE TO POSITIONS IN CERTAIN SWAPS THAT ARE ECONOMICALLY EQUIVALENT 
TO COMMODITY FUTURES AND FUTURES OPTIONS POSITIONS. PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN LEGAL ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE POTENTIAL 
APPLICATION OF POSITION AGGREGATION AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS TO THEIR 
OWNERSHIP OR CONTROL OF COMMODITY INTEREST CONTRACTS. 
THE INVESTMENT MANAGER HAS FILED WITH THE NFA A NOTICE OF EXEMPTION FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE CFTC AS A CTA PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8). THE 
INVESTMENT MANAGER QUALIFIES FOR THE EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8) ON 
THE BASIS THAT (A) IT IS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER UNDER THE 
ADVISERS ACT, (B) ITS ADVICE IS DIRECTED SOLELY TO, AND FOR THE SOLE USE OF 
ENTITIES ENUMERATED IN CFTC RULE 4.14(a)(8), INCLUDING A CPO WHO HAS CLAIMED 
AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3), (C) IT PROVIDES 
COMMODITY INTEREST TRADING ADVICE SOLELY INCIDENTAL TO ITS BUSINESS OF 
PROVIDING SECURITIES OR OTHER INVESTMENT ADVICE AND (D) IT IS NOT OTHERWISE 
HOLDING ITSELF OUT AS A CTA. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-ix 
EFTA01397815
--- PAGE 17 ---
Greg Martin 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION  
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS 
FUND  
CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST  
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA 
CONSIDERATIONS  
I. 
II. 
III. 
Appendix A: Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP (as supplemented by the Supplement to the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated 
November 2017). 
Proprietary and Confidential 
-x 
EFTA01397816
--- PAGE 18 ---
IIIIIIIIIII[reg Martin 
INTRODUCTION 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware limited 
partnership (the "Access 
Fund"), has been formed to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in Glendower Capital Secondary 
Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership 
(together with its parallel funds and 
alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the "Underlying Fund"). The 
principal investment objective 
of the Underlying Fund is to generate attractive risk-adjusted investment 
returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments 
including large and mid-market buyout, growth capital, venture capital, 
special situations, turnaround, 
mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets 
primarily on the secondary market. 
The investments are expected to be in established generalist and specialist 
private equity funds on the 
secondary market and in private equity funds or portfolios of private equity 
assets on the secondary market 
through bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The Access Fund expects to invest substantially all of its investable assets 
in the Underlying Fund. 
Accordingly, prospective investors should carefully read the Confidential 
Private Placement Memorandum 
of the Underlying Fund (the "Underlying Fund PPM"), including the sections 
relating to, and describing, 
the risk factors and potential conflicts of interest of the Underlying Fund, 
which is hereby incorporated by 
reference into this Memorandum and attached hereto as Appendix A and the 
limited partnership agreement 
of the Underlying Fund, which shall be provided upon request by the General 
Partner or Investment 
Manager. By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager nor 
any of their respective affiliates is providing investment advice or making 
any recommendation as to the 
advisability of an investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. 
The Access Fund is offering Interests to Investors that are "U.S. Persons" 
as defined in Rule 902 under the 
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). If an 
Investor is a Non-U.S. person for 
U.S. tax purposes or becomes a Non-U.S. person for U.S. tax purposes after 
investing in the Access Fund, 
adverse tax consequences could result for the Investor. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397817
--- PAGE 19 ---
reg 
Martin 
SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL TERMS OF THE ACCESS FUND 
To understand this investment opportunity, a prospective investor should 
read both this summary of terms 
of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund") and the summary of 
terms and conditions of Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP (together with its parallel 
investment funds and alternative investment funds, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund") in the attached 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum of the Underlying Fund dated 
October 2017 (together with 
the first supplement thereto, and as it may be further amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the 
"Underlying Fund PPM") and the limited partnership agreement of the 
Underlying Fund, which shall be 
provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment Manager. 
The following information is presented as a summary of principal terms of 
the Access Fund and an 
investment in the Interests. This summary (and terms of the Access Fund 
described elsewhere in this 
Memorandum) is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Access Fund's 
Amended and Restated Limited 
Partnership Agreement (as amended, 
to time, the "Partnership 
Agreement"), and the subscription 
with respect thereto (the 
"Subscription Agreement," 
"Agreements"), copies of 
which will be provided to 
of such Agreements should 
be reviewed carefully. In the 
summary and the Agreements, 
the Agreements will control. 
The Access Fund 
The General Partner 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P., a Delaware 
limited partnership (the "Access Fund"). 
The general partner of the Access Fund is Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner is responsible for the overall 
management of the Access Fund, as described further in the Partnership 
Agreement. Unless otherwise specified, all actions referred to herein as 
being taken by the Access Fund will be performed by the General Partner 
or its delegates (including the Investment Manager as defined below). 
All references herein to the General Partner refer to the General Partner 
or the entities (such as the Investment Manager) to which the General 
Partner has delegated its authority as permitted under the Partnership 
Agreement. 
The Investment Manager 
restated or otherwise modified from time 
agreement and the related documentation 
and together with the Partnership Agreement, the 
each prospective investor upon request. The forms 
event of a conflict between the terms of this 
EFTA01397818
--- PAGE 20 ---
iCapital Advisors, LLC or an affiliate thereof will serve as the 
investment manager (the "Investment Manager") for the Access Fund, 
pursuant to an Investment Management Agreement (as defined below) 
with the General Partner. The General Partner will delegate the day-today 
operations of the Access Fund to the Investment Manager. The 
Investment Manager may assign its rights and obligations under the 
Investment Management Agreement to any of its affiliates without 
consent of the Limited Partners. Pursuant to a delegation from the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager will generally have full 
investment discretion over the assets of the Access Fund and full 
authority to conduct the day-to-day business and operations of the 
Access Fund. The Investment Manager will receive a management fee 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397819
--- PAGE 21 ---
Greg Martin 
(the "Management Fee") in respect of the Access Fund, payable 
quarterly in advance by the Access Fund. See "Management Fee." 
This Memorandum refers to the investment management agreement for 
the Access Fund as the "Investment Management Agreement." The 
Investment Manager is responsible for exercising the Access Fund's 
rights with respect to its interest in the Underlying Fund. Except as 
described herein, the Investment Manager is not required to consult with, 
or obtain the approval of, any Limited Partner in exercising the Access 
Fund's rights in the Underlying Fund. See "Certain Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of Interest." 
Neither the Investment Manager, the General Partner nor any of 
their respective affiliates will be involved in, will oversee, or will 
have any responsibility for, the business, operations, investments or 
investment decisions of Glendower or the Underlying Fund. 
Purpose; Underlying Fund The purpose and business of the Access Fund is to 
invest substantially 
all of its investable assets in Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited partnership (together with 
its parallel funds and alternative investment vehicles, if applicable, the 
"Underlying Fund"), as an equity holder thereof in accordance with the 
terms set forth in the Underlying Fund's constituent documents. 
The principal investment objective of the Underlying Fund is to generate 
attractive risk-adjusted investment returns, principally in the form of 
capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments 
including buyout, growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The investments are 
expected to be in established generalist and specialist private equity fund 
structures on the secondary market and in private equity fund structures 
or portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through 
bespoke liquidity solutions. 
The summary terms and conditions of an investment in the Underlying 
Fund are as set forth in the Underlying Fund PPM, a copy of which is 
attached hereto as Appendix A. 
To help manage cash flows and ensure sufficient amount of the Limited 
Partner's Subscriptions (as defined below) are available to pay expenses 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner may, in its sole discretion, 
choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions 
to the Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, 
the General Partner is not required to set aside any such amounts, and 
may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Underlying Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund 
to the Underlying Fund (i.e., commits an amount to the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397820
--- PAGE 22 ---
Greg Martin 
Fund, which together with any expenses of the Access Fund, is greater 
than the total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund) the General Partner may need to fund Access Fund 
expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund through the 
distributions received from the Underlying Fund (in such case the 
Limited Partners will be allocated income without corresponding cash 
to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. See "Borrowing." 
Offering; Investment in the 
Access Fund 
Limited partner interests of the Access Fund ("Interests") are being 
offered and sold in a private placement to certain U.S. investors 
("Limited Partners", and, together with the General Partner, 
"Partners"). 
The Access Fund is designed for investors ("Investors") that are either 
(A) U.S. taxable investors or (B) investors that are pension plans, Keogh 
plans, individual retirement accounts, tax-exempt institutions and other 
tax-exempt limited partners ("U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors") that are 
willing to receive material amounts of "unrelated business taxable 
income" (as defined under Sections 512 and 514 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code")) ("UBTI"). The Access Fund 
is not designed for (i) U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to 
receive material amounts of UBTI or (ii) investors that are not "U.S. 
persons" (as described in "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations") 
("Non-U.S. Investors"). If a Limited Partner is a Non-U.S. Investor or 
becomes a Non-U.S. Investor for U.S. tax purposes after investing in the 
Access Fund, adverse tax consequences could result for the Limited 
Partner. Those U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish to receive 
any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty benefits and NonU.S. 
Investors should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund 
(as defined below). See "Tax, Regulatory and Certain ERISA 
Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" and 
"— Certain ERISA Considerations." Prospective investors should consult 
their own advisors regarding the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of 
an investment in the Access Fund or the Feeder Fund. 
Minimum Subscription 
The minimum capital commitment ("Subscription") by a Limited 
Partner will be $250,008, although the General Partner reserves the right 
to accept a Subscription of lesser amounts. Investors investing in the 
Access Fund rather than directly through the Underlying Fund will be 
subject to an additional layer of expenses. 
The minimum commitment to the Underlying Fund per investor is 
$5,008,080, although the Glendower GP may accept a lesser amount. 
Investors seeking to make a Subscription equal to or greater than 
$5,008,080 should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
See "Management Fee." The General Partner will not have a 
Subscription. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397821
--- PAGE 23 ---
Greg Martin 
Initia and Subsequent 
Closings 
The Access Fund may hold multiple closings. The General Partner will 
provide prospective Limited Partners with notice of the anticipated date 
of the initial closing (the "Initial Closing") of the Access Fund. The 
General Partner may admit additional Investors into the Access Fund or 
allow existing Limited Partners to increase their Subscriptions in 
subsequent closings until the final closing of the Access Fund (each such 
closing, a "Subsequent Closing" and the final Subsequent Closing, the 
"Final Closing"). Subsequent closings may be held after the Initial 
Closing until the date that is 3 months following the last date on which 
the Underlying Fund may hold a closing (it being understood that the 
Glendower GP is not required to accept any such additional commitment 
from the Access Fund). Each investor that becomes a Limited Partner 
(or that is already a Limited Partner and increases its Subscription) at 
any closing subsequent to the Initial Closing will be required to make a 
capital contribution at admission equal to (i) the amount of the 
contribution required by the Underlying Fund from the Access Fund 
attributable to such Investor's new or increased Subscription (which may 
include an interest component at a rate per annum equal to the higher of 
(A) LIBOR plus 2% and (B) 8% for the period or such other amount as 
set forth in the Underlying Fund LPA), if any, if the Access Fund makes 
a corresponding increase in its commitment to the Underlying Fund, (ii) 
its proportionate share of all funded expenses of the Access Fund 
(excluding the Management Fee) and, to the extent not duplicative of (i) 
above, its proportionate share of all funded Subscriptions of Investors 
admitted in prior closings, including if applicable, in connection with 
Subscriptions (or portions thereof) that are not correspondingly invested 
in the Underlying Fund, (iii) the amount of the Management Fee that 
would have been payable in respect of such Investor had such Investor 
subscribed for an Interest at the Initial Closing and (iv) an amount 
computed as interest on the amounts set forth under (i) through (iii) 
above at a rate per annum equal to the higher of (A) LIBOR plus 2% and 
(B) 8% for the period from the due date or dates on which the other 
Partners were required to make their earlier contributions to the date of 
such contribution. Amounts paid by any Limited Partner as interest on 
(ii) above, shall be paid to the Access Fund for the account of Limited 
Partners that participated in prior closings and any amounts paid by any 
Limited Partner as interest on (iii) above, shall be paid to the Investment 
Manager and not to the Access Fund or any other Limited Partner. Any 
contributions by a Limited Partner to the Access Fund to fund late 
closing interest under (iv) shall not reduce the unpaid portion of such 
Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner will be required 
to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription to fund any late 
closing interest, if applicable) and any such interest amounts credited to 
the account of Limited Partners shall not increase the unpaid 
Subscriptions of such Limited Partners who receive such interest. 
Failure to pay subsequent interest as calculated in (iv) above will be 
considered a default under the Partnership Agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397822
--- PAGE 24 ---
EFTA01397823
--- PAGE 25 ---
Greg Martin 
The Access Fund will make its investment in the Underlying Fund at 
closings of the Underlying Fund on or after the Initial Closing, and if 
any Limited Partner increases its Subscription or any additional Limited 
Partners are admitted to the Access Fund at a Subsequent Closing, the 
Access Fund may make additional investments in the Underlying Fund, 
upon subsequent closings of the Underlying Fund, at the discretion of 
the Investment Manager, contemporaneously with or subsequent to the 
date of any increase in Subscriptions or admission of additional Limited 
Partners. In the event that a Subsequent Closing occurs after the Access 
Fund's initial investment in the Underlying Fund, existing Investors' 
interests in the Underlying Fund may be diluted to the extent that the 
Access Fund does not subsequently make a corresponding additional 
investment in the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no 
obligation to make a corresponding additional investment in the 
Underlying Fund in connection with any Subsequent Closing. 
Investors admitted at Subsequent Closings will participate in the Access 
Fund's existing investments in the Underlying Fund, which may dilute 
the Interests of existing Limited Partners and may indirectly participate 
in the existing investments of the Underlying Fund, to the extent the 
Access Fund is permitted by the general partner of the Underlying Fund 
(the "Glendower GP") to participate in such existing investments, 
which may dilute the Interests of existing Limited Partners and partners 
of the Underlying Fund, including the Access Fund. For the avoidance 
of doubt, investments made and disposed of prior to a particular 
Subsequent Closing will not be allocated to any Investors admitted at 
such Subsequent Closing. Although Investors admitted at Subsequent 
Closings will make capital contributions such that all Investors will have 
made proportional capital contributions (based on their Subscriptions) to 
the Access Fund, there can be no assurances that the amount paid by 
such Investors will reflect the fair value of their pro rata share of the 
Underlying Fund at the time of the Subsequent Closings. 
Term 
The term of the Access Fund is currently expected to end within one year 
following the dissolution of the Underlying Fund, but may be extended 
for two additional one-year periods beyond the one-year anniversary of 
the dissolution of the Underlying Fund at the discretion of the General 
Partner or may be terminated, liquidated and dissolved earlier in certain 
limited situations outlined in the Partnership Agreement. 
Parallel Access Funds and 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner may form one or more limited partnerships or other 
investment vehicles to invest in parallel with the Access Fund (each, a 
"Parallel Access Fund") and/or feeder funds, including the Offshore 
Access Fund (as defined below) (collectively, "Feeder Funds") in order 
to comply with securities laws or to address tax, legal, regulatory or other 
issues of investors in such entity or program. The Access Fund, any 
Parallel Access Fund and any Feeder Fund (including the Offshore 
Access Fund) shall share common fees and expenses related to their 
operation and investments in proportion to the capital invested by each 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397824
--- PAGE 26 ---
EFTA01397825
--- PAGE 27 ---
Greg Martin 
entity, directly or indirectly, in the Underlying Fund, to the extent 
practicable. 
In particular, the General Partner or the Investment Manager will form 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (International), L.P. (the 
"Offshore Access Fund", and together with the Access Fund, the 
"Access Funds") for certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors not 
willing to receive material amounts of UBTI and certain qualified NonU.S. 
Investors. The Offshore Access Fund is expected to be a Cayman 
Islands exempted limited partnership and other than assets used to cover 
Offshore Access Fund expenses, the Offshore Access Fund will invest 
all of the Subscriptions made by the limited partners of the Offshore 
Access Fund in the Access Fund. 
Although Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds are expected to invest 
on similar terms and conditions to the Access Fund, such Parallel Access 
Funds or Feeder Funds may have the same or different terms (including 
terms that are more favorable) than those described herein, provided, 
that any such Parallel Access Funds or Feeder Funds will only accept 
subscriptions from "qualified purchasers," as defined in the U.S. 
Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment 
Company Act"), and interests will be offered and sold only to investors 
who are "accredited investors" within the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation D under the Securities Act. 
Capital Calls 
Each Limited Partner's capital contributions will be payable when called 
by the General Partner to meet anticipated Access Fund expenses and 
liabilities and to make contributions to the Underlying Fund. Each 
Limited Partner's capital contribution shall generally be due upon 
business days' written notice, except in certain limited circumstances 
where the General Partner deems it prudent to require capital 
contributions to be made on shorter notice. The General Partner may 
require each Limited Partner to make a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The General Partner 
will provide written notice of the exact size and timing of any such initial 
capital contribution in advance of the Initial Closing of the Access Fund. 
A Limited Partner who fails to make its capital contributions in a timely 
manner including in connection with recalls of Distributions or who 
otherwise fails to make a payment required by the Access Fund 
(including (i) expenses incurred in respect of transfers (ii) expenses 
incurred by the General Partner or the Access Fund to the extent that any 
tax information or return is required to be prepared by the General 
Partner or the Access Fund because of the identity, jurisdiction or action 
of the Limited Partner (including the election not to receive Schedule K1 
electronically) and (iii) any applicable interest charged in connection 
with a Subsequent Closing) may suffer substantial penalties with respect 
to its Interest, including, a total forfeiture of such Interest. In addition, 
any (i) material breach by a Limited Partner of its representations and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397826
--- PAGE 28 ---
Greg Martin 
warranties in its Subscription Agreement and (ii) any failure by a 
Limited Partner to provide information as requested by the General 
Partner or Investment Manager in connection with anti-money 
laundering or similar programs, will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In the event that the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution to 
the Underlying Fund as a result of the failure of a Limited Partner to 
make a capital contribution to the Access Fund, the Underlying Fund 
may impose certain remedies against the Access Fund, including, 
potentially causing the Access Fund to forfeit all or a portion of its 
interest in the Underlying Fund. 
With respect to any capital contribution (or portion thereof) that is 
subject to a default (the "Defaulted Amount"), the General Partner may 
call additional capital from the Limited Partners that have already made 
the applicable capital contribution (not in excess of their unfunded 
Subscriptions) to the extent necessary to fund the Defaulted Amount. 
Bifurcated Default 
If the Access Fund fails to contribute all or any portion of any call 
amount set forth in a funding notice received from the Underlying Fund 
(an "Access Fund Default"), and such failure results from the failure of 
one or more Limited Partners (each such Limited Partner, a "Defaulting 
Access Fund Investor") to make full payment in respect of any capital 
call issued by the Access Fund, then Glendower has agreed to only treat 
the Access Fund as a "Defaulting Partner" (as defined in the limited 
partnership agreement of the Underlying Fund, (as may be amended or 
otherwise supplemented from time to time, the "Underlying Fund LPA")) 
with respect to the portion of the Access Fund's interest in the 
Underlying Fund that has defaulted. In addition, the General Partner has 
agreed that, if the Glendower GP so requests upon any Access Fund 
Default, the General Partner, or the Investment Manager on its behalf, 
shall cause the Access Fund to assign to the Underlying Fund, and the 
General Partner will delegate to the Underlying Fund, the authority to 
exercise directly for the direct benefit of the Underlying Fund, all of the 
rights and remedies provided in the Partnership Agreement against a 
Defaulting Access Fund Investor as if they were a Defaulting Partner, 
and the General Partner will provide such assistance as is reasonably 
requested by the Glendower GP in connection with the exercise of any 
remedies against the Defaulting Access Fund Investor. 
In addition, in applying and interpreting the provisions of the Partnership 
Agreement, in order to equitably determine the rights and obligations of 
any Limited Partner with respect to the Underlying Fund, the General 
Partner may treat any Limited Partner as if it was a separate limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund, any default penalties imposed by the 
Glendower GP may be allocated solely by the General Partner to the 
applicable Defaulting Access Fund Investor to the maximum extent 
possible. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397827
--- PAGE 29 ---
Greg Martin 
The General Partner shall have the sole discretion to apply the default 
provisions to each investor in any Feeder Fund on a look-through basis 
as if such investor was a direct limited partner of the Access Fund instead 
of applying such provisions directly to such Feeder Fund. 
Distributions 
Distributions from the Underlying Fund received by the Access Fund 
will generally be distributed to the Limited Partners (including any 
Feeder Funds) pro rata based on their respective Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund (excluding any Defaulting Partners, if applicable) as 
promptly as practicable. The Access Fund will be entitled to withhold 
from any Distribution amounts necessary to create, in the General 
Partner's sole discretion, reserves for the payment of Access Fund 
expenses and liabilities, to make anticipated capital contributions to the 
Underlying Fund or for any other purpose permitted under the 
Partnership Agreement. 
Liquidating distributions will be made in accordance with positive 
capital account balances. 
Capital Accounts; 
Allocations 
It is intended that capital accounts will be maintained in accordance with 
U.S. federal income tax guidelines. In general, items of income, gain, 
loss and deduction will be allocated to the Limited Partners' capital 
accounts in a manner consistent with the distribution procedures outlined 
above. 
Organizational and 
Offering Expenses 
The Access Fund, and the Limited Partners in the Access Fund 
(including any Feeder Fund) will bear all organizational and offering 
expenses incurred by the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager 
("Organizational Expenses") (including legal, travel, accounting, tax 
advisory expenses, start-up filing, capital-raising and other expenses, 
organizational and other start-up expenses of the General Partner, and 
custodial and administrative costs) in connection with the formation of 
the Access Fund, any Feeder Fund and the offering of the Interests. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing Organizational Expenses do not 
include expenses incurred by Placement Agents (as defined below). 
Access Fund Expenses 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; Organizational Expenses; liquidation 
expenses of the Access Fund; any sales or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; 
expenses and fees related to accounting, audits of the Access Fund's 
books and records and preparation of the Access Fund's tax returns and 
other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance 
provisions of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs 
of preparing and distributing financial statements and other reports to 
and other communications with the Partners, as well as costs of all 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397828
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA01397829
--- PAGE 31 ---
Greg Martin 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs 
or expenses in connection with the Access Fund's admission to the 
Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying 
Fund and any subsequent closing interest charged to the Access Fund); 
extraordinary one-time expenses of the Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or 
similar charges incurred in connection with the purchase or sale of 
securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary investment 
banking, commercial banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording 
fees and expenses, administrative (including any fees and expenses of 
the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or the General 
Partner), custodial and registration services provided to the Access Fund 
and any expenses attributable to consulting services, including in each 
case services with respect to the proposed purchase or sale of securities 
by the Access Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such 
securities or others (whether or not any such purchase or sale is 
consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation of form documentation in respect 
of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in respect of any arrangement 
to provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the 
process for Limited Partners to sell all or any portion of their Interests; 
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the Investment Manager, such as 
travel, research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on 
behalf of the Access Fund in respect of the Underlying Fund and the 
management of the Access Fund (including the costs and expenses 
(including travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, 
or otherwise holding meetings or conferences with Limited Partners, 
whether individually or in a group) attending meetings with the 
Placement Agents, whether internal or provided by a third party service 
provider, utilized for risk management, measurement and valuation 
purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit Facility 
or regulatory obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to 
protect the Access Fund, the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and any of their respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, 
directors, employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities 
of the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Investment Manager. 
Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and expenses 
associated with the ongoing operations of any alternative investment 
vehicles (including administrative fees and expenses; legal and 
recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, accountants and other third-party service 
providers; any taxes (including withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment 
vehicles, including tax preparation expenses; expenses relating to any 
audit, investigation, governmental inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the foregoing, Access Fund expenses will 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397830
--- PAGE 32 ---
EFTA01397831
--- PAGE 33 ---
Greg Martin 
include, and therefore Limited Partners will be responsible for, all of the 
operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall be paid by, and treated as expenses of, 
the Access Fund to the extent that they would be considered expenses of 
the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder 
Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner of the Access Fund); provided, 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined with respect to, and paid separately by, 
such Feeder Fund, in each case as determined by the General Partner in 
its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid 
portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited Partner 
will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its Subscription 
to fund their share of Access Fund expenses). 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners 
(including any Feeder Funds) will indirectly bear the cost of the Access 
Fund's pro rata share of management fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and 
expenses payable by the Access Fund as a limited partner of the 
Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund 
expenses by virtue of being a Limited Partner of the Access Fund. To 
the extent expenses that constitute Access Fund expenses are incurred 
by the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of 
the Access Fund and/or any Parallel Access Funds established in 
connection with the Access Fund to acquire interests in the Underlying 
Fund, the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the 
Access Fund and such Parallel Access Funds as it reasonably deems 
appropriate. 
Management Fee 
A separate fee for management services provided by the Investment 
Manager shall be assessed separately for each Limited Partner (the 
Limited Partner's "Management Fee"). The Management Fee amount 
contributed by each Limited Partner to the Access Fund shall reduce the 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription (i.e., a Limited 
Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to its 
Subscription to fund the Management Fee). The Access Fund shall pay 
the aggregate amount of such Management Fee assessed with respect to 
the Limited Partners to the Investment Manager. 
Commencing upon the "Initial Closing" of the Underlying Fund (as 
defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) and for each fiscal quarter 
thereafter through the first date on which the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund has permanently expired, the Management Fee of a 
Limited Partner shall be an amount equal to the product of the 
Management Fee Rate (as defined below) applicable to such Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397832
--- PAGE 34 ---
Greg Martin 
Partner multiplied by the Subscription of such Limited Partner. After 
the end of the "investment period" of the Underlying Fund, through the 
second anniversary of the termination of the "investment period" of the 
Underlying Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner for each 
fiscal quarter shall be an amount equal to the product of the Management 
Fee Rate applicable to such Limited Partner multiplied by such Limited 
Partner's proportionate share (based upon Subscriptions) of the Access 
Fund's proportionate share of capital contributions in respect of all 
"Invested Capital" (as defined in the Underlying Fund LPA) of the 
Underlying Fund. Thereafter, until the last day of the term of the Access 
Fund, the Management Fee of a Limited Partner shall be calculated 
based on Invested Capital in accordance with 
(C) 
below. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Manager in its sole 
discretion may elect to waive or otherwise reduce the Management Fee 
attributable to any Limited Partner. 
The "Management Fee Rate" for a Limited Partner (A) during the 
"investment period" of the Underlying Fund is 1.00% per annum (or 
0.25% per quarter); provided, that the Management Fee Rate for (i) a 
Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is 
less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per 
quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose Subscription equals or exceeds 
$5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); (B) 
from the first date on which the "investment period" of the Underlying 
Fund has permanently expired until the second anniversary of such date 
is 0.75% per annum (i.e., 0.1875% per quarter); provided, that the 
Management Fee Rate for (i) a Limited Partner whose Subscription 
equals or exceeds $3,000,000 but is less than $5,000,000 shall be 0.60% 
per annum (i.e., 0.15% per quarter); and (ii) a Limited Partner whose 
Subscription equals or exceeds $5,000,000 shall be 0.25% per annum 
(i.e., 0.0625% per quarter); and (C) thereafter, the greater of 90% of a 
Limited Partner's Management Fee for the immediately preceding year 
or 0.25% per annum (i.e., 0.0625% per quarter) of such Limited 
Partner's Invested Capital. 
The Management Fee that is charged by the Access Fund to a Limited 
Partner shall be paid to the Investment Manager. The Investment 
Manager will pay a material portion of the amount received to the 
Placement Agents in exchange for certain servicing functions rendered 
by the Placement Agents. The portion of the Management Fee received 
may differ among Placement Agents. 
The Management Fee will be payable in advance on a quarterly basis 
from the Initial Closing. 
The foregoing fee is exclusive of the amount of the Underlying Fund 
Management Fee payable in respect of the Access Fund as a limited 
partner of the Underlying Fund. In addition, the Limited Partners will 
indirectly pay carried interest to the Glendower GP by virtue of the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397833
--- PAGE 35 ---
Greg Martin 
Access Fund being a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. See 
"Access Fund Expenses" and "Underlying Fund Management Fee." 
Placement Agent; 
Placement Fee 
The Access Fund will utilize Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or 
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. (each separately and 
collectively referred to as "Raymond James") or an affiliate thereof, to 
serve as a placement agent, and may also utilize additional placement 
agents (each, of Raymond James or such other placement agent, a 
"Placement Agent"), in its sole discretion. 
At the time of the relevant closing of the Access Fund, each Limited 
Partner shall be required to directly pay their applicable Placement 
Agent or its affiliate a one-time upfront sales charge or placement fee (a 
"Placement Fee") in connection with such Limited Partner's 
Subscription. The Placement Fee will equal up to 2.0% of the Limited 
Partner's Subscription, as determined by the applicable Placement 
Agent, and shall not be considered a capital contribution to the Access 
Fund or part of such Limited Partner's Subscription. All expenses 
(including marketing costs) of the Placement Agents shall be borne by 
the Placement Agents. Each Placement Agent, in its sole discretion, will 
have the right to waive all or any portion of the Placement Fee payable 
by any particular Limited Partner. 
The fees payable to the Placement Agent that refers an Investor will be 
disclosed to such Investor prior to its admission to the Access Fund. 
Marketing and Fund 
Servicing Fees 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also act as 
placement agent or in a similar capacity for the Underlying Fund, and 
receive a placement fee from the Glendower GP or an affiliate based on 
the Access Fund's aggregate capital commitment to the Underlying 
Fund. Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee for each referred direct investor commitment to 
the Underlying Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Management Fee 
As described in detail in Section 6 - "General Partner's Share" in the 
Underlying Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), Glendower will 
be entitled to receive a management fee (the "Underlying Fund 
Management Fee"), payable on January 1, April 1, July 1, October 1, 
at an annual rate of initially 1.10% (which reflects a 0.15% discount 
given to the Access Fund by the Underlying Fund, and which is not 
therefore referred to in the Underlying Fund PPM) of the Access Funds' 
capital commitment to the Underlying Fund, calculated as described in 
more detail in the Underlying Fund PPM and the Underlying Fund LPA, 
which shall be provided upon request by the General Partner or Investment 
Manager. 
Investors making a Subscription equal to or greater than $5 million 
should consider investing directly in the Underlying Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397834
--- PAGE 36 ---
EFTA01397835
--- PAGE 37 ---
Greg Martin 
Underlying Fund Carried 
Interest 
As described in detail in Section 6 — "Distributions" in the Underlying 
Fund PPM (attached hereto in Appendix A), the Glendower GP is 
entitled to receive "carried interest" distributions equal to 12.5% of the 
Underlying Fund's net profits subject to an eight percent (8%) preferred 
return with a full catch up provision for the Glendower GP. The actual 
amount of any such carried interest payment is based in part upon the 
Underlying Fund's achievement of certain returns. The foregoing 
description is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by the 
Underlying Fund LPA, and prospective investors must review the 
Underlying Fund documents for a detailed description of the manner in 
which the Underlying Fund intends to make carried interest 
distributions. 
Indemnification 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, 
the respective partners, members, stockholders, officers, directors, 
managers, employees, or agents of any of the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets 
of the Access Fund, including the capital calls from the Limited Partners 
(which capital calls for indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from any recalled Distributions (see "— Capital 
Calls"), against certain expenses or losses. In addition, as an investor in 
the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and indirectly the Limited 
Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts 
will be callable from Limited Partners of the Access Fund to the full 
extent of the Access Fund's obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of distributions. 
Withdrawal and Transfer 
Limited Partners may not withdraw from the Access Fund prior to its 
dissolution, provided that a Limited Partner may, with the consent of the 
General Partner in accordance with the terms of the Partnership 
Agreement, transfer its Interests to a Feeder Fund. In addition, Limited 
Partners may not sell, assign or transfer any of their Interests, rights or 
obligations in the Access Fund except with the consent of the General 
Partner, and such consent may be withheld or delayed in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the General Partner. Should the General Partner 
consent to a sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition of a Limited 
Partner's Interest, the transferring Limited Partner or its transferee will 
be required to pay Transfer Expenses (as defined in the Partnership 
Agreement), which shall be at least $5,008 and shall be sufficient to pay 
all costs incurred in connection with any such transfer. Any transferring 
Limited Partner and such Limited Partner's transferee shall, jointly and 
severally, be required to reimburse the Partnership, at the request of the 
General Partner, for any expenses reasonably incurred by the Partnership 
in connection with such Transfer. The General Partner may require the 
complete or partial withdrawal of a Limited Partner in certain limited 
instances (as described in the Partnership Agreement). Transfer 
EFTA01397836
--- PAGE 38 ---
Expenses paid by a Limited Partner or transferee shall not reduce the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397837
--- PAGE 39 ---
Greg Martin 
unpaid portion of such Limited Partner's Subscription. Failure to pay 
any applicable Transfer Expenses will be considered a default under the 
Partnership Agreement and any amount due may be deducted directly 
from distributions payable to the Limited Partner or transferee. 
Reports and Meetings 
Annually, the Access Fund will furnish audited financial statements to 
all Limited Partners. In addition, each Limited Partner will be provided 
annually with an U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Schedule K-1 
(or equivalent report). On a quarterly basis, each Limited Partner will 
receive a quarterly report and unaudited statement of capital account of 
the Access Fund. None of the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
or any of their respective affiliates will take any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of information provided by, or based upon 
information provided by, the Underlying Fund. 
For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Limited Partners will be 
treated as partners investing in a partnership, the Access Fund. The 
Access Fund's ability to report to Limited Partners 
information 
regarding its income, gains, losses and deductions is dependent upon its 
receipt of such information from the Underlying Fund. The Access Fund 
anticipates that it will not be able to deliver Schedules K-1 in respect of 
a particular year to Limited Partners prior to April 15 of the following 
year. Accordingly, Limited Partners will be required to obtain 
extensions for filing their federal, state and local income tax returns. 
If the Access Fund does not receive all of the required information in a 
timely manner, it may need to rely on estimates in preparing its tax return 
and any schedules thereto (including Schedules K-1). 
United States Federal 
Income Tax Aspects of the 
Access Fund 
The Access Fund expects to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. The Access Fund has been structured for Limited 
Partners that are U.S. residents subject to U.S. federal income tax and 
certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI. While the Access Fund is available to U.S. TaxExempt 
Investors, the Access Fund will not take any steps to avoid 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to such persons. Thus, 
by investing in the Access Fund, a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor should 
expect to recognize material amounts of UBTI, which will require the 
filing of tax returns and payment of taxes. The Access Fund is not 
designed for U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not willing to receive 
material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that do not wish 
to receive any UBTI and are willing to forgo claiming U.S. treaty 
benefits should consider investing in the Offshore Access Fund. The 
Access Fund is not being offered to Non-U.S. Investors and Non-U.S. 
Investors shall not be eligible to invest in the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
Investors should, if eligible, instead consider an investment in the 
Offshore Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397838
--- PAGE 40 ---
EFTA01397839
--- PAGE 41 ---
Greg Martin 
rospec ive investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with specific 
reference to their own situations as they relate to an investment in the 
Access Fund. 
Certain ERISA 
Considerations 
The General Partner intends to conduct the operations of the Access 
Fund so that it will be an appropriate investment for employee benefit 
plans subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
and (unless the context otherwise requires) the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time, or any successor 
statute thereto ("ERISA"). The Access Fund may require certain 
representations or assurances from investors subject to ERISA to 
determine compliance with ERISA provisions. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of each class of equity interests 
(disregarding equity interests held by the General Partner or its affiliates) 
in the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in 
accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA and the regulations thereunder, 
and therefore (b) the assets of the Access Fund will not constitute plan 
assets subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
Accordingly, the General Partner may not approve the purchase of an 
Interest by or proposed transfer of an Interest to a person that has 
represented that it is a "benefit plan investor" or to a Controlling Person 
to the extent that such purchase or transfer would result in "benefit plan 
investors" owning 25% or more of the value of the interests in the Access 
Fund immediately after such purchase or proposed transfer (such 
percentage determined in accordance with Section 3(42) of ERISA). 
Limited Partner Giveback To the extent the Access Fund incurs any 
indemnification or other 
liability or is otherwise required to return distributions to the Underlying 
Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in 
its capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund), each Limited 
Partner may be required to return distributions received from the Access 
Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the aggregate amount of such returns from any 
Limited Partner shall not exceed the aggregate amount of distributions 
received by such Limited Partner (it being understood that additional 
amounts may be called from Limited Partners in respect of 
indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription). 
Amendments; Voting 
The Partnership Agreement may generally be amended with the consent 
of the General Partner and a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, 
subject to certain limitations set forth in the Partnership Agreement. The 
Partnership Agreement sets forth certain other procedures for 
its 
amendment, including provisions regarding negative consent and also 
allowing the General Partner to amend the Partnership Agreement 
without the consent of the Limited Partners in certain circumstances, 
EFTA01397840
--- PAGE 42 ---
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397841
--- PAGE 43 ---
Greg Martin 
Including (i) to the extent such amendment does not subject any Limited 
Partner to any material adverse economic consequences or diminish or 
waive in any material respect the duties and obligations of the General 
Partner to the Access Fund or the Limited Partners, (ii) to cure any 
ambiguity or correct or supplement any provision in the Partnership 
Agreement which may be inconsistent with any other provision therein 
or to correct any clerical errors or omissions in order that the Partnership 
Agreement shall accurately reflect the agreement among the Partners, 
(iii) is necessary in order to comply with any fiscal, statutory or official 
requirement (whether or not having the force of law) and (iv) to address 
changes in financial, regulatory or tax legislation, which amendment 
may include reorganizing or reconstituting the Access Fund, but only to 
the extent such amendment does not materially adversely affect the 
economic returns of the Limited Partners. The General Partner and the 
Investment Manager intends to cause the Access Fund to vote its interest 
in the Underlying Fund as a single interest. 
The General Partner and the Investment Manager will not consult the 
Limited Partners when voting the interests of the Access Fund and will 
endeavor to vote in a way that benefits the Access Fund as a whole. As 
such, a Limited Partner's individual interest may differ from that of the 
Access Fund and therefore the vote may not be consistent with how the 
Limited Partner would have voted if provided with the opportunity. The 
Limited Partners of the Access Fund will not have the right to vote 
on any matters requiring the vote of the Access Fund in its capacity 
as an investor in the Underlying Fund. 
Borrowing 
The Access Fund may enter into a credit facility (a "Credit Facility") 
with a third party, which Credit Facility may be secured by drawdowns 
of Subscriptions, for purposes of temporarily funding all, or any portion 
of, any anticipated capital calls by the Underlying Fund in respect of the 
Limited Partners' Subscriptions or expenses or liabilities of the Access 
Fund in advance of receipt of such amounts from the Limited Partners 
and to cover the Access Fund's over-commitment to the Underlying 
Fund or defaults by Limited Partners. See "Capital Calls" and 
"Purpose; Underlying Fund." 
Such borrowings may require the Investment Manager, on behalf of the 
General Partner, to pledge all or a portion of the property of the Access 
Fund and/or the Subscriptions to the Access Fund to secure such a loan. 
In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices and to receive capital contributions to 
a third party. Limited Partners may be required to provide banks or other 
financial institutions with financial information and other 
documentation reasonably required to obtain borrowings. 
Repayment of the principal and the interest (and any related fees and 
expenses) amount of any such borrowings will be made from the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397842
--- PAGE 44 ---
Greg Martin 
Subject to the limitations set forth in the relevant Underlying Fund LPA, 
the Underlying Fund may incur indebtedness, provide credit support and 
guarantee the obligations of portfolio companies and certain other 
obligations at both the Underlying Fund-level and with respect to 
obligations of their respective portfolio companies. 
Borrowings by the Underlying Fund may make it more difficult for the 
Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise borrow funds. 
If the Access Fund is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any 
fund obligations in advance of receipt of such amounts from Limited 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution obligations towards the Underlying 
Fund and may be treated as a defaulting investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA with respect to the Access Fund's entire interest. 
In particular, the Access Fund may be unable to borrow sufficient funds 
or obtain favorable terms due to the Underlying Fund's borrowing of 
funds pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a third party. 
Investor Eligibility 
Each investor must be an "accredited investor" (as defined within the 
meaning of Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the 
Securities Act), a "qualified client" (as defined in Rule 205-3 of the 
Investment Company Act) and a "qualified purchaser" (as defined in 
Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act). 
Confidentiality 
Confidential information provided to the Limited Partners may not be 
disclosed to any person other than to its officers, fiduciaries, employees, 
agents, consultants, auditors, counsel or other professional advisors, who 
have a business need to know such confidential information, who have 
been informed of the confidential nature of such confidential 
information, and who are, either by the nature of their positions or duties 
or pursuant to written agreement, subject to substantially equivalent 
restrictions with respect to the use and disclosure of the confidential 
information as are set forth in the Partnership Agreement 
Notwithstanding anything in this Memorandum to the contrary, to 
comply with U.S. Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4(b)(3)(i), each 
investor (and any employee, representative, or other agent of such 
investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any 
kind, the U.S. federal, state, or local income tax treatment and tax 
structure of the Access Fund or any transactions undertaken by the 
Access Fund, it being understood and agreed, for this purpose, (i) the 
name of, or any other identifying information regarding (A) the Access 
Fund or any existing or future investor (or any affiliate thereof) in the 
Access Fund, or (B) any investment or transaction entered into by the 
Access Fund, and (ii) any performance information relating to the 
Access Fund or its investments. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397843
--- PAGE 45 ---
Greg Martin 
nvestor Information 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA, the 
General Partner may be required to provide certain Limited Partner 
information to the Glendower GP for a variety of reasons. In addition, 
the General Partner may provide certain information to the other Limited 
Partners, as well as to the Access Fund's accountants, attorneys and 
other service providers as necessary to effect, administer and enforce the 
Access Fund and its Partners' rights and obligations, or as otherwise may 
be required by applicable law, rule or regulation. 
Legal Counsel 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP ("Cleary Gottlieb") serves as 
U.S. legal counsel to the General Partner, the Investment Manager and 
certain of their affiliates. Maples and Calder has been retained as 
Cayman Islands legal counsel to the Access Funds, General Partner, 
Investment Manager and certain of their affiliates. Cleary Gottlieb and 
Maples and Calder, which do not represent the Underlying Fund or 
Glendower, also advise the General Partner, the Investment Manager 
and certain of their affiliates on their respective obligations to the Access 
Funds. However, no attorney-client relationship exists between either 
Cleary Gottlieb or Maples and Calder and any other person solely by 
reason of such other person making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Each investor should consult with its own counsel as to the legal and tax 
aspects of an investment in the Access Fund and its suitability for such 
investor. 
Auditor, Administrator 
and Custodian 
KPMG or another nationally recognized auditing firm will act as 
Auditor. An independent third party will act as Administrator and 
Custodian. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397844
--- PAGE 46 ---
Greg Martin 
III. CERTAIN RISK FACTORS AND POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
Potential investors should carefully consider the risks of an investment in 
the Access Fund, which include, 
but are not limited to, the risks outlined below as well as the detailed 
discussion with regard to risks and 
conflicts of interest generally applicable to the Underlying Fund set forth 
in the Underlying Fund PPM 
(attached hereto in Appendix A). All private fund investments involve a risk 
of loss of capital. No 
assurances can be given that the Underlying Fund or the Access Fund will 
achieve their investment 
objectives or that Limited Partners will not suffer loss. By making the 
Access Fund available, neither the 
General Partner, the Investment Manager nor any of their respective 
affiliates is providing investment 
advice or making any recommendation as to the advisability of an investment 
in the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund. An investment in the Access Fund is highly speculative and 
involves certain risks and 
conflicts of interest that prospective investors should consider carefully 
before subscribing. The following 
discusses certain risks and is not exhaustive, and other risks and conflicts 
not discussed below may arise in 
connection with the management and operation of the Access Fund. 
Business and Market Risks. The investments made by the Underlying Fund and 
indirectly by the Access 
Fund may involve a high degree of business and financial risk that can 
result in substantial losses. In 
particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition 
or prospects of the entity in which 
the investment is made, changes in national or international economic and 
market conditions, and changes 
in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions of countries 
in which investments are made, 
including the risks of war and the effects of terrorist attacks. The impact 
of such events or other instances 
of war or natural disaster, is unclear but could have material adverse 
effects on general economic conditions 
and market liquidity, resulting in a partial or total loss of capital, and 
Investors should not invest unless they 
can readily bear the consequences of such loss. 
Placement Agents. The Placement Agents, including Raymond James, will 
receive, in respect of an 
Investor introduced to the Access Fund, a Placement Fee in an amount up to 
2.0% of such Investor's 
Subscription, directly from such Investor for advisory services. The 
Placement Fee may differ among 
Placement Agents. In addition, depending upon each such Limited Partner's 
assets under management, 
among other factors, certain of these Limited Partners may compensate a 
EFTA01397845
--- PAGE 47 ---
particular Placement Agent at 
higher levels than other such Limited Partners Accordingly, the Placement 
Agents and/or their respective 
affiliates may receive higher levels of compensation in connection with 
investments by some Limited 
Partners than they receive in connection with investments by other Limited 
Partners. Any such Placement 
Fee may be waived or reduced in respect of any particular Investor without 
thereby entitling any other 
Investor to a similar waiver or reduction. In addition, the Placement Agents 
will receive from the 
Investment Manager a portion of the Management Fee on an ongoing basis. As 
the Placement Agents will 
receive ongoing compensation in respect of the Interests, they will have a 
conflict of interest in the form of 
an additional financial incentive to the Placement Agents and their 
respective equity owners and investment 
representatives to refer Investors to the Access Fund and in consulting with 
Investors as to the purchase of 
Interests. Given the existence of the compensation arrangements described 
above, the Placement Agents 
may benefit financially from referring Investors to the Access Fund rather 
than to other products that may 
also be appropriate for particular Investors. 
In addition, Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also 
receive a placement fee or other 
fee from Glendower based on the aggregate capital commitment of the Access 
Fund to the Underlying Fund, 
which would further incentivize the Placement Agents to refer Investors to 
the Access Fund. Finally, 
Raymond James will, and other Placement Agents may, also receive a placement 
or other fee from 
Glendower on each referred "direct investor commitment" to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397846
--- PAGE 48 ---
Greg Martin 
Raymond James and the other the Placement Agents having additional conflicts 
of interest with respect to 
the purchase of Interests by Investors. 
Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund. The Access Fund is an 
investment vehicle being 
formed to facilitate the investment of certain categories of investors into 
the Underlying Fund. The Access 
Fund's sole objective is to invest in the Underlying Fund and, other than 
such investment, the Access Fund 
is not expected to have any material operations. Substantially all of the 
capital contributions to the Access 
Fund will be contributed by the Access Fund to the Underlying Fund, and the 
Limited Partners will receive 
an indirect interest in the Underlying Fund Because the sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an 
interest in the Underlying Fund, all of the risk factors and disclosures of 
potential conflicts set forth in the 
Underlying Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the 
Access Fund. Therefore, 
prospective Investors must also carefully review the Underlying Fund PPM, 
including the more detailed 
and comprehensive summary of risks related to an investment in the 
Underlying Fund. 
In addition to the risks and conflicts of interest described in the 
Underlying Fund PPM, which generally 
apply to the Access Fund and the Interests, Investors should note, among 
other things, the Access Fund will 
be a newly formed entity (i) that will not be registered under the 
Investment Company Act, (ii) that will 
issue illiquid securities that are not registered under the Securities Act 
or any other laws, (iii) that will not 
register under the Exchange Act, (iv) the Interests of which will be subject 
to restrictions on transfer and 
will have no public market, (v) which will not be permitted to make full or 
partial withdrawals from the 
Underlying Fund pursuant to the terms of the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement (except in very 
limited circumstances) and (vi) with respect to which, investors may lose 
the entire amount of their 
investment. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Underlying Fund will realize 
its rate of return objectives, will 
realize similar returns to past funds or investments sponsored by Glendower 
or its affiliates or will return 
any investor capital. The returns of the Access Fund will depend almost 
entirely on the performance of its 
investment in the Underlying Fund and there can be no assurance that the 
Underlying Fund will be able to 
implement its investment objective and strategy or avoid substantial losses. 
Certain ongoing operating 
EFTA01397847
--- PAGE 49 ---
expenses of the Access Fund, which will be in addition to those expenses 
borne by the Access Fund as an 
investor in the Underlying Fund (e.g., carried interest, management fees, 
Underlying Fund expenses, 
organizational expenses and other expenses and liabilities borne by 
investors in the Underlying Fund), 
generally will be borne by the Access Fund and the Limited Partners, 
resulting in Investors in the Access 
Fund paying multiple layers of expense that will have a corresponding impact 
on the returns to the Limited 
Partners. Such additional expenses of the Access Fund will reduce the Access 
Fund's performance relative 
to the Underlying Fund. Pending investment in the Underlying Fund, the 
Access Fund may invest a portion 
of its assets in short-term interest bearing accounts which would not meet 
the Underlying Fund's overall 
return objectives. 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397848
--- PAGE 50 ---
IIIIIIIIIIIreg Martin 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, the risk of loss and delay 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners of the Access Fund, with the 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the fair value of such securities as 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
By making the Access Fund available, neither the General Partner, the 
Investment Manager nor any of their 
affiliates is providing investment advice or making any recommendation as to 
the advisability of an 
investment in the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund. None of the General 
Partner, the Investment 
Manager, nor any of their respective affiliates and personnel are required 
to devote all or any specified 
portion of their time to managing the Access Fund's affairs, or from 
engaging in any other business 
activities, whether or not competitive with the Access Fund. Each 
prospective investor in the Access 
Fund should consult with its own counsel and advisors as to all legal, tax, 
financial and related risks 
and conflicts concerning an investment in the Access Fund. 
The General Partner cannot currently predict the timing and amounts of the 
capital contributions that will 
EFTA01397849
--- PAGE 51 ---
be required to be made by Limited Partners to the Access Fund. Such capital 
contributions may be called 
on an irregular basis. The General Partner may require each Limited Partner 
to make a capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on the date it is admitted to the Access Fund. The 
General Partner will provide written 
notice of the exact size and timing of such initial capital contribution, if 
any, in advance of such Initial 
Closing of the Access Fund. 
Co-Investment Opportunities. The Glendower GP may offer co-investment 
opportunities with respect to 
certain investments to be made by the Underlying Fund and may allocate any 
such opportunities among 
interested parties in the Glendower GP's sole discretion. The Access Fund 
will not participate in coinvestment 
opportunities, which may result in lower total returns realized by the 
Access Fund relative to 
other investors in the Underlying Fund who participate in co-investment 
opportunities. 
Compensation. iCapital Securities, LLC often receives a placement fee as a 
result of its placement of 
certain investors in certain private investment funds available via the 
iCapital Network ("iCapital Funds"). 
The prospect of receiving such compensation creates an incentive for 
iCapital Securities, LLC to place 
investors in the iCapital Funds from which it receives a placement fee or 
may in the future receive such a 
fee over other investment vehicles from which it does not receive a 
placement fee. With respect to this 
Access Fund, the Investment Manager will be entitled to receive an ongoing 
investor servicing fee from 
Glendower for services performed in respect of the Access Fund and its 
investment in the Underlying Fund 
based on the total capital commitment of the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund. Such fee will result in 
the Investment Manager having additional conflicts of interest with respect 
to the purchase of Interests by 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397850
--- PAGE 52 ---
IIIIIIIIII[reg Martin 
Investors. The General Partner and the Investment Manager will retain and 
compensate registered 
investment advisers or Placement Agents for the purpose of marketing and 
selling the Interests. Any such 
arrangement may incentivize a registered investment adviser or a Placement 
Agent to recommend the 
Interests to investors where they might not otherwise make such 
recommendation or to recommend the 
Interests to investors over another investment. Certain management persons 
of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager (or their respective affiliates) are also involved with 
soliciting investment advisers to 
participate in the iCapital Network and in performing diligence on such 
investment advisers with which to 
launch access vehicles, such as the Access Fund. Such relationships may 
create potential conflicts of 
interest. The General Partner and the Investment Manager address these 
conflicts by providing in their 
Code of Ethics that all supervised persons have a duty to act in the best 
interests of each investor and by 
providing training to supervised persons with respect to conflicts of 
interest and how such conflicts are 
resolved under the General Partner and the Investment Manager's policies and 
procedures. Furthermore, 
compensation for management persons is not based on any transaction-based 
compensation received by the 
General Partner (or its affiliates). 
Other Funds or Managed Account Agreements with Similar Strategies. The 
General Partner and/or 
Glendower may, in each of their sole discretion, manage other funds, and/or 
enter into management or 
advisory agreements with respect to managed accounts or other similar 
arrangements (collectively, 
"Managed Accounts") that provide an investment strategy and program similar 
to that of the Underlying 
Fund or conduit fund into such funds. As a result of such other funds and 
Managed Accounts, certain 
investors with access to investment programs similar to that of the 
Underlying Fund may receive additional 
benefits (including, but not limited to, reduced fee obligations, the 
ability to withdraw from a Managed 
Account or other fund on shorter notice and/or expanded informational 
rights) that Limited Partners in the 
Access Fund will not receive. Neither the Access Fund nor the Underlying 
Fund will be required to notify 
any or all of the Limited Partners in the Access Fund of any such Managed 
Account or other funds or any 
of the rights and/or terms or provisions thereof, nor will the Access Fund 
or the Underlying Fund be required 
to offer such different rights and/or terms to any or all of the Limited 
EFTA01397851
--- PAGE 53 ---
Partners in the Access Fund. The 
General Partner and/or Glendower may enter into such Managed Accounts with 
any party as it may 
determine in its sole discretion at any time. To the extent that the General 
Partner or its affiliates invests in 
any Managed Account with a similar strategy or that competes with the 
Underlying Fund or any investment 
of the Underlying Fund, the General Partner or its affiliates will not be 
obligated to take into account the 
interests of the Access Fund and may take positions and actions that are 
potentially contrary or adverse to 
the interests of the Access Fund and the Limited Partners. The Partners will 
have no recourse against the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, Glendower and/or any of their affiliates 
with respect to any of the 
foregoing. 
Valuation of the Assets of the Access Fund. The Investment Manager will 
value the securities held by the 
Access Fund. When no market exists, or it is not possible for the Investment 
Manager to obtain market 
quotations for the securities or investments held by the Access Fund, the 
Investment Manager will generally 
value such securities and investments in good faith and based on the 
valuation of such assets received from 
the Underlying Fund, or if the Underlying Fund does not provide the 
Investment Manager with such a 
valuation, based on other information it considers relevant. Because there 
is significant uncertainty as to 
the valuation of illiquid investments, the values of such investments may 
not necessarily reflect the values 
that could actually be realized by the Access Fund. Under certain conditions 
the Access Fund may be forced 
to sell investments at lower prices than it had expected to realize or defer-
-potentially for a considerable 
period of time—sales that it had planned to make. In addition, under limited 
circumstances, the Investment 
Manager may not have access to all material information relevant to a 
valuation analysis with respect to 
investments. As a result, the valuation of the Access Fund's investments, 
and as a result the valuation of 
the Interests themselves, may be based on imperfect information and is 
subject to inherent uncertainties. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397852
--- PAGE 54 ---
reg Martin 
Fidelity Relationship. The Investment Manager has entered into collaboration 
and services agreements 
with Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC and National Financial Services LLC 
(collectively, referred to as 
"Fidelity") pursuant to which the Investment Manager compensates Fidelity 
for providing certain 
administrative services in respect of investors who custody their investment 
in one or more iCapital Funds 
with Fidelity. The Fidelity investors subject to such arrangements will not 
bear any Fidelity custodial fees 
in respect of these assets. The fee, paid by an affiliate of the Investment 
Manager, is typically a percentage 
of the net asset value an investor has in applicable iCapital Funds. 
Further, the Investment Manager's 
affiliate, Institutional Capital Network, Inc., has committed to an annual 
marketing spend with Fidelity 
through which it will promote the iCapital network to Fidelity's platform of 
registered investment advisers 
and brokers. The existence of such compensation arrangements could create a 
potential conflict of interest. 
Any such compensation arrangement could create an incentive for Fidelity or 
any third party registered 
investment adviser or broker to recommend the interests in the iCapital 
Funds to investors where they might 
not otherwise make such recommendation. 
Educational Programs. The Investment Manager may, from time to time, offer 
(and, under certain 
circumstances, subsidize) certain educational and professional certification 
programs for financial advisers 
that recommend products included on the Institutional Capital Network 
platform. The provision of such 
programs may create a conflict of interest because the offering of such 
programs may incentivize the 
advisers that participate in such programming to recommend iCapital and 
interests in iCapital Funds over 
a manager or administrative agent who has not provided such educational 
opportunities. A prospective 
investor should carefully consider such conflict when determining whether to 
subscribe for interests. 
Default. If a Limited Partner fails to make a required capital contribution 
to the Access Fund on its due 
date (including, recalls of distributed capital), regardless of the reason 
(including legal or other prohibitions), 
the General Partner may impose substantial penalties on such Limited Partner 
and use any available 
remedies to enforce the contribution obligation, including, a total 
forfeiture of such Limited Partner's 
Interest. If the Access Fund fails to make a capital contribution with 
respect to its investment in the 
Underlying Fund when due, whether as a result of a default of a Limited 
EFTA01397853
--- PAGE 55 ---
Partner or otherwise, 
the 
Underlying Fund may exercise various remedies against the Access Fund, 
including forfeiture of all, or a 
part of, its investment in the Underlying Fund, which will have a material 
negative impact on the return of 
the Access Fund as a whole (including Limited Partners that have not 
defaulted on their commitment to the 
Access Fund). 
ERISA. Although the General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts 
to limit investment in the 
Access Fund by benefit plan investors such that their investment in the 
Access Fund will not be "significant" 
for purposes of ERISA, there is no assurance that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be deemed to be 
"plan assets" under ERISA. If the Access Fund's assets are treated as "plan 
assets", certain additional 
ERISA issues described under "Certain ERISA Considerations" below should be 
considered. Accordingly, 
certain transfers of interests in the Access Fund may be prohibited so as to 
avoid the assets of the Access 
Fund being deemed to be "plan assets" within the meaning of ERISA. In 
addition, the General Partner could 
be required to liquidate Access Fund investments at a disadvantageous time, 
resulting in lower proceeds to 
the Access Fund than might have been the case without the need for such 
compliance, to cause certain 
Limited Partners to liquidate their investments in the Access Fund, and/or 
to take such other actions 
permitted under the Partnership Agreement as it considers necessary for that 
purpose. Each benefit plan 
investor should consult his or her legal advisor concerning the consequences 
under ERISA of an investment 
in the Access Fund before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
In addition, the provision of managerial assistance to a portfolio company 
could result in the Access Fund 
being characterized as a "trade or business" for purposes of ERISA 
controlled group liability, and, in cases 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397854
--- PAGE 56 ---
reg Martin 
w ere 
e Access Fund has a significant ownership interest (generally 80% or 
more) in such portfolio 
company, there is a potential risk that the Access Fund and any portfolio 
company could be subject to 
controlled group liability under ERISA. These liabilities generally include 
funding obligations to singleemployer 
pension plans and withdrawal liability from union-sponsored multiemployer 
pension plans. In 
July 2013, the U.S. Federal Court of Appeals for the First Circuit held that 
the portfolio company 
management activities of a private equity fund could cause the fund to be 
regarded for ERISA controlled 
group liability purposes as engaging in a "trade or business" (the "2013 Sun 
Capital Case"). Further, in 
March 2016, the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts held 
that affiliated private equity 
funds investing in the same portfolio company may form a "partnership-in-
fact." The District Court found 
that the affiliated funds forming the de facto partnership would be subject 
to controlled group liability if 
the funds together held 80% or more of the portfolio company in question 
(together with the 2013 Sun 
Capital Case, the "Sun Capital Cases"). Although the extent of the impact of 
the holdings in the Sun 
Capital Cases is unclear, the possibility of trade or business 
characterization remains a risk for the Access 
Fund and private equity funds generally, especially in the First Circuit. 
Furthermore, the ownership interest 
of the Access Fund in some or all of its portfolio companies could be 
sufficient to create a controlled group 
relationship, especially if the ownership interests of related and/or 
parallel funds are aggregated when 
applying the controlled group ownership tests. Although many practitioners 
believe that such aggregation 
should not be required, there is some risk that a court might find 
otherwise, especially in the District of 
Massachusetts. To the extent relevant, the Access Fund currently intends to 
take the position that it is not 
engaged in a trade or business for ERISA controlled group liability 
purposes, that related and/or parallel 
funds will not have formed a de facto partnership and that ownership 
interests of any such related and/or 
parallel funds are not to be aggregated when applying the controlled group 
ownership tests. 
No Recourse Against the Underlying Fund. Limited Partners of the Access Fund 
will not be limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct interest in the 
Underlying Fund and will have no 
standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund, Glendower, their 
respective affiliates or any of their 
EFTA01397855
--- PAGE 57 ---
respective advisors, officers, directors, employees, partners or members. 
Lack of Transferability or Redemption of Interests. In light of the fact 
that there are restrictions on 
withdrawals, transfers and redemptions, and the Interests are not registered 
under the U.S. federal or state 
securities laws or similar laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, an investment 
in the Access Fund will be an 
illiquid investment. There will not be any market for the Interests 
Investments in the Access Fund should 
therefore be considered only by persons financially able to maintain their 
investment for an extended period 
of time, who can afford a loss of all or a substantial part of their 
investment and have the financial ability 
to satisfy capital calls. Even if the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund proves successful, it 
is unlikely to produce a realized return to Limited Partners for a period of 
years. 
No Rights to Vote or Participate. In the event that there is an issue to be 
voted upon by the investors of 
the Underlying Fund, the General Partner and/or the Investment Manager, and 
not the Limited Partners, 
will determine how the Access Fund's interest in the Underlying Fund will be 
voted. 
the Access Fund, the General Partner or the Limited Partners will have an 
opportunity to participate in the 
control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund. 
Investment Concentration. The Access Fund will invest solely in the 
Underlying Fund (and in coinvestments, 
if any, with the Underlying Fund or its respective affiliates). Because the 
sole purpose of the 
Access Fund is to acquire an interest in the Underlying Fund, all investment 
risks set forth in the Underlying 
Fund PPM will be relevant when considering an investment in the Access Fund. 
The Underlying Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments and accordingly a significant 
portion of the Underlying Fund's 
aggregate commitments may be invested in any one industry, region or 
country. As a result, any single loss 
Proprietary and Confidential 
In addition, none of 
EFTA01397856
--- PAGE 58 ---
Greg Martin 
incurre by the Underlying Fund's investments may have a significant adverse 
impact on the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund. 
Diverse Partnership. Investors in the Access Fund may include U.S. taxable 
and tax-exempt investors, and 
may include persons or entities organized in various jurisdictions or who 
otherwise have different 
characteristics or interests. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise 
in connection with decisions made by 
the Investment Manager that may be more beneficial for one type of investor 
than for another type of 
investor. In its management of the Access Fund, the Investment Manager will 
consider the investment 
objectives of the Access Fund as a whole and not the investment objectives 
of any investor individually. 
Certain Information Regarding the Underlying Fund Will Not be Disclosed to 
Limited Partners. 
Glendower, the Underlying Fund and their respective affiliates will have 
certain confidential information 
relating to the Underlying Fund and its portfolio that has not and will not 
be disclosed to the Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund. 
Terms of the Underlying Fund The terms of the Underlying Fund are subject 
to change. There can be no 
assurances that the partners of the Underlying Fund will not further amend 
the Underlying Fund's governing 
agreement. Neither the Access Fund nor the General Partner will have the 
ability to unilaterally block any 
amendment of the Underlying Fund's governing agreement. None of Glendower, 
the Underlying Fund or 
the General Partner will have any liability or responsibility to any Limited 
Partner for any changes to the 
terms of the Underlying Fund. The General Partner is under no obligation to 
revise or supplement this 
Memorandum, notwithstanding any amendments to the Underlying Fund's 
governing agreement and 
neither the Underlying Fund nor Glendower is under an obligation to revise 
or supplement this 
Memorandum or the Underlying Fund PPM. 
Side Letters. The Access Fund and/or the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the 
Access Fund may enter into other written agreements ("Side Letters") with 
one or more Limited Partners 
of the Access Fund (and the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP may do the 
same with respect to limited 
partners of the Underlying Fund). These Side Letters may entitle a Limited 
Partner to make an investment 
in the Access Fund on terms other than those described herein, in the 
Partnership Agreement, and in the 
subscription agreements relating to the purchase of the Interests (each, a 
EFTA01397857
--- PAGE 59 ---
"Subscription Agreement"). Any 
such terms, including with respect to (i) reporting obligations of the 
Access Fund, (ii) transfers to affiliates, 
(iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, (iv) 
consent rights to certain Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of Management Fee, or (vi) any other 
matters, may be more favorable 
than those offered to any other Limited Partners. If the Access Fund and/or 
the General Partner acting in its 
capacity as general partner of the Access Fund enter into a Side Letter 
entitling a Limited Partner to 
withdraw from the Access Fund, any election to withdraw by such Limited 
Partner may increase any other 
Limited Partners' pro rata Interest. 
The Underlying Fund and/or the Glendower GP may also enter into Side Letters 
with the limited partners 
of the Underlying Fund (including the Access Fund) entitling certain limited 
partners to preferential terms 
in connection with their investment in the Underlying Fund. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in 
the Underlying Fund PPM or the Underlying Fund LPA, Limited Partners will 
not be entitled to the benefit 
of any Side Letters, and the Access Fund will not distribute copies of any 
Side Letters that it receives in its 
capacity as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund to its Limited Partners. 
No Guarantee Qualified Matching Service Will be Available. The Partnership 
Agreement prohibits 
transfers of Interests without the consent of the General Partner, which may 
be granted or withheld in the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397858
--- PAGE 60 ---
Greg Martin 
so e iscretion of the General Partner (regardless of whether a Qualified 
Matching Service is available). In 
addition, the constituent documents of the Underlying Fund do not allow for 
transfers of Interests without 
the prior written consent of the Glendower GP. 
Repayment of Distributions. The Access Fund may be required to repay to the 
Underlying Fund or to pay 
creditors of the Underlying Fund, as applicable, distributions previously 
received by it. In addition, the 
Access Fund may be required to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts that are 
required to be withheld by 
the Underlying Fund for tax purposes. The Access Fund may require Limited 
Partners to return to the 
Access Fund all or part of any distribution by the Access Fund to the 
Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
all or any portion of the Access Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or 
otherwise. Similarly, Limited Partners may also be required to repay or pay 
such amount to the Access 
Fund if the Access Fund is unable otherwise to meet its obligations. 
Reinvestment. The Glendower GP has the right 
to recall capital contributions, including, during the 
investment period of the Underlying Fund (the "Investment Period"), capital 
contributions applied to an 
investment that has been disposed of within 24 months of such investment and 
following the termination 
of the Investment Period, an amount equal to any and all distributions made 
to the limited partners for the 
purpose of funding existing obligations to make contributions or advances in 
respect of investments and 
any follow-on investments. Accordingly, the Access Fund may be required to 
make capital contributions 
in excess of its commitment, and to the extent such recalled or retained 
amounts are reinvested in 
investments, the Access Fund will remain subject to investment and other 
risks associated with such 
investments. 
Indemnity Obligation. The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
General Partner, the Investment 
Manager, the administrator and certain of their affiliates and 
representatives (including any sub-advisor or 
other similar service provider) for liabilities incurred in connection with 
the affairs of the Access Fund. 
Any such indemnification (and the expenses thereof) will be in addition to 
the indemnification granted 
under the Partnership Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations and any 
indemnification granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and 
the investments of the 
Underlying Fund), including the obligation to return distributions to fund 
EFTA01397859
--- PAGE 61 ---
any such Underlying Fund 
indemnification (with the Limited Partners in turn being required to return 
distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be 
funded by capital calls from 
the Limited Partners or through the return of Distributions previously made 
to the Limited Partners. A 
Limited Partner's obligation to fund capital calls in respect of the Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's Subscription, and therefore will 
not be capped. In addition, the 
Access Fund's assets, including any investments held by the Access Fund 
(including cash or cash 
equivalents), are available to satisfy all liabilities and other obligations 
of the Access Fund, including 
indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund an indemnification claim 
will survive the dissolution 
of the Access Fund. 
Multiple Layers of Expenses. The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each 
have expenses and 
management costs that will be borne, directly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Underlying Fund), by 
the Access Fund. Further, 
distributions from the Underlying Fund to the Access Fund will be subject to 
the carried interest of the 
Glendower GP. In addition, certain expenses will be apart from a Limited 
Partner's Subscription, including 
indemnification expenses and certain other required payments, including 
transfer expenses, interest 
expenses in connection with subsequent closings, certain tax preparation and 
other expenses attributable to 
specific limited partners. A Limited Partner's obligation to fund these 
expenses will not be capped. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397860
--- PAGE 62 ---
IIIIIIIIIIhreg Martin 
Investors in Subsequent Closings. Investors subscribing for Interests on a 
Subsequent Closing may 
participate in existing investments of the Underlying Fund diluting the 
Interests of the other Investors 
therein. Although such Investors will generally contribute their pro rata 
share of prior capital calls, there 
can be no assurance that this payment will reflect the fair value of the 
Underlying Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Furthermore, in the event that an 
investment of the Underlying Fund has been the subject of a disposition 
prior to the date of any Subsequent 
Closing, Investors at such Subsequent Closing may not be permitted to 
participate in such investment, as 
determined by the Investment Manager. 
Public Disclosure. Some of the Interests may be held by investors, such as 
public pension plans and listed 
investment vehicles, which are subject to public disclosure requirements. 
The amount of information about 
their investments that is required to be disclosed has increased in recent 
years, and that trend may continue. 
To the extent that disclosure of confidential information relating to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
results from interests being held by public investors, the Access Fund may 
be adversely affected. The 
General Partner may, in order to prevent any such potential disclosure, 
withhold information otherwise to 
be provided to such public investors. Conversely, potential future 
regulatory changes applicable to 
investment advisors and/or the accounts they advise could result in the 
Access Fund becoming subject to 
additional disclosure requirements, the specific nature of which is as yet 
uncertain. 
Borrowings. The General Partner may choose to commit all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund, in which case, the 
General Partner may need to fund 
Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund (to the 
extent all of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions have previously been called) through the 
distributions received from the Underlying 
Fund (in which case the Limited Partners will be allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes 
on such income) or through borrowings. 
The Access Fund may borrow money in an aggregate amount of up to 20% of the 
total Subscriptions to the 
Access Fund, including pursuant to a Credit Facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowing 
provides the advantages of leverage, but exposes the Access Fund to capital 
risk and higher current 
EFTA01397861
--- PAGE 63 ---
expenses. The Access Fund may provide collateral to the banks from which it 
borrows by pledging some 
or all of the assets of the Access Fund (the "Access Fund Assets") and/or 
the Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund. In such event, the Access Fund may also be required to delegate the 
rights to issue drawdown notices 
and to receive capital contributions to a third party. This procedure 
exposes the Access Fund to the risk that 
for whatever reason, including, the default, insolvency, negligence, 
misconduct or fraud of such banks, the 
Access Fund will not reacquire the ownership of such Access Fund Assets upon 
the repayment by the 
Access Fund of such loans. Also, the Access Fund will be unable to reacquire 
such Access Fund Assets if 
the Access Fund defaults on such loans. The Access Fund's failure or 
inability to reacquire such Access 
Fund Assets from the banks in whose name the Access Fund Assets are pledged 
in support of a loan could 
involve the Access Fund in protracted litigation and, potentially, result in 
the complete loss of such Access 
Fund Assets. While the Investment Manager will cause the Access Fund to 
borrow money only from banks 
it believes to be creditworthy, there can be no absolute certainty that such 
banks will return such Access 
Fund Assets to the Access Fund upon the repayment of such loans. 
The Underlying Fund may also borrow funds including pursuant to a credit 
facility or other loans from a 
third party. Such borrowings may require the Glendower GP or an affiliate to 
pledge all or a portion of the 
property of the Underlying Fund and/or the commitments to the Underlying 
Fund (including the Access 
Fund's commitment to the Underlying Fund). The borrowing by the Underlying 
Fund may make it more 
difficult for the Access Fund to enter into a Credit Facility or otherwise 
borrow funds. If the Access Fund 
is not able to borrow sufficient funds to fund any obligations in advance of 
receipt of amounts from Limited 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397862
--- PAGE 64 ---
Greg Martin 
Partners or to cover defaults, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund and may be treated as a defaulting 
investor for purposes of the 
Underlying Fund LPA. 
Cash Management; Over-commitment. To help manage cash flows and ensure 
sufficient amount of the 
Limited Partner's subscriptions are available to pay expenses of the Access 
Fund, the General Partner may, 
in its sole discretion, choose not to commit up to 10% of the Limited 
Partners' Subscriptions to the Access 
Fund for investment into the Underlying Fund. However, the General Partner 
is not required to set aside 
any such amounts, and may commit up to 100% of the Limited Partners' 
Subscriptions to the Underlying 
Fund. If the General Partner over-commits the Access Fund to the Underlying 
Fund (i.e., commits an 
amount to the Underlying Fund, which together with any expenses of the 
Access Fund, is greater than the 
total amount of the Limited Partners' Subscriptions to the Access Fund) the 
General Partner may need to 
fund Access Fund expenses or future capital calls by the Underlying Fund 
through the distributions received 
from the Underlying Fund (in such case the Limited Partners will be 
allocated income without 
corresponding cash to pay taxes on such income) or through borrowings. 
However, if there is a delay in the 
return of capital, or insufficient capital is returned from the Underlying 
Fund and the Access Fund is not 
able to borrow sufficient funds, the Access Fund may no longer be able to 
fully meet its capital contribution 
obligations towards the Underlying Fund. 
Lack of Diversification. The Access Fund only intends to invest in the 
Underlying Fund. Accordingly, 
the assets of the Access Fund are subject to greater risk of loss than if 
they were more widely diversified. 
Poor performance on the part of the Underlying Fund will cause poor 
performance of the Access Fund. If 
the Access Fund if not able to raise enough capital, it will also invest 
less in the Underlying Fund than 
originally contemplated. 
Forward-Looking Statements. Statements contained in this Memorandum that are 
not historical facts are 
based on current expectations, estimates, projections, opinions and/or 
beliefs of the General Partner and the 
Investment Manager. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other factors, 
and undue reliance should not be placed thereon. Moreover, certain 
information contained in this 
Memorandum constitutes "forward-looking" statements, which often can be 
EFTA01397863
--- PAGE 65 ---
identified by the use of 
forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "seek," "should," 
"expect," "anticipate," "project," 
"estimate," "intend," "continue," "target," "plan," or "believe," or the 
negatives thereof or other variations 
thereon or comparable terminology. Due to various risks and uncertainties, 
including those set forth herein, 
actual events or results or the actual performance of the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund may differ 
materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking 
statements. 
Disqualification of Certain "Bad Actors" from Rule 506 Offerings. The 
Interests are offered in reliance 
upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities Act and/or 
Regulation D promulgated 
thereunder. The Access Fund would be disqualified from relying on Rule 506 
of Regulation D ("Rule 
506") for any offer or sale of Interests if certain "bad actors" are 
involved in such offering, unless the 
disqualification could not have been identified by the Access Fund in the 
exercise of reasonable care or has 
been waived by the SEC staff. The Access Fund has implemented certain 
procedures to prevent any 
"Covered Person" (as defined in Rule 506(d)) subject to a "disqualifying 
event" (as defined in Rule 
506(d)(1) of Regulation D) from participating in the offering of Interests 
or investing in the Access Fund. 
Covered Persons include, but are not limited to, the General Partner, the 
Placement Agents and beneficial 
owners of 20% or more of the Access Fund's voting equity securities. The 
General Partner may, in its sole 
discretion, involuntarily redeem all or a portion of a Limited Partner's 
Interest to satisfy the conditions set 
forth in Rule 506. Nevertheless there is a risk that the Access Fund will be 
required to terminate the offering 
of Interests in the event that an affiliate, Limited Partner holding 20% or 
more of the Access Fund's voting 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397864
--- PAGE 66 ---
reg Martin 
equity securities, or anyone else who otherwise qualifies as a Covered 
Person becomes subject to a 
disqualifying event. 
The Access Fund will be required to make representations to the Glendower GP 
that the Access Fund and 
anyone that is treated as a beneficial owner under Rule 506, has not been 
subject to a disqualifying event. 
To the extent that any of the foregoing persons is not able to make such 
representation, or becomes subject 
to a disqualifying event, the Glendower GP may refuse to accept any or all 
of the Access Fund's 
subscription, or require the Access Fund to provide documentation and 
information regarding the 
disqualifying event. 
General Legal and Regulatory Risks. Legal and regulatory changes could occur 
during the term of the 
Access Fund, which may adversely affect the Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund and its investments. The 
regulatory environment for private investment funds of a type similar to the 
Access Fund or the Underlying 
Fund is evolving. In particular, there have been significant movements 
towards greater governmental 
scrutiny and/or potential regulation of the private investment funds 
industry. It is uncertain as to what form 
and in what jurisdictions such enhanced scrutiny and/or regulation on the 
private investment funds industry 
may ultimately take. However, increased regulatory oversight may impose 
administrative burdens on the 
General Partner, Investment Manager and Glendower, including, without 
limitation, responding to 
investigations and implementing new policies and procedures. Such burdens 
and regulatory scrutiny or 
initiatives may divert the General Partner, Investment Manager and 
Glendower's time, attention and 
resources from portfolio management activities, and may also adversely 
affect the private investment funds 
industry, including the value or investments of the Underlying Fund and the 
Access Fund. Furthermore, 
such scrutiny may increase the exposure of the Underlying Fund, Glendower, 
the Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager to potential liabilities and to legal, 
compliance and other related costs. 
Also, the implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform and Consumer 
Protection Act (the "DoddFrank 
Act") has resulted in extensive rulemaking and regulatory changes that 
affect private fund managers, 
the funds that they manage and the financial industry as a whole. Pursuant 
to the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC 
has adopted rules that will require additional reporting by registered 
investment advisers to private funds, 
EFTA01397865
--- PAGE 67 ---
which will add costs to the legal, operations and compliance obligations of 
the Investment Manager, and 
increase the amount of time that the Investment Manager spends on 
noninvestment-related activities, all of 
which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
The Dodd-Frank Act affects a broad range of financial market intermediaries 
and other market participants 
with whom the Underlying Fund interacts or may interact. Regulatory changes 
that will affect other market 
participants are likely to change the way in which the Underlying Fund 
conducts business with 
counterparties. Parts of the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the "Volcker Rule," may 
affect the number and type 
of participants in the markets in which the Underlying Fund may trade. It is 
difficult to anticipate the impact 
of these and other regulatory changes on the Underlying Fund, Glendower, the 
Access Fund, the General 
Partner and the Investment Manager. It may take years to understand the 
impact of the Dodd-Frank Act on 
the financial industry as a whole, and therefore, the continued uncertainty 
may make markets more volatile, 
and it may be more difficult for Glendower to execute the investment 
strategy of the Underlying Fund, all 
of which could adversely impact the Access Fund's investment returns. 
New Market Structure Requirements Applicable to Derivatives. The Dodd-Frank 
Act enacted, and the 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") and SEC have issued or 
proposed rules to 
implement, both broad new regulatory requirements and broad new structural 
requirements applicable to 
over the counter ("OTC") derivative markets and, to a lesser extent, listed 
commodity futures (and futures 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397866
--- PAGE 68 ---
Greg Martin 
options) markets. Similar changes are in the process of being adopted in the 
European Union, Japan, and 
other major financial markets. 
These changes include, but are not limited to: requirements that many 
categories of the most liquid OTC 
derivatives (currently limited to specified interest rate swaps and index 
credit default swaps) be executed 
on qualifying, regulated exchanges and be submitted for clearing; real-time 
public and regulatory reporting 
of specified information regarding OTC derivative transactions; enhanced 
documentation requirements; 
margin requirements for uncleared swaps; position limits; and recordkeeping 
requirements. 
While these changes are intended to mitigate systemic risk and to enhance 
transparency and execution 
quality in the OTC derivative markets, the impact of these changes is not 
known at this time. For instance, 
cleared OTC derivatives are subject to margin requirements established by 
regulated clearinghouses, 
including daily exchanges of cash variation (or mark-to-market) margin and 
an upfront posting of cash or 
securities initial margin to cover the clearinghouse's potential future 
exposure to the default of a party to a 
particular OTC derivative transaction. Furthermore, "financial end users," 
such as the Underlying Fund, 
that enter into OTC derivatives that are not cleared are generally required 
to exchange margin to 
collateralize such derivatives. Under the new rules, the level of margin 
that will be required to be exchanged 
in connection with uncleared derivatives will in many cases be substantially 
greater than the level currently 
required by market participants or clearinghouses. 
These changes could significantly increase the costs to the Underlying Fund 
of utilizing OTC derivatives, 
reduce the level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether 
for risk management or 
investment purposes) through OTC derivatives, and reduce the amounts 
available to the Underlying Fund 
to make non-derivative investments. These changes could also impair 
liquidity in certain OTC derivatives 
and adversely affect the quality of execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could 
adversely impact the Underlying Fund's, and as a result the Access Fund's, 
investment returns. 
Furthermore, the margin requirements for cleared and uncleared OTC 
derivatives may require that 
Glendower, in order to maintain its exemption from commodity pool operator 
("CPO") registration under 
CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), limit the Underlying Fund's ability to enter into 
hedging transactions or to obtain 
EFTA01397867
--- PAGE 69 ---
synthetic investment exposures, in either case adversely affecting the 
Underlying Fund's ability to mitigate 
risk. 
Position Limits. The Dodd-Frank Act significantly expanded the scope of the 
CFTC's authority and 
obligation to require reporting of, and adopt limits on, the size of 
positions that market participants may 
own or control in commodity futures and 
The Dodd-Frank Act also 
narrowed existing exemptions from such 
risk management transactions. 
In accordance with the requirements of 
required to establish, and the 
CFTC has proposed but not yet adopted, 
limits on additional listed futures 
and options on physical commodities and economically equivalent OTC 
derivatives; position limits 
applicable to swaps that are economically equivalent to United States listed 
futures and futures options 
contracts, including contracts on non-physical commodities, such as rates, 
currencies, equities and credit 
default swaps; and aggregate position limits for a broad range of 
derivatives contracts based on the same 
underlying commodity, including swaps and futures and futures options 
contracts. A person (including 
Glendower, the General Partner and the Investment Manager) is generally 
required to aggregate positions 
it owns or controls (including held indirectly through entities in which a 
person has a 10% or greater 
ownership interest) for purposes of current and proposed position limits, 
subject to certain exemptions for, 
among other things, independently traded positions. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
futures options contracts and swaps. 
position limits for a broad range of 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC is 
additional speculative position 
EFTA01397868
--- PAGE 70 ---
Greg Martin 
The full impact of these recent changes is not known at this time. 
Individually and collectively, current and 
proposed position limits and associated aggregation requirements could 
increase the costs to the Underlying 
Fund of maintaining positions in commodity futures and futures option 
contracts and swaps, and reduce the 
level of exposure the Underlying Fund is able to obtain (whether for risk 
management or investment 
purposes) through commodity futures and futures option contracts and swaps. 
These requirements could 
also impair liquidity in certain swaps and adversely affect the quality of 
execution pricing obtained by the 
Underlying Fund, all of which could adversely impact the Underlying Fund's 
investment returns. 
Access Fund Counsel. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP currently serves 
as U.S. counsel for the 
Access Fund. Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP renders legal services to 
the Investment Manager and 
the General Partner and does not represent the interests of any Limited 
Partners in the Access Fund. Maples 
and Calder currently serves as Cayman Islands counsel for the Investment 
Manager and the General Partner. 
Maples and Calder renders legal services to the Investment Manager and the 
General Partner and does not 
represent the interests of any Limited Partners in the Access Fund. No 
independent counsel has been 
retained to act for prospective investors. Prospective investors should seek 
their own legal, tax and financial 
advice before making an investment in the Access Fund. 
Recent Changes in U.S. Tax Law. New legislation known as "An Act to provide 
for reconciliation 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for 
fiscal year 2018" (the "2017 Tax 
Legislation") was enacted on December 22, 2017. 
The 2017 Tax Legislation could have a significant impact on the taxation of 
a Limited Partner's 
investment in the Access Fund and in the Access Fund's investment in the 
Underlying Fund. Changes 
include, among other things, (i) limitations on the deductibility of net 
interest expense, (ii) changes in the 
corporate tax rate, (iii) an expansion of the definition of controlled 
foreign corporation and a deemed 
repatriation of deferred earnings of a 1096-owned foreign corporation, each 
of which may result in 
phantom income for Limited Partners that are U.S. taxable persons, (iv) 
changes to the taxation of income 
derived outside the United States and (v) immediate expensing of 
expenditures for certain tangible 
property, all of which could affect the tax liability of the entities in 
which the Underlying Fund invests, as 
EFTA01397869
--- PAGE 71 ---
well as any returns attributable thereto. In addition, changes that could 
affect a particular Limited 
Partner's investment in the Access Fund include (i) limitations on the 
deductibility of state and local 
income taxes, (ii) the suspension of the deduction for investment expenses 
and all miscellaneous itemized 
deductions; (iii) a reduced tax rate for certain partnership income, not 
including capital gains, qualified 
dividends or most interest income and (iv) changes in the tax treatment of a 
disposition of an interest in 
the Access Fund so that gain or loss from such disposition by a non-U.S. 
partner is treated as effectively 
connected income to the extent a sale of the underlying partnership assets 
would have resulted in income 
effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business, and a potential 
withholding tax on any disposition of 
such a partnership interest. Finally, the 2017 Tax Legislation increased the 
holding period required in 
order for professionals to treat carried interest as capital gain, which may 
increase the amount of taxes 
such professionals would be required to pay with respect to their carried 
interest in the case of amounts 
realized on investments held for three years or less. 
Such changes, together with the 2017 Tax Legislation's potential effect on 
the economy more generally, 
could have a substantial and possibly adverse effect on investment 
valuations and the after-tax returns of 
the Access Fund. In particular, the 2017 Tax Legislation may have a 
significant impact on the profitability 
and financial condition of entities in which the Underlying Fund invests. If 
so, this could have an impact 
on the returns of the Underlying Fund and the Access Fund. The reforms may 
also affect the competitive 
landscape of the private funds sector. At this time, it is not possible to 
predict the full effect of this 
legislation on the Underlying Fund, its potential investments, or the Access 
Fund. Prospective investors 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397870
--- PAGE 72 ---
Greg Martin 
should consult their own tax advisors regarding the implications of the 2017 
Tax Legislation and other 
potential changes in tax laws, including in light of their own particular 
circumstances. 
Annual Income Tax Information. Limited Partners may be required to obtain 
extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local income tax returns. Each Limited Partner will be 
furnished information on an IRS 
Form 1065 Schedule K-1 for preparation of such Limited Partner's individual 
U.S. federal income tax 
return. The furnishing of such information is subject to, among other 
things, the timely receipt by the 
Access Fund of information from the Underlying Fund. 
Taxes in Excess of Distributions; "Phantom" or "Dry" Income. A Limited 
Partner will be taxed on its 
share of taxable income from the Access Fund, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund makes any 
distributions. Such taxable income is commonly referred to as "phantom" or 
"dry" income. Moreover, 
Limited Partners may be allocated taxable income from the Access Fund for a 
tax year, even though they 
only receive distributions in such tax year intended to be treated as a 
return of capital. 
Tax-Exempt Investors and UBTI. Tax-exempt investors (including IRAs) should 
expect to recognize 
UBTI from the Access Fund, which will create a requirement to make tax 
filings and pay taxes. 
Non-U.S. Investors and ECI, U.S. Federal Income Tax Withholding and Branch 
Profits Taxes. NonU.S. 
investors should expect to recognize ECI through the Access Fund. Non-U.S. 
investors also should 
expect to be subject to U.S. federal income tax withholding, and may be 
subject to the U.S. branch profits 
tax, on their shares of income from the Access Fund. 
FATCA. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") requires all 
entities in a broadly defined 
class of foreign financial institutions ("FFIs") to comply with a 
complicated and expansive reporting 
regime or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on certain 
U.S. payments (and beginning 
in 2019, 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
securities) and requires non-U.S. entities that are not FFIs to either 
certify they have no substantial U.S. 
beneficial ownership or to report certain information with respect to their 
substantial U.S. beneficial 
ownership or be subject to 30% U.S. federal income tax withholding on 
certain U.S. payments (and 
beginning in 2019, a 30% U.S withholding tax on gross proceeds from the 
sale of U.S. stocks and 
EFTA01397871
--- PAGE 73 ---
securities). FATCA also contains complex provisions requiring participating 
FFIs to withhold on certain 
"foreign pass thru payments" made to nonparticipating FFIs and to holders 
that fail to provide the required 
information. The definition of a "foreign pass thru payment" is still 
reserved under the current regulations; 
however, the term generally refers to payments that are from non-U.S. 
sources but that are "attributable to" 
certain U.S. payments and gross proceeds as described above. Withholding on 
these payments is not set to 
apply until 2019. The Access Fund may invest in FFIs through the Underlying 
Fund. The reporting 
obligations imposed under FATCA require FFIs to enter into agreements with 
the IRS to obtain and disclose 
information about certain investors to the IRS or, if subject to an 
Intergovernmental Agreement (an "IGA"), 
register with the IRS. IGAs are generally intended to result in the 
automatic exchange of tax information 
through reporting by an FFI to the government or tax authorities of the 
country in which such FFI is 
domiciled, followed by the automatic exchange of the reported information 
with the IRS. These reporting 
requirements may apply to underlying entities in which the Access Fund is 
deemed to invest and the Access 
Fund will not have control over whether such entities comply with the 
reporting regime. Any amounts 
withheld pursuant to FATCA that are allocable to a Limited Partner may, in 
accordance with the Partnership 
Agreement, be deemed to have been distributed to such Limited Partner to the 
extent the taxes reduce the 
amount otherwise distributable to such Limited Partner. Prospective 
investors should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding all aspects of FATCA as it affects their particular 
circumstances. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397872
--- PAGE 74 ---
IIIIIIIIIIreg Martin 
Partnership Audit Legislation. Under the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, 
legislation was enacted that 
significantly changes the rules for U.S. federal income tax audits of 
partnerships (the "BBA Rules"). Such 
audits will continue to be conducted at the partnership level, but with 
respect to U.S. federal income tax 
returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and, unless a 
partnership qualifies for and 
affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount 
of tax due (including interest 
and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. Under the elective 
alternative procedure, a partnership 
would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited 
year, who would then be 
required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax 
liability, and the partnership 
would not be liable for the adjustments. If the Access Fund does not or is 
not able to make such an 
election, then (1) the then current Partners of the Access Fund, in the 
aggregate, could indirectly bear 
income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would 
have been due had the Access 
Fund elected the alternative procedure, and (2) a given Partner may 
indirectly bear taxes attributable to 
income allocable to other Partners or former Partners, including taxes (as 
well as interest and penalties) 
with respect to periods prior to such Partner's ownership of Interests. 
Amounts available for distribution 
to the Partners may be reduced as result of the Access Fund's obligations to 
pay any taxes associated with 
an adjustment. While we cannot provide any assurance, the General Partner 
generally intends to seek to 
ensure that the BBA Rules do not materially modify the current allocation of 
tax costs among Partners. 
Under the Partnership Agreement, current and former Partners may be required 
to indemnify the Access 
Fund for any tax costs that are allocable to them. In addition, if any taxes 
(including any interest and 
penalties) are borne directly by a "tax partnership" in which the Access 
Fund invests (directly or 
indirectly), the General Partner generally intends to appropriately allocate 
the burden of such taxes among 
the Partners and any former Partners. We cannot provide assurance that the 
Access Fund will be eligible 
to make an election under the alternative procedure or that it will, in 
fact, make such an election for any 
given adjustment. Furthermore, the Underlying Fund must comply with the BBA 
Rules as well, and 
therefore the Limited Partners may indirectly suffer adverse consequences as 
a result. Many issues and 
EFTA01397873
--- PAGE 75 ---
the overall effect of the BBA Rules on the Access Fund and the Underlying 
Fund are uncertain, and 
prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding all 
aspects of this legislation as it 
affects their particular circumstances. 
Other Tax Risks. An investment in the Access Fund involves complex U.S. 
federal, state and local and 
foreign income tax considerations that will differ for each Limited Partner. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
are advised to seek the advice of a qualified expert on matters of U.S. 
federal, state and local and foreign 
taxation of the Access Fund and ownership of the Interests. In judging 
whether to invest in the Access 
Fund, a prospective Limited Partner should consider the tax consequences 
thereof which include, but are 
not limited to: 
W the possibility of adverse changes in applicable tax laws; 
W the possibility that a Limited Partner may be required to file tax 
returns and pay tax in jurisdictions 
in which the Access Fund's Assets are deemed to be located and where the 
Access Fund is 
considered to be conducting business; 
iy the possibility that the Interests could decline in value with a Limited 
Partner realizing a capital 
loss if the Access Fund is liquidated or the Limited Partner disposes of its 
Interests, with limitations 
on the deductibility of any such capital loss; 
IV the possibility of substantial taxation of the Access Fund or Limited 
Partners, including imposition 
of state, local and foreign taxes (including withholding taxes), alternative 
minimum taxes and the 
net investment income tax; and 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397874
--- PAGE 76 ---
reg Martin 
flG the possibility that the allocations of the Access Fund's income, gain, 
loss and deduction to the 
Limited Partners will not be respected. 
It is possible that an audit of the Access Fund's (or the Underlying Fund's) 
income tax returns by the IRS 
or other tax authority, if conducted, may result in a material increase in 
taxable income (or a decreased loss) 
to a Limited Partner than what was initially reported to the Limited Partner 
by the Access Fund. Such an 
audit may also result in an audit of a Limited Partner's personal income tax 
returns. Limited Partners will 
not be indemnified for any taxes, penalties and interest that arise in 
connection with any audit. A Limited 
Partner must report each Access Fund item of income, gain, loss, deduction 
or credit for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes consistent with such item's treatment on the Access Fund's U.S. 
federal income tax returns. 
In the event of an audit, the tax treatment of all Access Fund items may be 
determined at the Access Fund 
level in a single proceeding rather than in separate proceedings with each 
Limited Partner. The General 
Partner will take primary responsibility for contesting U.S. federal income 
tax adjustments proposed by the 
IRS, to extend the statute of limitations as to all investors and, in 
certain circumstances, the General Partner 
may be able to bind investors to a settlement with the IRS. Each Limited 
Partner's participation in 
administrative or judicial proceedings relating to the Access Fund items 
would be restricted. 
See Section IV, "Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations" for a more 
detailed discussion of the 
significant tax considerations relevant to an investment in an Interest. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397875
--- PAGE 77 ---
Greg Martin 
IV. TAX, REGULATORY AND CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following discussion is a brief summary of certain U.S. federal income 
tax considerations that may be 
applicable to an investment in the Access Fund. This discussion is based 
upon the Code, existing U.S. 
Treasury Regulations, and judicial decisions and administrative 
interpretations thereunder, all as of the date 
of this Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect, or are subject to 
different interpretations. We cannot assure you that the IRS will not take a 
different position regarding one 
or more of the tax considerations described below. We have not obtained and 
do not intend to obtain a 
ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel with respect to the U.S. 
federal tax considerations resulting 
from acquiring, holding or disposing of the Limited Partnership Interests. 
This discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax considerations 
that may be important to a 
particular Limited Partner in light of the Limited Partner's circumstances 
or to certain categories of Limited 
Partners that may be subject to special rules (such as financial 
institutions, insurance companies, dealers in 
securities, U.S. expatriates, Limited Partners whose functional currency is 
not the U.S. dollar, or persons 
who hold the Interests as part of a hedge, conversion transaction, straddle 
or other risk reduction transaction 
or otherwise as part of a "synthetic asset"). This discussion is limited to 
beneficial owners who purchase 
the Interests for cash at original issuance from the Access Fund. This 
discussion also does not address the 
tax considerations arising under the laws of any foreign, state or local 
jurisdiction or the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. persons of an 
investment in the Access Fund. In 
addition, this discussion should be read in conjunction with the discussion 
of tax considerations contained 
in the Underlying Fund PPM, as the tax consequences described therein could 
have a material impact on 
Limited Partners and their investment in the Access Fund. 
The U.S. federal income tax considerations discussed in this summary are 
applicable to Limited Partners 
who or that are U.S. persons. Limited Partners who are not U.S. persons 
should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding the United States income tax consequences of an 
investment in the Access Fund. For 
purposes of this summary, a "U.S. person" generally is for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (1) an 
individual citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation (or 
other entity treated as a corporation 
EFTA01397876
--- PAGE 78 ---
for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or under the 
laws of the United States, any 
state thereof or the District of Columbia; (3) an estate the income of which 
is subject to U.S. federal income 
taxation regardless of its source; or (4) a trust which either (i) is 
subject to the primary supervision of a 
court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons have the 
authority to control all substantial 
decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under 
applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be 
treated as a U.S. person. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes holds the 
Interests, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the partnership and an 
equity holder of the partnership 
generally depends upon the status of the equity holder and the activities of 
the partnership. If you are an 
equity holder in such a partnership holding the Interests, you should 
consult your own tax advisors. 
This summary is based on the assumptions that each Limited Partner (i) will 
provide all appropriate 
certifications to the Access Fund in a timely fashion to minimize 
withholding, including backup 
withholding and withholding under FATCA, on its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's income; (ii) will 
hold its Interests as a capital asset for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
and (iii) holds its Interests for its 
own account and not as an agent or nominee for another person. Each 
prospective Limited Partner should 
also note that this summary does not address the interaction of U.S. federal 
tax laws and any income or 
estate tax treaties between the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397877
--- PAGE 79 ---
Greg Martin 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will concur with the tax consequences 
set forth below. Each 
prospective investor is advised to consult its own tax and financial 
advisors as to the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Access Fund and as to applicable 
state, local, estate, foreign or 
other tax laws. 
THIS SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO BE, AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS, 
LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE TO ANY PROSPECTIVE LIMITED PARTNER. PROSPECTIVE 
LIMITED PARTNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT 
TO THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES AND ANY OTHER POTENTIAL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCALITY OR OTHER 
RELEVANT TAXING JURISDICTION ARISING FROM THE ACQUISITION, HOLDING OR 
DISPOSAL OF INTERESTS. 
Status for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes. It is expected that the Access 
Fund and the Underlying 
Fund (together, the "Funds") each will be treated as a partnership for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
As a partnership, a Fund generally will not be responsible for the payment 
of any U.S. federal income taxes 
associated with its operations (although it may be required to withhold or 
pay taxes under the BBA Rules 
or on behalf of its partners in certain circumstances). Instead, the taxable 
income or loss of a Fund for a 
taxable year (including the Access Fund's share of such items from the 
Underlying Fund) will pass through 
and be included in the computation of the taxable income and loss of the 
Limited Partners (subject to the 
limitations discussed below) regardless of whether a Fund distributes any 
amounts to its partners. 
Accordingly, it is possible that a Limited Partner will have a greater 
amount of taxable income allocable to 
it from the Access Fund for a taxable year than the amount of cash 
distributed to it from the Access Fund 
and may be required to pay taxes on its share of the Access Fund's taxable 
income using cash from other 
sources. 
A Fund could fail to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes in future years as a result 
of a variety of developments including, (i) modifications of the law 
governing the classification of entities 
as partnerships and (ii) characterization of a Fund as a "publicly traded 
partnership" as a result of the volume 
and nature of contributions of capital and redemptions and transfers of 
partnership interests. Failure to 
qualify as a partnership generally would result in a Fund's treatment as a 
corporation for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. As a corporation, a Fund would generally be subject to 
an entity-level U.S. federal 
income tax, and all or a portion of its distributions (other than upon 
EFTA01397878
--- PAGE 80 ---
liquidation of a Fund or a partner's 
interests in the Fund) could be characterized as dividends. If a Fund was 
treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," then it would be taxable as a corporation unless 90% or more 
of its gross income for each 
taxable year consisted of "qualifying income" including interest, dividends 
and gain from the sale of capital 
assets. If a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded partnership," we cannot 
assure you that the Fund would 
meet this 90% test. Thus, if a Fund is treated as a "publicly traded 
partnership," it may qualify as a 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In addition, while we expect that the Underlying Fund will qualify as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes as well, we can provide no assurance to this effect. Assuming 
the Underlying Fund is so 
treated, the Access Fund generally will be deemed to realize its pro rata 
share of income, gain, deduction 
or loss realized by the Underlying Fund for such purposes. If instead the 
Underlying Fund was treated as 
a corporation for such purposes, each Limited Partner will bear its pro rata 
share of corporate taxes borne 
by the Underlying Fund. 
The following discussion assumes each Fund will qualify as a partnership for 
U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397879
--- PAGE 81 ---
reg Martin 
UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, REFERENCES IN THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE ACCESS FUND'S INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, 
INCOME, GAIN AND LOSS INCLUDE INDIRECT INVESTMENTS, ACTIVITIES, INCOME, 
GAIN AND LOSS OF THE ACCESS FUND AS A RESULT OF THE ACCESS FUND'S STATUS 
AS A LIMITED PARTNER OF THE UNDERLYING FUND. 
Limited Partner's Tax Basis in its Interests. A Limited Partner's tax basis 
in its Interests would include 
the amount of money and/or the tax basis of property (if any) that the 
Limited Partner contributes to the 
Access Fund, increased principally by the Limited Partner's distributive 
share of any Access Fund income 
and certain Access Fund liabilities (if any), and decreased, but not below 
zero, principally by (i) the amount 
of cash distributions from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner and the 
adjusted tax basis of any 
distributions in-kind from the Access Fund to the Limited Partner, (ii) the 
amount of the Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access Fund's losses and (iii) the Limited 
Partner's share of a reduction in certain 
Access Fund liabilities, if any. We can provide no assurance with respect to 
the amount of Fund liabilities 
that would be allocated to any Limited Partner for this purpose. 
Distributions. A cash distribution to a Limited Partner generally will be 
taxable only to the extent that it 
exceeds the Limited Partner's tax basis in its Interests. The amount of the 
distribution, if any, that is in 
excess of tax basis will be considered to be gain from the sale of the 
Interests and generally taxable as a 
capital gain except to the extent attributable to certain ordinary income 
items of the Access Fund. Subject 
to certain exceptions, a Limited Partner generally would recognize loss with 
respect to its Interests only 
upon the receipt of a distribution consisting solely of cash in an amount 
that was less than the Limited 
Partner's tax basis in its Interests and which occurred in connection with a 
complete liquidation of the 
Limited Partner's Interests. 
Distributions of property other than cash, whether in complete or partial 
liquidation of a Limited Partner's 
Interests, generally would not result in the recognition of taxable income 
or loss to the Limited Partner 
(except to the extent such distribution is treated as made in exchange for 
such Limited Partner's share of 
the Access Fund's unrealized receivables). However, that gain generally must 
be recognized by a Limited 
Partner where the distribution consists of marketable securities unless the 
distributing partnership is an 
"investment partnership" and the recipient is an "eligible partner," both as 
defined in Section 731(c) of the 
Code. Each Fund will determine at the appropriate time whether it qualifies 
EFTA01397880
--- PAGE 82 ---
as an "investment partnership." 
Assuming it so qualifies, if a partner is an "eligible partner," which term 
should include a Limited Partner 
whose contributions to the Fund consisted solely of cash, the non-
recognition rule described herein should 
apply. 
Allocations of Income and Loss to Limited Partners. Pursuant to the 
Partnership Agreement, items of the 
Access Fund's income gain, loss and deduction are allocated so as to take 
into account the varying interests 
of the Partners in the Access Fund. U.S. Treasury Regulations provide that 
allocations of items of 
partnership income, gain, loss, deduction or credit will be respected for 
tax purposes if such allocations 
have "substantial economic effect" or are determined to be in accordance 
with the partners' interests in a 
partnership. The Access Fund believes that, for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, allocations pursuant to 
the Partnership Agreement should be given effect, and the General Partner 
intends to prepare the Access 
Fund's U.S. federal income tax returns based on such allocations. We can 
provide no assurance that a 
Fund's allocations will be respected. If a Fund's allocations are 
successfully challenged and re-determined 
by the IRS, such redetermination could be less favorable than the 
allocations set forth in the applicable 
limited partnership agreement. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397881
--- PAGE 83 ---
Greg Martin 
Sale of Interests. A Limited Partner generally will recognize capital gain 
or loss on the sale of Interests, 
except for any gain attributable to unrealized receivables or inventory 
items (which are broadly defined for 
this purpose) held by the Access Fund at the time of the sale. The 
difference between the amount realized 
upon a sale of Interests and the Limited Partner's adjusted tax basis in the 
Interests would determine the 
amount of gain or loss recognized. For this purpose, the amount realized 
would include the Limited 
Partner's share of any Access Fund liabilities, as discussed above. 
In general, the sale of Interests by a Limited Partner will not affect the 
Access Fund's ongoing operations. 
If, however, Interests representing 50% or more of the Access Fund were to 
be sold within a twelve-month 
period, then the Access Fund would terminate for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. The Partnership 
Agreement generally prohibits transfers of Interests without the consent of 
the General Partner. 
Tax Basis Adjustments. The Partnership Agreement does not require the 
General Partner to make an 
election under Section 754 of the Code to adjust the tax basis of its assets 
upon the sale or other disposition 
of Interests or upon the distribution to Partners of cash or assets in-kind, 
nor does it prohibit the General 
Partner from doing so. Any such election, once made, cannot be revoked 
without the IRS' consent. The 
actual effect of any such election may depend upon whether the Underlying 
Fund also makes such an 
election. As a result of the complexity and added expense of the tax 
accounting required to implement such 
an election, the General Partner presently does not intend to make such an 
election. If the Access Fund 
makes the election or otherwise must make an adjustment to the tax bases on 
in its assets, any transferee of 
Interests must reimburse the Fund its costs incurred to make any tax basis 
adjustments required pursuant to 
the election. 
A Fund generally would be required to adjust the tax basis of its assets in 
the same manner as if a 
Section 754 election were in effect upon (i) transfers of interests in that 
Fund at a time when the adjusted 
tax basis of its assets exceeds their fair market value by more than 
$250,000 and (ii) distributions of cash 
or property to a partner that would have produced a downward adjustment in 
the tax basis of the assets of 
the Fund of more than $250,000 had a Section 754 election been in effect. In 
lieu of the adjustment 
described in clause (i) of the preceding sentence, if a Fund qualifies to 
make an election to be an "electing 
EFTA01397882
--- PAGE 84 ---
investment partnership," as defined in Section 743 of the Code, the Fund 
could elect to preclude the 
transferee of the Fund's interests from deducting its allocable share of any 
loss realized by the Fund on the 
sale or exchange of the Fund's assets to the extent the transferor Partner 
realized a loss on the original 
transfer of its interests in such Fund. Each Fund would determine at the 
appropriate time whether it qualifies 
to make an election to be an "electing investment partnership," and we can 
be no assurance that it would so 
qualify. In addition, because of the limited relief provided by such 
election and the complexity required to 
determine the amount of loss that the transferee partner could not deduct, 
even if the corresponding Fund 
so qualifies, such Fund may determine that such election should not be made. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Interest Expense. For non-corporate 
taxpayers, Section 163(d) of the Code 
limits the deduction for "investment interest" (i.e., interest or short sale 
expenses for "indebtedness properly 
allocable to property held for investment"). Investment interest is not 
deductible in the current year to the 
extent that it exceeds the taxpayer's "investment income," consisting of net 
gain and ordinary income 
derived from investments in the current year. Long-term capital gain is 
excluded from investment income 
for this purpose unless the taxpayer elects to pay tax on such amount at 
ordinary income tax rates. The 
deduction for any investment interest that is disallowed under Section 
163(d) of the Code for any year may 
generally be carried forward and used in subsequent years, subject to the 
limitations of Section 163(d) in 
the subsequent years. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397883
--- PAGE 85 ---
IMI 
Greg Martin 
or purposes of this provision, income of the Access Fund may be treated as 
investment income, and the 
investment interest limitation may apply to a non-corporate Limited 
Partner's share of any interest expense 
attributable to the Access Fund's operations. In such case, a non-corporate 
Limited Partner could be denied 
a deduction for all or part of that portion of its distributive share of the 
Access Fund's ordinary losses 
attributable to interest expenses. The investment interest limitation may 
also apply to interest paid by a 
non-corporate Limited Partner on money borrowed to finance its investment in 
the Access Fund. 
Prospective Limited Partners are advised to consult with their own tax 
advisors with respect to the 
application of the investment interest limitation in their particular tax 
situations. 
Application of Rules for Income and Losses from Passive Activities. The Code 
restricts the deductibility 
of losses from a "passive activity" against certain income that is not 
derived from a passive activity. This 
restriction applies to individuals, certain trusts, estates, personal 
service corporations and certain closely 
held corporations. Depending on the nature of the investments of a Fund, 
losses flowing through the Access 
Fund to Limited Partners may be subject to these passive activity, loss 
limitation rules. 
At-Risk Limitations. A Limited Partner that is subject to the "at-risk 
limitations" (generally, non-corporate 
taxpayers and closely held corporations) may not deduct losses of the Access 
Fund to the extent that they 
exceed the amount such Limited Partner has "at risk" with respect to its 
Interests at the end of the year. 
Generally, a Limited Partner's investment in the Access Fund would be 
considered "at risk" to the extent it 
is made with cash, with property, or with the proceeds of a loan for which 
the Limited Partner is personally 
liable or which is secured by personal assets other than an interest in the 
Access Fund (to the extent of the 
net fair market value of the Limited Partner's interest in those assets). 
Such amount will be increased by 
the Limited Partner's share of subsequent income of the Access Fund and 
contributions to the Access Fund 
and decreased by the Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's losses and 
distributions (including 
withdrawal distributions). Deductions or losses of the Access Fund 
previously disallowed under the at-risk 
rules may be used to offset gain on the Limited Partner's sale or exchange 
of its Interests, including any 
amounts treated as gain in connection with a distribution in excess of the 
Limited Partner's tax basis in its 
EFTA01397884
--- PAGE 86 ---
Interests. If the amount that a Limited Partner is considered to have at 
risk in the Access Fund falls below 
zero (e.g., because of a distribution to the Limited Partner), the 
difference between the at-risk amount and 
zero may be included in income to the extent that losses of the Access Fund 
were previously deducted by 
that Limited Partner, and the amount so included in income will be treated 
as a deduction generated by the 
Access Fund in the following taxable year. 
Deductibility of Access Fund Expenses by Non-Corporate Limited Partners. 
Prospective investors who 
are individuals or certain closely held corporations should be aware that 
they could be subject to various 
limitations on their ability to use their allocable share of deductions and 
losses of the Partnership against 
other income. 
For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 
2026, non-corporate taxpayers 
will be unable to take any deductions relating to "investment interest" and 
"miscellaneous itemized 
investment expenses." For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025, 
such deductions will be 
available to non-corporate taxpayers, subject to certain limitations. 
The consequences of the investment expense limitations will vary depending 
upon the particular tax 
situation of each taxpayer. Accordingly, non-corporate Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax 
advisors with respect to the application of these limitations. 
A Limited Partner will not be permitted to deduct syndication expenses and 
other expenses associated with 
the purchase of Interests, including placement fees, paid by such Limited 
Partner or the Access Fund. Any 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397885
--- PAGE 87 ---
Greg Martin 
such amounts paid by a Limited Partner will be included in the adjusted tax 
basis of its Interests. Start-up 
and organizational expenses are generally amortized for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes over a fifteen 
(15) year period. 
Limitation on Deductibility of Capital Losses. Capital losses generally may 
be deducted only to the extent 
of capital gains, except for non-corporate taxpayers who are allowed to 
deduct $3,000 of capital losses per 
year against ordinary income without regard to capital gains. Corporate 
taxpayers may carry back unused 
capital losses for three years and may carry forward such losses for five 
years; non-corporate taxpayers may 
carry forward unused capital losses indefinitely. 
Tax Treatment of Investments. In general and except as discussed below, the 
Access Fund expects that its 
gains will be treated as capital gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Capital gain on assets held for 
more than one year generally qualify as long-term capital gain. 
The Access Fund will recognize ordinary income from the interest income and 
fees it receives from lending 
money. Any gain or loss realized on the disposition of debt investments may, 
depending upon the 
circumstances of the holder at the time of any such sale, be treated as 
ordinary or capital. The actual 
character of the Access Fund's gain or loss on the disposition of loans will 
depend on several considerations, 
including whether the holder is treated as a trader or investor, on the one 
hand, or a dealer, on the other 
hand. A trader and an investor are persons who buy and sell securities for 
their own accounts. A dealer, in 
contrast, is a person who engages in transactions with "customers" rather 
than for investment or speculation. 
If the IRS were to characterize any part of a Fund's activities as those of 
a dealer, such Fund's gain or loss 
on any "dealer" property would be ordinary income or loss. 
The Access Fund expects to recognize ordinary income from accruals of 
interest on debt investments. The 
Access Fund may be deemed to hold debt investments with original issue 
discount ("OID"), which for this 
purpose includes "payments-in-kind," or PIK, interest. In such case, the 
Access Fund would be required to 
include amounts in taxable income on a current basis even though receipt of 
such amounts may occur in a 
subsequent year. The Access Fund may also be deemed to hold loans with 
"market discount." Upon 
disposition of such an obligation, the Access Fund generally would be 
required to treat gain recognized as 
ordinary income to the extent of the market discount that accrued during the 
period the debt obligation was 
EFTA01397886
--- PAGE 88 ---
held by the Access Fund. Elections also may be made where market discount is 
included in income by the 
holder during the term of ownership. 
In addition, the Access Fund may be deemed to hold "contingent payment debt 
instruments." In general, 
all of the Access Fund's income and gains on a contingent payment debt 
instrument will be ordinary income, 
including gain on the sale of exchange of a contingent payment debt 
instrument, regardless of whether the 
Access Fund holds the instrument as a capital asset. Furthermore, all of the 
interest income on a contingent 
payment debt instrument will be treated as OID, regardless of whether the 
instrument has regular coupons. 
We cannot predict what portion of the Access Fund's portfolio would consist 
of contingent payment debt 
instruments. 
Furthermore, there are a number of uncertainties in the U.S. federal income 
tax law relating to debt 
restructuring. In general, a "significant modification" of a debt obligation 
acquired by the Access Fund at 
a discount is treated as a taxable event to the Access Fund, with the 
resulting gain or loss measured by the 
difference between the principal amount of the debt after the modification 
and the Access Fund's tax basis 
in such debt before the modification. However, other than for certain "safe 
harbor" modifications specified 
in U.S. Treasury Regulations, the determination of whether a modification is 
"significant" is based on all 
of the facts and circumstances. Therefore, it is possible that the IRS could 
take the position that the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397887
--- PAGE 89 ---
reg Martin 
res ruc uring of a debt obligation acquired by the Access Fund at a discount 
amounts to a "significant 
modification" that should be treated as a taxable event even if the Access 
Fund did not so treat the 
restructuring on its U.S. federal income tax return. 
Furthermore, the Access Fund may be deemed to invest in derivatives with 
complex or uncertain U.S. 
federal income tax consequences to Limited Partners. 
In addition, the Access Fund may invest in any entity treated as partnership 
for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, and the Access Fund's U.S. federal income tax consequences will 
depend on the nature of the 
investments and activities of such entity. 
Furthermore, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before 
January 1, 2026, noncorporate 
taxpayers generally will be allowed a deduction in an amount equal to 20% of 
the domestic 
"qualified business income" they received through a partnership. Qualified 
business income generally does 
not include investment income or income from services businesses, including 
investment management 
businesses, and therefore the 20% deduction is unlikely to be available in 
respect of income allocable to a 
Limited Partner from its investment in the Access Fund. 
Finally, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors (as defined herein) should be aware that 
certain investments of the 
Access Fund may cause them to have material amounts of UBTI, which is 
subject to federal income taxation 
and may be subject to state and local taxation as well. See discussion below 
under "Tax-Exempt Investors." 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the 
application of these rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Work-Outs. 
It is possible that a company in which the Access Fund invests will face 
financial difficulty, 
requiring the holder to work-out or otherwise restructure its investment in 
the company. It is not possible 
to predict the terms of any such restructuring and accordingly any such 
restructuring could give rise to 
adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to the Access Fund (and 
therefore the Limited Partners). 
Passive Foreign Investment Companies. The Access Fund may invest in a non-
U.S. corporation that is 
classified as a "passive foreign investment company" ("PFIC"), which would 
cause Limited Partners to be 
subject to taxation under Sections 1291 through 1298 of the Code. In 
general, a non-U.S. corporation is 
classified as a PFIC if (i) 75% or more of its gross income constitutes 
"passive income" (generally, interest, 
EFTA01397888
--- PAGE 90 ---
dividends, royalties, rent and similar income, and gains on disposition of 
assets that generate such income), 
or (ii) 50% or more of its assets produce passive income or are held for the 
production of such income. 
If the Access Fund invests in a company that is classified as a PFIC, the 
Limited Partners may be subject 
to increased tax liability upon the Access Fund's disposition of that 
company's stock or upon the receipt of 
certain distributions. In certain cases, a Fund may be able to make an 
election to have an alternative tax 
treatment apply with respect to a PFIC. 
We cannot predict at this time whether any company in which the Access Fund 
invests may be subject to 
the PFIC regime, nor can it predict the effect of any applicable elections 
which may be made by a Fund. 
The application of the PFIC rules to the Access Fund and its Limited 
Partners is complex. Limited Partners 
should consult their own tax advisors about the applicability and U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of 
the PFIC rules to their investment in the Access Fund. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397889
--- PAGE 91 ---
Greg Martin 
Controlled Foreign Corporations Special rules apply to U.S. persons who 
own, directly or indirectly and 
applying certain attribution rules, 10% or more of the total combined voting 
power or total value of all 
classes of stock of a non-U.S. corporation (each, a "United States 
Shareholder") that is a "controlled 
foreign corporation" ("CFC"). A non-U.S. corporation generally will be a CFC 
if United States 
Shareholders collectively own more than 50% of the total combined voting 
power or total value of the 
corporation's stock on any day during any taxable year. 
If the Access Fund invests in a CFC and is a United States Shareholder, its 
Limited Partners who are U.S. 
persons will be subject to tax under the CFC rules. As a result, each such 
Limited Partner must include in 
its gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes its distributive share 
of certain earnings and profits 
of the CFC. In addition, under Section 1248 of the Code, each such Limited 
Partner must treat a portion of 
its distributive share of any gain realized by the Access Fund upon 
disposition of the stock of the CFC as 
dividend income to the extent of certain earnings and profits of the CFC 
attributable to such stock. Further, 
if a Limited Partner disposes of its Interests, the Limited Partner may be 
required to recognize ordinary 
income under Section 751 of the Code equal to its distributive share of any 
Section 1248 income that would 
have been triggered if the Access Fund had sold its interest in the CFC at 
fair market value. 
Moreover, under the 2017 Tax Legislation, the deferred earnings of certain 
foreign corporations will be 
deemed repatriated, and treated as if they were distributed to their United 
States Shareholders. Consequently, 
if the Access Fund invests in a foreign corporation and is a United States 
Shareholder, its Limited Partners 
who are U.S. Persons may be deemed to receive their distributive share of 
certain accumulated earnings 
and profits of such foreign corporation. 
The application of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to the Access Fund 
and Limited Partners is 
complex. Limited Partners should consult their own tax advisors about the 
applicability and U.S. federal 
income tax consequences of the CFC and deemed repatriation rules to their 
investment in the Access Fund. 
Foreign Currency Gain or Loss. A Limited Partner's distributive share of any 
profit or loss realized by 
the Access Fund on the conversion of U.S. dollars into non-U.S. currency, or 
of non-U.S. currency into 
U.S. dollars, generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss rather 
than capital gain or loss. Further, 
EFTA01397890
--- PAGE 92 ---
if the Access Fund invests in a debt investment or 
obligor under a debt instrument 
or enters into certain other transactions, any of 
terms of a currency other than its 
functional currency, fluctuations in the value of 
its functional currency generally 
will result in foreign currency gain or loss. Any 
loss realized by the Access Fund 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or 
gain or loss, and any Limited Partner 
will be subject to tax on its allocable share 
Tax-Exempt Investors. The Underlying Fund may 
entities that are treated as flowthrough 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) 
income if they borrow 
funds, or (iii) generate some income, 
transaction fees, each of which 
may cause investors that are U.S. Tax 
amounts of UBTI. A U.S. TaxExempt 
Investor's allocable share of Access 
subject to federal 
income taxation and might 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
only invest in the Access 
amounts of UBTI. 
Potential U.S. Tax-Exempt 
may use leverage that 
would be treated as acquisition 
of the income from the Access 
Fund being taxable as UBTI to U.S. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
effectively becomes the 
which is denominated in 
that currency relative to 
foreign currency gain or 
loss rather than capital 
of such income or loss. 
(i) invest in operating 
generate unrelated debt-financed 
for example, from break-up fees or 
-Exempt Investors to incur material 
Fund income constituting UBTI would be 
be subject to state and local taxation as well. 
should 
Fund if they are willing to receive material 
Investors should be aware that the Underlying Fund 
indebtedness resulting in a 
Tax-Exempt Investors. 
material portion 
EFTA01397891
--- PAGE 93 ---
Greg Martin 
Additionally, if a U.S. Tax-Exempt Investor incurs debt to finance its 
Interest, all or a portion of the income 
or gain attributed to the Interest would be included in UBTI, regardless of 
whether such income or gain 
would otherwise be excluded as dividends, interest or income which is not 
normally UBTI. 
U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are "charitable remainder trusts" are subject 
to a 100% excise tax on their 
UBTI. 
Further, certain U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors may be subject to an excise tax 
if the Access Fund engages in 
a "prohibited tax shelter transaction" or a "subsequently listed 
transaction" as defined in Section 4965 of 
the Code. If the Access Fund engages in a prohibited tax shelter 
transaction, U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors 
may be subject to substantial penalties if they fail to comply with special 
disclosure requirements, and their 
managers may also be subject to substantial penalties. Prospective investors 
are urged to consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the applicability of these rules to an investment in 
the Access Fund. 
The Interests are being offered only to U.S. taxable investors and U.S. Tax-
Exempt Investors that are willing 
to receive material amounts of UBTI. U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors that are not 
willing to receive material 
amounts of UBTI should not invest in the Access Fund A Feeder Fund may be 
organized to accommodate 
certain qualified U.S. Tax-Exempt Investors who do not wish to receive UBTI. 
United States Foreign Tax Credits. Subject to applicable limitations, a 
Limited Partner that is subject to 
U.S. federal income taxation generally should be entitled to elect to treat 
foreign taxes withheld from such 
Limited Partner's share of the Access Fund's dividend and interest income as 
foreign income taxes eligible 
for credit against such Limited Partner's U.S. federal income tax liability. 
Capital gains recognized by the 
Access Fund, however, generally are considered to be from sources within the 
United States, which may 
effectively limit the amount of foreign tax credit allowed to the Limited 
Partner. Complex tax rules may 
limit the availability or use of foreign tax credits, depending on each 
Limited Partner's particular 
circumstances. Because of these limitations, Limited Partners may be unable 
to claim a credit for the full 
amount of their proportionate shares of any foreign taxes paid by or 
allocable to the Access Fund. Limited 
Partners that do not elect to treat their shares of foreign taxes as 
creditable generally may claim a deduction 
against U.S. federal taxable income for such taxes (subject to applicable 
limitations on losses and 
EFTA01397892
--- PAGE 94 ---
deductions). Because the availability of a credit or deduction depends on 
the particular circumstances of 
each Limited Partner, Limited Partners are advised to consult their own tax 
advisors. 
Tax Returns; Audit. The Access Fund is required to file annual information 
returns reporting its income, 
expenses and other tax items and the amounts of such items properly 
allocable to the Partners. The Access 
Fund's tax returns are subject to review by the IRS and other taxing 
authorities, which may dispute the 
Access Fund's tax positions. Any recharacterizations or adjustments 
resulting from an audit may require 
each Limited Partner to file amended tax returns and/or pay additional 
income taxes, interest or penalties 
and possibly may result in an audit of the Limited Partner's own tax return. 
The General Partner, as the Access Fund's tax matters partner and 
partnership representative, will have 
considerable authority with respect to the tax treatment of Access Fund 
items and the procedural rights of 
the Limited Partners. Following an audit of a Fund, under the BBA Rules, the 
Access Fund may be required 
to pay taxes on behalf of its partners or its own behalf. 
In addition, the BBA Rules will apply to the Underlying Fund and any 
entities treated as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes in which the Underlying Fund acquires an 
interest. Accordingly, the 
Access Fund may bear a portion of the tax liability resulting from any audit 
adjustment of the Underlying 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397893
--- PAGE 95 ---
reg Martin 
un or a partnership in which the Underlying Fund invests (even if, with 
respect to such partnership, the 
Underlying Fund was not a partner of the partnership during the tax year 
under audit). 
United States Tax Reporting by Limited Partners that are Owners of Non-U.S. 
Entities. United States tax 
rules impose information reporting requirements on U.S. persons that own, 
either directly or indirectly 
under certain attribution rules, more than certain threshold amounts of 
stock in a non-U.S. corporation. 
These persons must disclose, among other things, various transactions 
between themselves and those nonU.S. 
corporations. For this purpose, stock ownership is determined with regard to 
certain stock attribution 
rules, and each Limited Partner is treated as owning part or all of the 
stock owned directly or indirectly by 
the Access Fund. In certain circumstances, these rules may require Limited 
Partners to file reports annually. 
A significant monetary penalty may be imposed on a Limited Partner that 
fails to satisfy any applicable 
reporting requirements. 
A Limited Partner will be responsible for determining whether it is required 
to file any information returns 
or statements or otherwise report any information with respect to any non-
U.S. entities as a result of owning 
Interests, and for satisfying any such filing or reporting requirements. The 
Access Fund may not be able to 
provide a Limited Partner with information requested by the Limited Partner 
in connection with completing 
any filing requirements due to confidentiality restrictions, unavailability 
of the information requested or 
other reasons. 
Specifically, U.S. individuals (and possibly certain entities) are generally 
required to file certain 
information with their annual U S. federal income tax return regarding 
interests they hold in foreign 
entities or accounts worth more than $50,000 at any time during the year. 
If the General Partner were to 
offer a structure where Limited Partners own their investment in the Access 
Fund through a non-U.S. 
entity, it is possible any such Limited Partners would be subject to such 
information reporting. In addition, 
a separate obligation to file an annual Report of Foreign Bank and Financial 
Accounts (an "FBAR") 
applies to any U.S. person who has a financial interest in, or signature or 
other authority over, non-U.S. 
financial accounts worth more than $10,000 at any time during the year. 
Under the FBAR regulations, 
ownership by a U.S. person of an interest in a foreign private fund entity 
is not currently subject to FBAR 
EFTA01397894
--- PAGE 96 ---
reporting, but the regulations continue to reserve on the application of the 
FBAR rules to such interest. 
Potential investors should discuss the application of the above rules with 
their own advisers in light of 
their individual circumstances. 
Qualified Dividend Income. Subject to certain elections, "qualified dividend 
income" is generally taxable 
to non-corporate taxpayers at reduced U.S. federal income tax rates. A 
Limited Partner's qualified dividend 
income may include the Limited Partner's indirect allocable share of certain 
dividends received by the 
Access Fund from U.S. corporations and qualified foreign corporations. 
Subject to certain limitations, 
qualified foreign corporations include those incorporated in a possession of 
the United States and foreign 
corporations eligible for benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty 
identified by the IRS, but do not 
include foreign corporations that are treated as "passive foreign investment 
companies" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. A dividend of a foreign corporation may also be treated 
as qualified dividend income 
if the stock with respect to which the dividend is paid is readily tradable 
on an established securities market 
in the United States. 
In order for Limited Partners to qualify for the lower tax rate with respect 
to their indirect allocable share 
of qualified dividends, however, the Access Fund must hold the shares of 
stock producing the dividend for 
at least 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 
days before the date such shares 
become ex-dividend. For preferred stock, the required periods are increased 
from 61 days to 91 days and 
from 121 days to 181 days if the dividends are attributable to periods 
totaling more than 366 days; if the 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397895
--- PAGE 97 ---
reg Martin 
pre erre dividends are attributable to periods totaling less than 367 days, 
the 60 day holding period 
discussed herein applies. A dividend is not qualified dividend income to the 
extent that the Access Fund is 
under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make 
related payments with respect 
to positions in substantially similar or related property. If the Access 
Fund realizes qualified dividend 
income, the Access Fund will report to its Limited Partners their respective 
shares of such income. 
Notwithstanding the above, a Limited Partner's allocable share of qualified 
dividend income will not 
qualify for the reduced rate to the extent such Limited Partner elects to 
include such dividend income as 
investment income for purposes of the investment interest expense deduction 
discussed below. A Limited 
Partner's foreign tax credit may be limited to the extent it relates to 
qualified dividend income taxed at the 
reduced rates of tax. 
Dividends-Received Deduction. A portion of income from the Access Fund 
allocable to corporate Limited 
Partners may qualify for the "dividends-received deduction." The dividends-
received deduction applies to 
certain dividends received from certain corporations. 
Medicare Tax. A 3.8% Medicare contribution tax generally is imposed on the 
net investment income of 
U.S. individuals, estates and trusts whose income exceeds certain threshold 
amounts. For U.S. individuals, 
this threshold generally will be exceeded if an individual has adjusted 
gross income that exceeds $200,000 
($250,000 if married and filing jointly/$125,000 if married and filing 
separately). For this purpose, net 
investment income generally is expected to include a Limited Partner's 
distributive share of the Access 
Fund's income and net gains, as well as net capital gains attributable to a 
sale of the Limited Partner's 
Interests, over deductions properly allocable to such income and net gains. 
Prospective Limited Partners 
that are U.S. individuals, estates or trusts are urged to consult their tax 
advisors regarding the applicability 
of the Medicare tax in their particular circumstances. 
Taxation of Interests—Other Taxes. The Access Fund and Limited Partners may 
be subject to other taxes, 
such as the alternative minimum tax and foreign, state and local income 
taxes (including withholding taxes) 
and estate, inheritance or intangible property taxes that may be imposed by 
various jurisdictions, including 
the State and City of New York, where the Access Fund's principal office is 
currently located, and any 
other state in which the Access Fund is deemed to conduct business or hold 
EFTA01397896
--- PAGE 98 ---
assets. For taxable years 
beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, substantial 
limitations will apply to 
investors' ability to deduct their allocable share of any such state and 
local taxes. Each prospective investor 
should consider the potential consequences of such taxes on an investment in 
the Access Fund. It is the 
responsibility of each prospective investor to satisfy itself as to, among 
other things, the legal and tax 
consequences of an investment in the Access Fund under state law, including 
the laws of the state(s) of its 
domicile and its residence, by obtaining advice from its own tax advisor, 
and to file all appropriate tax 
returns that may be required. 
The Access Fund will treat any tax withheld from or otherwise payable with 
respect to income allocable to 
the Access Fund as cash received by the Access Fund and will treat each 
Limited Partner as receiving as a 
distribution the portion of such tax that is attributable to such Limited 
Partner and therefore shall reduce 
distributions otherwise to be made to such Limited Partner. Similar 
provisions would apply in the case of 
taxes required to be withheld by the Access Fund or when the Access Fund 
must pay taxes on behalf of the 
Limited Partners. 
Possible Legislative or Other Changes. The Code, with respect to all of the 
foregoing matters and other 
matters that may affect the Access Fund or its Limited Partners, is subject 
to change by Congress. In recent 
years, there have been significant changes in the Code, some of which are 
being reconsidered by Congress 
and interpretations of which are being considered by the IRS and the courts. 
It is not possible at this time 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397897
--- PAGE 99 ---
Greg Martin 
to predict whether, or to what extent, any changes in the Code or 
interpretations thereof will occur. 
Prospective Limited Partners should note that the Access Fund will not 
undertake to advise Limited Partners 
of any legislative or other developments No rulings have been or will be 
requested from the IRS. 
Furthermore, any changes in the Partnership Agreement or the operations of 
the Access Fund could affect 
the tax consequences described above. Prospective Limited Partners should 
consult their own tax advisors 
regarding pending and proposed legislation or other changes. 
The foregoing is a summary of some of the important U.S. federal income tax 
rules and considerations 
affecting the Limited Partners and the Fund's operations and does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of 
all relevant tax rules and considerations, nor does it purport to be a 
complete listing of all potential tax risks 
inherent in purchasing or holding an interest in the Access Fund. 
Prospective investors in the Access Fund 
are urged to consult their own tax advisors. 
CERTAIN REGULATORY MATTERS 
Securities Act of 1933. The offer and sale of the Interests will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, 
or any other federal, state or foreign securities laws, including state blue 
sky laws. The Interests are offered 
in reliance upon the exemptions from registration provided in the Securities 
Act and/or Regulation D 
promulgated thereunder, and similar regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the "SEC") 
applicable to transactions not involving a public offering. Each investor 
will be required in the Subscription 
Agreement pursuant to which it subscribes for an Interest to make customary 
private placement 
representations and warranties, including representations as to its status 
as an "accredited investor" under 
Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each investor must be prepared to bear the economic risk of the investment 
in the Interests for an indefinite 
period because the Interests cannot be sold unless they are subsequently 
registered under the Securities Act 
or an exemption for such registration is available. It is extremely unlikely 
that the Interests will ever be 
registered under the Securities Act. The Interests may not be transferred or 
resold except as permitted under 
the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. 
As described elsewhere in this Memorandum, the transferability of the 
Interests will be further restricted 
by the terms of the Partnership Agreement. 
Mandated Disclosure of Certain Events. Investors are hereby notified of the 
EFTA01397898
--- PAGE 100 ---
following with respect to 
Raymond James, who will act as a Placement Agent with respect to offering of 
the Interests: 
Beginning in 2011, without admitting or denying any allegations, Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. 
("Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, the Virgin 
Islands, and the District of 
Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or engaged in 
dishonest or unethical practices (or 
substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant state 
statutes) related to the sale of auction 
rate securities (ARS). The basis of the allegations was that Raymond James 
offered and sold to some of 
their customers ARS while not accurately characterizing or while failing to 
adequately disclose the true 
nature and risks associated with these investments. Although Raymond James' 
ARS trade confirmations 
disclosed the risk that ARS auctions could fail and that Raymond James were 
not obliged to ensure their 
success, at the point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers 
inaccurately described ARS. As 
a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to purchase eligible 
ARS from eligible customers 
and to pay fines. Raymond James have completed all undertakings required 
under the settlement orders. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397899
--- PAGE 101 ---
Greg Martin 
U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is not expected that the Access 
Fund will be required to register 
the Interests under Section 12(g) or any other provision of the Exchange 
Act. The Access Fund does not 
expect to have any class of equity security held of record by two thousand 
(2,000) or more persons and 
expects to meet the other exemptions available under the Exchange Act. As a 
result, the Access Fund would 
not be subject to the periodic reporting and related requirements of the 
Exchange Act and investors should 
only expect to receive the information and reports required to be delivered 
pursuant to the Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investment Company Act of 1940. It is anticipated that the Access Fund will 
be excepted from the 
definition of "investment company" in reliance on the exception contained in 
Section 3(c)(7) of the 
Investment Company Act and, thus, exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Investment Company 
Act. Accordingly, the Access Fund expects that it will sell Interests only 
to "qualified purchasers" as 
defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act. This exception is 
available only to an issuer 
which is not making and does not presently propose to make a public offering 
of its securities. With respect 
to the determination that an investor meets the definition of "qualified 
purchaser" in connection with the 
exception contained in Section 3(c)(7), the Access Fund will obtain and rely 
on appropriate representations 
and undertakings from investors in order to ensure that the Access Fund 
meets the conditions of the relevant 
exception on an ongoing basis. The General Partner reserves the right to 
prevent the ownership of Interests 
by any person if the effect of such ownership would preclude the Access Fund 
from relying on Section 
3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act or otherwise require the Access Fund 
to register as an "investment 
company" under the Investment Company Act. 
Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The General Partner (i) will qualify for an 
exemption from registration 
as a CPO with respect to the Access Fund pursuant to CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) 
under the Commodity 
Exchange Act of 1974, as amended, and plans to file a notice to claim such 
exemption with the National 
Futures Association ("NFA") and (ii) qualifies for an exemption from 
registration with the CFTC as a 
commodity trading advisor ("CTA") under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(5). The Investment 
Manager is exempt 
from registration as a CTA under CFTC Rule 4.14(a)(8) and has filed a notice 
to claim such exemption 
EFTA01397900
--- PAGE 102 ---
with the NFA. Accordingly, the General Partner and the Investment Manager 
will not be subject to certain 
regulatory requirements with respect to the Access Fund (which are intended 
to provide certain regulatory 
safeguards to investors) that would otherwise be applicable absent such 
exemptions. If any future 
regulatory change causes the General Partner or Investment Manager to lose 
any applicable exemption, 
there could be a material adverse effect on the Access Fund. 
Certain Legal Considerations. The offer and sale of the Interests in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law, and an investment in the Access Fund may involve legal requirements, 
non-U.S. exchange 
restrictions and tax considerations unique to the Investor. None of the 
Placement Agents, the Investment 
Manager, the General Partner or any of their respective affiliates makes any 
representation with respect to 
whether any Limited Partner is permitted to hold such Interests. Interests 
that are acquired by any person, 
or in any transaction, in violation of applicable law, as determined by the 
General Partner in its sole 
discretion, may be mandatorily redeemed. Prospective investors should 
consult their own legal and tax 
advisors regarding such considerations prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering Requirements. 
In response 
to increased regulatory 
requirements with respect to the sources of funds used in investments and 
other activities, the General 
Partner may require prospective investors to provide documentation 
verifying, among other things, such 
investor's and any of its beneficial owners' identities and source and use 
of funds used to purchase an 
Interest. The General Partner may decline to accept a subscription if this 
information is not provided or on 
the basis of such information that is provided. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397901
--- PAGE 103 ---
Greg Martin 
Furthermore, in response to increased regulatory concerns with respect to 
the sources of funds used in 
investments and other activities, the Glendower GP may request the Access 
Fund in its capacity as limited 
partner to provide additional documentation verifying, among other things, 
its source of funds used to 
purchase the investments. Each Investor will be required to make such 
representations to the Access Fund 
as the General Partner, the Investment Manager, and the Access Fund shall 
require in connection with 
applicable anti-money laundering programs, including, representations to the 
Access Fund that such 
investor is not, and is not acting on behalf of, a prohibited country, 
territory, individual or entity listed on 
the U.S. Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") 
website, and that it is not 
directly or indirectly affiliated with any country, territory, individual or 
entity named on an OFAC list or 
prohibited by any OFAC sanctions programs. Such Investor will also represent 
to the Access Fund that 
amounts contributed by it to the Access Fund were not directly or indirectly 
derived from activities that 
may contravene U.S. federal, state or international laws and regulations, 
including, any applicable antimoney 
laundering laws and regulations. 
Requests for documentation and additional information may be made at any 
time during which an investor 
holds an Interest. The General Partner will take such steps as it determines 
are necessary to comply with 
applicable law, regulations, orders, directives or special measures to 
implement anti-money laundering law. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive. Neither the General Partner 
nor the Investment 
Manager is authorized or expected to become authorized under the European 
Union's Directive 2011/61/EU 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (the "AIFM Directive") as of the 
date of this Memorandum, 
and the substantive requirements applicable to an authorized "Alternative 
Investment Fund Manager" 
("AIFM") under the AIFM Directive or any national implementing law are not 
applicable to the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. Neither the General Partner nor the 
Investment Manager will market 
Interests (or permit Interests to be marketed on their behalf) to any 
prospective investor located, resident or 
domiciled or with a registered office in or organized under the laws of a 
relevant member state (each, a 
"Member State") of the European Economic Area ("EEA")2, when such marketing 
is reasonably likely to 
give rise to the application of any requirement of the AIFM Directive to the 
EFTA01397902
--- PAGE 104 ---
Access Fund or the General 
Partner or the Investment Manager. 
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 
The General Partner intends to organize and operate the Access Fund so that 
an investment in the Access 
Fund will be a permissible investment for pension, profit sharing and other 
retirement plans which are 
subject to ERISA. As explained below, the General Partner expects that the 
ownership of the Access Fund 
by benefit plan investors shall be limited, so that the assets of the Access 
Fund will not be "plan assets" 
within the meaning of ERISA. 
A fiduciary of a U.S. pension, profit sharing, or other employee benefit 
plan or trust subject to ERISA (each 
such plan or trust, an "ERISA Plan") should consider fiduciary standards 
under ERISA in the context of 
the ERISA Plan's particular circumstances before authorizing an investment 
of a portion of such ERISA 
Plan's assets in the Access Fund. The fiduciary standards include the 
prudence, diversification, and 
governance requirements of Section 404(a)(1) of ERISA. ERISA Plan 
fiduciaries must give appropriate 
consideration to, among other things, the role that an investment in the 
Access Fund has in the ERISA 
Plan's investment portfolio, taking into account the ERISA Plan's purposes, 
the risk of loss and the potential 
The following countries are in the EEA: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, 
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, 
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, 
Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, 
Malta, The Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, 
Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom of 
Great Britain and Northern Ireland. 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397903
--- PAGE 105 ---
Greg Martin 
return in respect of such investment, the composition of the ERISA Plan's 
portfolio, the liquidity and 
current return of the total portfolio relative to the anticipated cash flow 
needs of the ERISA Plan and the 
projected return of the portfolio relative to the ERISA Plan's funding 
objectives. A fiduciary of an ERISA 
Plan should also consider whether an investment in the Access Fund might 
constitute or give rise to a 
"prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of Code. 
The trustee or other person who is contemplating an investment of a portion 
of the assets of an individual 
retirement account ("IRA") described in Section 408 of the Code that is not 
subject to Title I of ERISA, or 
any pension, profit sharing, Keogh or other retirement employee benefit plan 
that is not subject to Title I of 
ERISA but is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code, or of an investment 
fund or other collective 
investment vehicle that contains assets of one or more such accounts or 
plans (each such plan, an 
"Individual Plan", and each Individual Plan to which Section 4975 of the 
Code applies and each ERISA 
Plan, a "Plan") in the Interests should carefully consider, taking into 
account the facts and circumstances 
of the Individual Plan, whether: such investment is consistent with the 
Individual Plan's needs for sufficient 
liquidity to pay benefits when due, given that there is not expected to be a 
market in which to sell or 
otherwise dispose of the Interests; such trustee or other person has 
authority to make such investment under 
the appropriate governing instrument; and the acquisition or holding of an 
the Interest in the Access Fund 
will result in a non-exempt "prohibited transaction" under Section 4975 of 
the Code. 
On June 9, 2017, the U.S. Department of Labor promulgated new rules (the 
"2017 Fiduciary Rule") that 
substantially broaden the types of activities that create a fiduciary 
relationship between certain persons, 
including marketing professionals, and a Plan. Subject to certain 
conditions, the 2017 Fiduciary Rule 
includes an exception (the "Seller's Exclusion") for (1) sophisticated 
institutional ERISA Plans and (2) 
smaller ERISA Plans and Individual Plans that are represented by a 
sophisticated independent fiduciary. 
The General Partner intends to rely on the Seller's Exclusion in connection 
with any investment decision 
made by any Plan with respect to the Access Fund. However, if it were 
determined that the Seller's 
Exclusion did not apply to a Plan's investment in the Access Fund and that 
the General Partner, Investment 
Manager or one of its affiliates (the "Sponsor") had provided "investment 
EFTA01397904
--- PAGE 106 ---
advice" to such Plan with respect 
to such investment decision, the Sponsor may be considered a fiduciary under 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. If 
the Sponsor is found to be a fiduciary to a Plan investor, the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of ERISA 
and the Code will generally apply and certain arrangements between the 
Sponsor and the Access Fund 
and/or the Plan may violate ERISA's "prohibited transactions" rules. Due to 
the 2017 Fiduciary Rule's 
relatively recent effectiveness, there is still uncertainty as to the manner 
in which the U.S. Department of 
Labor interprets many aspects of the 2017 Fiduciary Rule. 
Under ERISA and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department 
of Labor, investments by 
a Plan in the Access Fund may cause the General Partner to be subject to 
fiduciary responsibility rules 
under ERISA. If the Access Fund's Assets are treated as "plan assets" of an 
ERISA Plan or the Sponsor is 
considered a fiduciary as a result of the Plan's investment in the Access 
Fund, the fiduciary standards and 
prohibited transaction rules referred to above would apply to the Access 
Fund's holdings and the General 
Partner's ability to invest Access Fund Assets. The Access Fund's Assets 
will not be treated as "plan assets" 
of a Plan, however, if investment by "benefit plan investors" (as defined in 
ERISA) in the Access Fund is 
not "significant" for purposes of ERISA, meaning that less than 25% of each 
class of equity interest in the 
Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," which includes any Plan and 
any entities holding plan 
assets (to the extent of the percentage of equity interests held by benefit 
plan investors). Equity interests 
held by the General Partner or its affiliates are disregarded for purposes 
of applying the 25% ownership 
rule. 
The General Partner will use commercially reasonable efforts so that (a) 
less than 25% of the total value of 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397905
--- PAGE 107 ---
Greg Martin 
eac c ass of equity interests (disregarding equity interests held by the 
General Partner or its affiliates) in 
the Access Fund is held by "benefit plan investors," defined in accordance 
with Section 3(42) of ERISA 
and the regulations thereunder, and therefore (b) the assets of the Access 
Fund will not constitute plan assets 
subject to the fiduciary standards of Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. The 
General Partner will rely on the 
representations of the investors as to their benefit plan investor status in 
making the determination of 
whether the subscriptions of benefit plan investors will be limited. If the 
assets of the Access Fund were 
deemed to be "plan assets" under ERISA, (i) the prudence and other 
requirements of Title I of ERISA 
would apply to investments made by the Access Fund, (ii) the General Partner 
and any additional 
investment advisors would be plan "fiduciaries" under ERISA with respect to 
ERISA Plan investors, and 
ERISA Plan investors or other employee benefit plan investors may have 
improperly delegated fiduciary 
responsibility to the General Partner, and (iii) the Access Fund may be 
required to withdraw from an 
Underlying Fund and may incur significant liability to the Underlying Fund. 
On the Form 5500 Annual Return ("Form 5500"), ERISA Plan investors may be 
required to report certain 
compensation paid by the Access Fund (or by third-parties) to the Access 
Fund's service providers as 
"reportable indirect compensation" on Schedule C to the Form 5500. To the 
extent any compensation 
arrangements described herein constitute reportable indirect compensation 
required to be reported on 
Schedule C to the Form 5500, any such descriptions are intended to satisfy 
the disclosure requirements for 
the alternative reporting option for "eligible indirect compensation," as 
defined for purposes of Schedule C 
to the Form 5500. 
Although federal, state and local governmental pension plans are not subject 
to ERISA, applicable 
provisions of federal and state law may restrict the type of investments 
such a plan may make or otherwise 
have an impact on such a plan's ability to invest in the Access Fund. 
Accordingly, state and local 
governmental pension plans considering an investment in the Access Fund 
should consult with their counsel 
regarding their proposed investment in the Access Fund. 
WHETHER OR NOT THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ACCESS FUND ARE DEEMED 
PLAN ASSETS UNDER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS, AN INVESTMENT IN THE ACCESS 
FUND BY AN ERISA PLAN IS SUBJECT TO ERISA AND INVESTMENTS BY OTHER TYPES 
OF EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS MAY BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF ERISA PLANS SHOULD 
EFTA01397906
--- PAGE 108 ---
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN COUNSEL AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER ERISA OR 
APPLICABLE LAW OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS. 
THE FOREGOING DISCUSSION OF ERISA AND CODE ISSUES SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. FIDUCIARIES OF PLANS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
OWN COUNSEL WITH RESPECT TO ISSUES ARISING UNDER ERISA AND THE CODE AND 
MAKE THEIR OWN INDEPENDENT DECISION REGARDING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
ACCESS FUND. 
* 
* 
* 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397907
--- PAGE 109 ---
reg Martin 
Proprietary and Confidential — Supplement to the Private Placement Memorandum 
GLENDOWER ACCESS SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES IV (U.S.), L.P. 
AN "ACCESS FUND" INTO GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, L.P. 
OFFERING OF 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
March 2018 
This supplement (the "Supplement") may only be distributed in conjunction 
with the Confidential Private 
Placement Memorandum dated January 2018 (the "Memorandum") relating to the 
offering of limited 
partnership interests (the "Interests") in Glendower Access Secondary 
Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"), which is hereby incorporated by reference. Potential 
investors considering the purchase 
of Interests in the Access Fund should carefully review this Supplement and 
the Memorandum. 
EFTA01397908
--- PAGE 110 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Limited Partnership Interests 
This supplement (the "Supplement") is intended to modify and update the 
Confidential Private Placement 
Memorandum (the "Memorandum") of Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(U.S.), L.P. (the 
"Access Fund"). The Access Fund is expected to invest substantially all of 
its assets in Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private fund limited 
partnership (together with any 
parallel funds thereto, the "Underlying Fund"). To the extent that any 
statement or information contained 
in the Memorandum is inconsistent with this Supplement, such statement or 
information is hereby amended 
by this Supplement. The Memorandum remains in effect except to the extent 
supplemented or modified 
herein, and nothing herein modifies or changes or should be deemed to modify 
or change in any way the 
information contained in the section entitled "Important Disclosures" in the 
Memorandum. Capitalized 
terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them 
in the Memorandum. All 
references in the Memorandum to "this Memorandum" shall refer to the 
Memorandum as supplemented 
hereby. This Supplement has been furnished on a confidential basis and may 
not be reproduced or used for 
any other purposes. Each person accepting this Supplement hereby agrees to 
return it to the General Partner 
promptly at the request of the General Partner or if such person determines 
not to invest in the Access Fund, 
including indirectly through Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV 
(International), L.P. (the 
"Feeder Fund" and together with the Access Fund, the "Access Funds"). 
Notwithstanding anything 
contained herein (and in the Subscription Agreement, the Partnership 
Agreement, and any other related 
documents) to the contrary, each Investor (and each employee, 
representative, or other agent of each such 
Investor) may disclose to their advisors (including, without limitation, 
their attorneys and accountants) or 
to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. taxing authority, without 
limitation of any kind, the tax 
treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind 
(including opinions or other tax 
analyses) that are provided to Investors relating to such tax treatment and 
tax structure, provided, however, 
that no Investor (and no employee, representative or other agent thereof) 
shall disclose any other 
information that is not relevant to understanding the tax treatment or tax 
structure of such transaction 
EFTA01397909
--- PAGE 111 ---
(including the identity of the party and any information that could lead 
another to determine the identity of 
any party) or any other information to the extent that such disclosure could 
reasonably result in violation of 
any U.S. federal or state securities law. 
This Supplement is intended to modify and update the Memorandum to provide 
updated information 
regarding certain changes to the terms of the Access Fund. 
EFTA01397910
--- PAGE 112 ---
Greg Martin 
Changes to Summary of Principal Terms of the Access Fund 
The following information set forth in the Summary of Principal Terms of the 
Access Fund is hereby 
amended with the changes as marked below: 
Access Fund Expenses: 
The Access Fund will pay the costs and expenses of the Access Fund, 
including: the Management Fee; 
Organizational Expenses; liquidation expenses of the Access Fund; any sales 
or other taxes, fees or 
government charges which may be assessed against the Access Fund; expenses 
and fees related to 
accounting, audits of the Access Fund's books and records and preparation of 
the Access Fund's tax returns 
and other third-party provider expenses, including expenses related to tax 
reporting including under the U.S. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act 
("FATCA") and under the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS"); costs of 
preparing and distributing 
financial statements and other reports to and other communications with the 
Partners, as well as costs of all 
governmental returns, reports and filings of the Access Fund; any costs or 
expenses in connection with the 
Access Fund's admission to the Underlying Fund (including, the legal costs 
of completing subscription 
booklets and the Access Fund's side letter, if any, with the Underlying Fund 
and any subsequent closing 
interest charged to the Access Fund); extraordinary one-time expenses of the 
Access Fund; all expenses 
relating to litigation and threatened litigation involving the Access Fund, 
including indemnification 
expenses; commissions or brokerage fees or similar charges incurred in 
connection with the purchase or 
sale of securities; expenses attributable to normal and extraordinary 
investment banking, commercial 
banking, accounting, appraisal, legal and recording fees and expenses, 
administrative (including any fees 
and expenses of the Administrator or Custodian related to the Access Fund or 
the General Partner), custodial 
and registration services provided to the Access Fund and any expenses 
attributable to consulting services, 
including in each case services with respect to the proposed purchase or 
sale of securities by the Access 
Fund that are not reimbursed by the issuer of such securities or others 
(whether or not any such purchase or 
sale is consummated); fees and expenses incurred in connection with or 
otherwise relating to the preparation 
of form documentation in respect of Transfers; fees and expenses incurred in 
respect of any arrangement to 
provide additional liquidity to Limited Partners and facilitate the process 
EFTA01397911
--- PAGE 113 ---
for Limited Partners to sell all or 
any portion of their Interests; reasonable out-of-pocket expenses of the 
Investment Manager, such as travel, 
research and other expenses related to the ongoing monitoring on behalf of 
the Access Fund in respect of 
the Underlying Fund and the management of the Access Fund (including the 
costs and expenses (including 
travel-related expenses) of hosting meetings of the Partners, or otherwise 
holding meetings or conferences 
with Limited Partners, whether individually or in a group) attending 
meetings with the Placement Agents, 
whether internal or provided by a third party service provider, utilized for 
risk management, measurement 
and valuation purposes); any expenses incurred in connection with any Credit 
Facility or regulatory 
obligation; and premiums for liability or other insurance to protect the 
Access Fund, the General Partner, 
the Investment Manager and any of their respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, 
employees, agents or affiliates in connection with the activities of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner or 
the Investment Manager. Access Fund expenses will also include any costs and 
expenses associated with 
the ongoing operations of any alternative investment vehicles (including 
administrative fees and expenses; 
legal and recording fees and expenses; any fees and expenses of consultants, 
economists, outside counsel, 
accountants and other third-party service providers; any taxes (including 
withholding taxes), fees or other 
governmental charges levied against such alternative investment vehicles, 
including tax preparation 
expenses; expenses relating to any audit, investigation, governmental 
inquiry or public relations 
undertaking and litigation, insurance, indemnification and extraordinary 
expenses). In addition to the 
foregoing, Access Fund expenses will include, and therefore Limited Partners 
will be responsible for, all 
of the operating expenses of the General Partner. Moreover, expenses of or 
relating to a Feeder Fund shall 
be paid by, and treated as expenses of, the Access Fund to the extent that 
they would be considered expenses 
of the Access Fund if they were incurred by the Access Fund (and indirectly 
borne by the limited partners 
of the Feeder Fund through the Feeder Fund's Interest as a Limited Partner 
of the Access Fund); provided, 
EFTA01397912
--- PAGE 114 ---
Greg Martin 
however, that operating expenses that are uniquely related to a specific 
Feeder Fund will be determined 
with respect to, and paid separately by, such Feeder Fund, in each case as 
determined by the General Partner 
in its sole discretion. Any contributions by Limited Partners to the Access 
Fund to fund their share of 
Access Fund expenses shall reduce the unpaid portion of such Limited 
Partner's Subscription (i.e., a 
Limited Partner will not be required to contribute amounts in addition to 
its Subscription to fund their share 
of Access Fund expenses)., except as otherwise provided herein or in the 
Partnership Agreement. 
In addition to the foregoing costs and expenses, Limited Partners (including 
any Feeder Funds) will 
indirectly bear the cost of the Access Fund's pro rata share of management 
fees, carried interest, 
organizational expenses, taxes, indemnification and other costs and expenses 
payable by the Access Fund 
as a limited partner of the Underlying Fund. 
Any Feeder Fund would pay its allocable share of Access Fund expenses by 
virtue of being a Limited 
Partner of the Access Fund. To the extent expenses that constitute Access 
Fund expenses are incurred by 
the General Partner or Investment Manager on the joint behalf of the Access 
Fund and/or any Parallel 
Access Funds established in connection with the Access Fund to acquire 
interests in the Underlying Fund, 
the Investment Manager will allocate such expenses between the Access Fund 
and such Parallel Access 
Funds as it reasonably deems appropriate. 
Indemnification: 
The Investment Manager, the General Partner, any affiliate thereof and, the 
respective partners, members, 
stockholders, officers, directors, managers, employees, or agents of any of 
the foregoing and the 
Administrator, will be indemnified by the Access Fund out of the assets of 
the Access Fund, including the 
capital calls from the Limited Partners (which capital calls for 
indemnification expenses are outside of a 
Limited Partner's Subscription), and from the proceeds of liability 
insurance and any assets from 
anycertain recalleds of Distributions (see "— Capital Calls" and "Limited 
Partner Giveback"), against 
certain expenses or losses. 
In addition, as an investor in the Underlying Fund, the Access Fund (and 
indirectly the Limited Partners (including any Feeder Funds)) will be 
obligated to fund certain 
indemnification obligations of the Underlying Fund, and such amounts will be 
callable from Limited 
Partners of the Access Fund to the full extent of the Access Fund's 
EFTA01397913
--- PAGE 115 ---
obligations to the Underlying Fund, 
including through the recall of dDistributions as described in Limited 
Partner Giveback below. 
Limited Partner Giveback: 
To the extent the Access Fund incurs any indemnification or other liability 
or is otherwise required to return 
distributions to the Underlying Fund in accordance with the Underlying Fund 
LPA (including in respect 
of any indemnification or other liability incurred by the Access Fund in its 
capacity as a limited partner of 
the Underlying Fund), each Limited Partner may be required to return 
distributions received from the 
Access Fund to fund its proportionate share of such liability or obligation; 
provided, however, that the 
aggregate amount of such returns from any Limited Partner shall not exceed 
the aggregate amount of25% 
of all distributions received by such Limited Partner (it being understood 
that additional amounts may be 
called fromfrom the Access Fund, unless the Access Fund is otherwise 
required to return Distributions to 
the Underlying Fund pursuant to the Underlying Fund LPA (in which case a 
Limited Partner would be 
required to bear its proportionate share of such return obligation); 
provided further that no Limited Partner 
shall be required to return distributions to the Access Fund after the 18-
month anniversary of the last day 
of the Term (provided that if at the end of such period there are any 
proceedings or claims outstanding, the 
General Partner shall notify the Limited Partners and the obligation to 
indemnify shall be extended until 
the date such proceedings or claims are ultimately resolved and 
distributions are returned to the Limited 
Partners in respect of indemnification expenses, which amounts are outside 
of a Limited Partner's 
Subscriptionthereof). 
Changes to III Certain Risk Factors and Potential Conflicts of Interest 
EFTA01397914
--- PAGE 116 ---
IIIIIIIIIIbreg Martin 
The following information set forth in the fourth paragraph of "Certain Risk 
Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Risks Associated with Investing in the Access Fund" 
is hereby amended with the 
changes as marked below: 
Although the Access Fund will be an investor in the Underlying Fund, 
investors in the Access Fund will 
not themselves be limited partners of the Underlying Fund and will not be 
entitled to enforce any rights 
against the Underlying Fund or the Glendower GP or any of their affiliates, 
assert claims against the 
Underlying Fund, Glendower or their affiliates or have any voting rights in 
the Underlying Fund. An 
investor in the Access Fund will have only those rights provided for in the 
Partnership Agreement, and will 
not be permitted to attend the annual meeting of investors of the Underlying 
Fund. The General Partner is 
not the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund. None of the 
Access Fund, the General Partner 
or any of their affiliates will take part in the management of the 
Underlying Fund or have control over its 
management strategies and policies. The Access Fund is subject to the risk 
of bad judgment, negligence, 
or misconduct of the general partner or manager of the Underlying Fund and 
its affiliates. There have been 
a number of instances in recent years in which pooled investment vehicles 
investing in third-party funds 
have incurred substantial losses due to sponsor misconduct. The Partnership 
Agreement will provide for 
indemnification of the General Partner, the Investment Manager, the 
Administrator, the Custodian and 
certain of their affiliates and certain other indemnified parties and any 
such indemnification (and the 
expense thereof) will be in addition to any indemnification granted under 
the Underlying Fund constituent 
documents. Investors in the Access Fund may be required to return amounts 
distributed to them by the 
Access Fund to fund the Access Fund's and/or the Underlying Fund's indemnity 
obligations and other 
liabilities as well as amounts recalled by the Underlying Fund for 
reinvestment in accordance with the 
Underlying Fund LPA, subject to certain exceptions and restrictions set 
forth in the Partnership Agreement. 
In addition, capital contributions to fund the Access Fund's indemnity 
obligations are outside of a Limited 
Partner's Subscription. Investors in the Access Fund may receive in-kind 
distributions to the extent the 
Underlying Fund distributes securities in-kind to its investors and the 
securities or other assets so received 
in an in-kind distribution may not be marketable or otherwise freely 
EFTA01397915
--- PAGE 117 ---
tradable. With respect to any such 
securities or other assets distributed in-kind, 
in liquidating these securities or 
assets will be borne by the Limited Partners 
result that such Limited Partners 
may receive less cash than reflected in the 
determined by the General Partner 
pursuant to the Partnership Agreement. 
The following information set forth in "Certain 
Conflicts of Interest — Repayment 
of Distributions" is hereby amended with 
The Access Fund may be required to repay 
creditors of the Underlying 
Fund, as applicable, distributions 
the Access Fund may be required 
to pay to the Underlying Fund amounts 
the Underlying Fund for tax 
purposes. TheSubject to certain 
the Access Fund may require 
Limited Partners to return to the Access 
distributions made by the Access Fund to 
the Limited Partners in order to satisfy 
Fund's indemnification and other 
obligations to the Underlying Fund or otherwise. 
may also be required to repay 
or pay such amount to the Access Fund if the Access 
to meet its obligations. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk 
Conflicts of Interest — Indemnity 
Obligation" is hereby amended with the changes as 
The Access Fund will be required to indemnify the 
Investment Manager, the 
administrator and certain of their 
any sub-advisor or other similar 
service provider) for liabilities 
the Access Fund. Any such 
indemnification (and the expenses 
indemnification granted under the 
the risk of loss and delay 
of the Access Fund, with the 
fair value of such securities as 
Risk Factors and Potential 
the changes as marked below: 
to the Underlying Fund or to pay 
previously received by it. In addition, 
that are 
restrictions in 
required to be withheld by 
the Partnership Agreement, 
Fund all or part of any 
all or 
affiliates 
incurred in 
and 
any portion of the Access 
Similarly, Limited Partners 
Fund is unable otherwise 
Factors and Potential 
marked below: 
General Partner, the 
representatives (including 
connection with the affairs of 
thereof) will be in addition to the 
EFTA01397916
--- PAGE 118 ---
Greg Martin 
Partners ip Agreement in respect of the Access Fund's indemnity obligations 
and any indemnification 
granted under the Underlying Fund's governing documents (and the investments 
of the Underlying Fund), 
including the obligation to return distributions to fund any such Underlying 
Fund indemnification (with the 
Limited Partners in turn being required to return distributions). The Access 
Fund's indemnification 
obligations under the Partnership Agreement may be funded by capital calls 
from the Limited Partners or 
through the return of Distributions previously made to the Limited Partners. 
A Limited Partner's obligation 
to fund capital calls in respect of the Access Fund's indemnification 
obligations are apart from an Investor's 
Subscription, and therefore will not be capped subject to certain exceptions 
and restrictions set forth in the 
Partnership Agreement. In addition, the Access Fund's assets, including any 
investments held by the Access 
Fund (including cash or cash equivalents), are available to satisfy all 
liabilities and other obligations of the 
Access Fund, including indemnification obligations. The obligation to fund 
an indemnification claim will 
survive the dissolution of the Access Fund. 
The following information set forth in "Certain Risk Factors and Potential 
Conflicts of Interest — Multiple 
Layers of Expenses" is hereby amended with the changes as marked below: 
The Access Fund and the Underlying Fund each have expenses and management 
costs that will be borne, 
directly (in the case of expenses and costs of the Access Fund) or 
indirectly (in the case of expenses and 
costs of the Underlying Fund), by the Access Fund. Further, distributions 
from the Underlying Fund to the 
Access Fund will be subject to the carried interest of the Glendower GP. In 
addition, certain expenses will 
be apart from a Limited Partner's Subscription, including indemnification 
expenses and certain other 
required payments, including transfer expenses, interest expenses in 
connection with subsequent closings, 
certain tax preparation and other expenses attributable to specific limited 
partners. A Limited Partner's 
obligation to fund these expenses will not be capped 
EFTA01397917
--- PAGE 119 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Appendix A 
Underlying Fund Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Proprietary and Confidential 
EFTA01397918
--- PAGE 120 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397919
--- PAGE 121 ---
Greg Martin 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
EFTA01397920
--- PAGE 122 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS 
GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND IV, LP 
$1,750,000,000 
LIMITED PARTNER INTERESTS 
THIS AMENDED AND RESTATED CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM, DATED 
MARCH 2018 (THIS "MEMORANDUM"), IS BEING CIRCULATED TO A LIMITED NUMBER OF 
QUALIFIED 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS FOR THE PURPOSE OF EVALUATING AN INVESTMENT IN THE 
LIMITED 
PARTNER INTERESTS (THE "INTERESTS") OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND IV, LP (THE "FUND"). THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING CIRCULATED BY GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL 
LLP (THE "MANAGER") WHICH IS AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED BY THE UK FINANCIAL 
CONDUCT 
AUTHORITY (THE "FCA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AMENDS, RESTATES AND REPLACES THE 
CONFIDENTIAL PRIVATE PLACEMENT MEMORANDUM OF THE FUND, DATED OCTOBER 2017, 
AND 
THE SUPPLEMENTS THERETO. 
THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES A FINANCIAL PROMOTION FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE UK 
FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 ("FSMA"). THIS MEMORANDUM AND THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED OR DISTRIBUTED, NOR MAY 
ITS 
CONTENTS BE DISCLOSED, TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECTLY INVOLVED WITH THE 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR'S DECISION REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF INTERESTS WITHOUT 
THE 
PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE MANAGER. BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM, 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO THE FOREGOING. 
THE FOREGOING SHALL NOT LIMIT THE DISCLOSURE OF THE TAX TREATMENT OR TAX 
STRUCTURE OF THE FUND (OR ANY TRANSACTIONS UNDERTAKEN BY THE FUND). AS USED 
IN 
THIS PARAGRAPH, THE TERM "TAX TREATMENT" REFERS TO THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT AND THE TERM "TAX STRUCTURE" REFERS TO ANY 
FACT 
THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO UNDERSTANDING THE PURPORTED OR CLAIMED U.S. FEDERAL 
INCOME TAX TREATMENT, PROVIDED THAT, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, (A) EXCEPT 
TO THE 
EXTENT OTHERWISE ESTABLISHED IN PUBLISHED GUIDANCE BY THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE 
SERVICE, TAX TREATMENT AND TAX STRUCTURE SHALL NOT INCLUDE THE NAME OF, 
CONTACT 
INFORMATION FOR, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR IDENTIFYING INFORMATION REGARDING THE 
FUND 
OR ANY OF ITS INVESTMENTS (INCLUDING THE NAMES OF ANY EMPLOYEES OR AFFILIATES 
THEREOF) AND (B) NOTHING IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL LIMIT THE ABILITY OF A 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTOR TO MAKE ANY DISCLOSURE TO THE INVESTOR'S TAX ADVISERS OR TO THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OR ANY OTHER TAXING AUTHORITY. 
EFTA01397921
--- PAGE 123 ---
IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, INVESTORS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN 
EXAMINATION OF 
THE FUND AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE MERITS AND RISKS 
INVOLVED. 
THE INTERESTS HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED, APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE FCA, 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL OR STATE AUTHORITY OR ANY OTHER NON-U.S. SECURITIES 
COMMISSION OR 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT 
CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS MEMORANDUM. ANY 
REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. SEE "APPENDIX 1: 
NOTICES TO 
INVESTORS IN SPECIFIC JURISDICTIONS" FOR LEGENDS RELATING TO THOSE 
JURISDICTIONS IN 
WHICH THE INTERESTS SHALL BE OFFERED AND, BY ACCEPTING THIS MEMORANDUM, EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR AGREES TO BE BOUND BY EACH RELEVANT LEGEND AND 
CORRESPONDING RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN APPENDIX 1. 
THIS MEMORANDUM IS BEING COMMUNICATED IN THE UK ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE 
CONSIDERED TO BE "PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" OR WHO MAY, ON REQUEST, BE TREATED AS 
"PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS" WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II TO THE MARKETS IN 
FINANCIAL 
INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2014/65/EU) ("PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS"). THIS 
MEMORANDUM 
MUST NOT BE ACTED ON OR RELIED ON BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS. ANY INTERESTS TO WHICH THIS MEMORANDUM RELATES ARE AVAILABLE ONLY 
TO 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS. THIS MEMORANDUM IS NOT AN APPROVED PROSPECTUS FOR THE 
PURPOSES OF SECTION 85 OF FSMA. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page i 
EFTA01397922
--- PAGE 124 ---
reg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THE FUND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED. THE INTERESTS OFFERED HEREBY 
HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS 
AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR ANY STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES LAWS OR THE 
LAWS 
OF ANY NON-U.S. JURISDICTION. THE INTERESTS WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD FOR 
INVESTMENT 
ONLY TO QUALIFYING RECIPIENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION 
FROM 
THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY SECTION 4(A)-
(2) 
THEREOF AND REGULATION D PROMULGATED THEREUNDER AND IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE U.S. AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE 
OFFERING 
WILL BE MADE. THERE WILL BE NO PUBLIC MARKET FOR THE INTERESTS AND THERE IS 
NO 
OBLIGATION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON TO REGISTER THE INTERESTS UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT. 
THE INTERESTS MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE NON-U.S. SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO 
REGISTRATION OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THE INTERESTS 
WILL 
BE FURTHER RESTRICTED BY THE TERMS OF THE FUND'S LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
AGREEMENT 
(THE "FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT"). INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY 
REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE INTERESTS FOR AN 
INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. 
THE INTERESTS ARE OFFERED SUBJECT TO PRIOR SALE AND ANY SUBSCRIPTION FOR 
INTERESTS BY AN INVESTOR MAY BE REJECTED, IN WHOLE OR IN PART. AN INVESTMENT 
IN THE 
INTERESTS WILL INVOLVE SIGNIFICANT RISKS DUE, AMONG OTHER THINGS, TO THE 
NATURE OF 
THE INVESTMENTS THE FUND INTENDS TO MAKE AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT 
THE 
FUND'S RATE OF RETURN OBJECTIVES WILL BE REALIZED OR THAT THERE WILL BE ANY 
RETURN 
OF CAPITAL. SEE "SECTION 7: RISK FACTORS" AND "SECTION 8: CONFLICTS OF 
INTEREST". 
INVESTORS SHOULD HAVE THE FINANCIAL ABILITY AND WILLINGNESS TO ACCEPT THE 
RISKS 
AND LACK OF LIQUIDITY THAT ARE CHARACTERISTIC OF THE INVESTMENT DESCRIBED 
HEREIN. 
INVESTORS IN THE FUND MUST BE PREPARED TO BEAR SUCH RISKS FOR AN INDEFINITE 
PERIOD 
OF TIME. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOT CONSTRUE THE CONTENTS OF THIS MEMORANDUM AS 
LEGAL, TAX, INVESTMENT OR OTHER ADVICE. EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD 
EFTA01397923
--- PAGE 125 ---
MAKE ITS 
OWN INQUIRIES AND CONSULT ITS ADVISERS AS TO THE FUND AND THIS OFFERING AND 
AS TO 
LEGAL, TAX, FINANCIAL AND OTHER RELEVANT MATTERS CONCERNING AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE 
INTERESTS AND THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT FOR SUCH INVESTOR. 
IN CONSIDERING THE PRIOR PERFORMANCE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN (INCLUDING 
IN 
RESPECT OF DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND A, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES 
FUND B, L.P. AND DB SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND C, L.P., DB SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND D, L.P., SECONDARY OPPORTUNITIES FUND II, LP AND SECONDARY 
OPPORTUNITIES FUND III, LP (TOGETHER, THE "SOF FUNDS"), PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
BEAR IN MIND THAT PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE 
RESULTS AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE FUND WILL ACHIEVE COMPARABLE 
RESULTS. UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED, ALL REFERENCES TO RATES OF RETURN OR 
INTERNAL RATES OF RETURN IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE TO RATES OF RETURN ON 
INVESTMENTS ON A GROSS BASIS AND, AS SUCH, EXCLUDE THE EFFECT OF PRIORITY 
PROFIT 
SHARE, MANAGEMENT FEES AND EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS MAY, UPON REQUEST, OBTAIN A HYPOTHETICAL ILLUSTRATION 
OF 
THE EFFECT OF FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER CHARGES ON THE 
RETURNS, 
BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT ANY SUCH ILLUSTRATION IS HYPOTHETICAL AND, AS SUCH, IS 
LIKELY 
TO PRODUCE DIFFERENT RESULTS FROM THOSE ACTUALLY OBTAINED AS A RESULT OF THE 
APPLICATION OF THE RELEVANT FEES, EXPENSES, CARRIED INTEREST AND OTHER 
CHARGES. 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT REPRESENTATIVES OF THE 
MANAGER TO DISCUSS THE PROCEDURES AND METHODOLOGIES USED TO CALCULATE THE 
INVESTMENT RETURNS AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED, BUT SHOULD NOTE THAT THEIR 
INVESTMENT MUST BE BASED SOLELY ON THE INFORMATION IN THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS 
FINAL 
FORM AND IN THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD TAKE NOTE THAT, AS DESCRIBED IN "HISTORY" IN SECTION 1: EXECUTIVE 
SUMMARY OF 
THIS MEMORANDUM, NOT ALL MEMBERS OF THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATIONS TEAMS THAT 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page ii 
EFTA01397924
--- PAGE 126 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
MANAGED THE SOF FUNDS AT DEUTSCHE BANK HAVE JOINED THE MANAGER AND GLENDOWER 
CAPITAL (U.S.), LLC (THE "U.S. ADVISER"). ACCORDINGLY, IN EVALUATING THE PAST 
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOF FUNDS, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD NOTE THAT THE 
PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER WERE FORMALLY PART 
OF DEUTSCHE BANK, A LARGE INSTITUTION, AND, IN CONNECTION WITH THE 
INVESTMENTS 
COMPRISING THE TRACK RECORD OF THE SOF FUNDS, SUCH PERSONS FUNCTIONED AS PART 
OF A LARGER GROUP WITHIN DEUTSCHE BANK AND THE SUCCESS OR OTHERWISE OF THE 
SOF 
FUNDS SHOULD NOT BE SOLELY ATTRIBUTED TO THE PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE 
MANAGER AND THE U.S. ADVISER. 
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM CONSTITUTES "FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS," WHICH CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING 
TERMINOLOGY 
SUCH AS "MAY," "WILL," "SHOULD," "EXPECT," "ANTICIPATE," "PROJECT," 
"ESTIMATE," "INTEND," 
"CONTINUE" OR "BELIEVE" OR THE NEGATIVES THEREOF OR OTHER VARIATIONS THEREON 
OR 
OTHER COMPARABLE TERMINOLOGY. DUE TO VARIOUS RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES, 
INCLUDING 
THOSE DESCRIBED IN THIS MEMORANDUM, ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS OR THE ACTUAL 
PERFORMANCE OF THE FUND MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE REFLECTED OR 
CONTEMPLATED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. NO REPRESENTATION OR 
WARRANTY IS MADE AS TO FUTURE PERFORMANCE OR SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN PREPARED ON THE ASSUMPTION THAT THE LEGAL AND TAX 
STRUCTURE REQUIRED TO CONDUCT THE ACTIVITIES OF THE FUND HAS ALREADY BEEN 
FULLY 
IMPLEMENTED AND THAT ALL REGULATORY, TAX AND OTHER CLEARANCES HAVE BEEN 
OBTAINED. THE STRUCTURE WILL HAVE BEEN IMPLEMENTED PRIOR TO THE FIRST 
CLOSING OF 
THE FUND. IN PARTICULAR, THIS MEMORANDUM MAKES REFERENCE TO THE MANAGER BEING 
AUTHORIZED AND REGULATED AS AN "ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND MANAGER" BY THE 
FCA. 
AS OF THE DATE HEREOF, THE MANAGER IS AWAITING FINAL CONFIRMATION OF ITS 
AUTHORIZATION FROM THE FCA. FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, THE FIRST CLOSING OF 
THE 
FUND WILL NOT OCCUR UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE MANAGER HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
AUTHORIZATIONS. 
THIS MEMORANDUM DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY 
JURISDICTION 
TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY TO WHICH IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER OR 
SOLICITATION 
IN SUCH STATE OR JURISDICTION. THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING AND THE INTERESTS 
DESCRIBED HEREIN MAY BE MODIFIED AT ANY TIME. IN THE EVENT THAT THE 
DESCRIPTIONS OR 
TERMS IN THIS MEMORANDUM ARE INCONSISTENT WITH OR CONTRARY TO THE FUND 
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT (WHICH IS AVAILABLE TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS UPON 
REQUEST), THE FUND PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT SHALL CONTROL. 
EFTA01397925
--- PAGE 127 ---
NO PERSON HAS BEEN AUTHORIZED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING TO GIVE ANY 
INFORMATION OR TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OTHER THAN AS CONTAINED IN THIS 
MEMORANDUM OR THE DEFINITIVE SUBSCRIPTION DOCUMENTS, AND, IF GIVEN OR MADE, 
SUCH 
INFORMATION OR REPRESENTATION NOT CONTAINED HEREIN OR THEREIN MUST NOT BE 
RELIED UPON AS HAVING BEEN AUTHORIZED BY THE MANAGER, THE FUND, ITS GENERAL 
PARTNER (THE "GENERAL PARTNER") OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES. THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MEMORANDUM HAS BEEN COMPILED AS OF THE DATE 
HEREOF UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED HEREIN, AND NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS 
MEMORANDUM AT ANY TIME, NOR ANY SALE HEREUNDER, SHALL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES 
CREATE AN IMPLICATION THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS CORRECT AS OF 
ANY 
TIME SUBSEQUENT TO SUCH DATE. CERTAIN ECONOMIC AND MARKET INFORMATION 
CONTAINED HEREIN HAS BEEN OBTAINED FROM PUBLISHED SOURCES PREPARED BY OTHER 
PARTIES. WHILE SUCH SOURCES ARE BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, SUCH INFORMATION 
HAS NOT 
BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED AND NONE OF THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND, THE 
MANAGER, THE U.S. ADVISER OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES ASSUMES ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER 
CREDIT SUISSE ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED ("CREDIT SUISSE") NOR ANY OF ITS 
AFFILIATES 
HAS INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE 
INFORMATION 
OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE BY THE GENERAL PARTNER, THE FUND OR THE MANAGER, AND 
MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF 
SUCH INFORMATION OR ANY FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION STATEMENTS CONTAINED IN 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iii 
EFTA01397926
--- PAGE 128 ---
IIIIIIIIIIIreg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
THIS MEMORANDUM. 
EACH OF GLENDOWER CAPITAL, LLP AND THE GENERAL PARTNER IS EXEMPT FROM 
REGISTRATION WITH THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") 
AND IS 
NOT REGISTERED WITH THE CFTC AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR ("CPO"), PURSUANT 
TO AN 
EXEMPTION UNDER CFTC REGULATION SECTION 4.13(A)(3) FOR POOLS (A) WHOSE 
INTERESTS 
ARE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ARE OFFERED AND 
SOLD 
WITHOUT MARKETING TO THE PUBLIC IN THE UNITED STATES, (B) WHOSE PARTICIPANTS 
ARE 
LIMITED TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND (C) WHOSE INVESTMENTS IN COMMODITY 
INTEREST 
POSITIONS ARE LIMITED SUCH THAT EITHER (1) THE AGGREGATE INITIAL MARGIN, 
PREMIUMS 
AND REQUIRED MINIMUM DEPOSIT FOR RETAIL FOREX TRANSACTIONS (AS DEFINED IN 
CFTC 
REGULATION SECTION 5.1(M)) REQUIRED TO ESTABLISH SUCH POSITIONS, DETERMINED 
AT THE 
TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT EXCEED 5% OF THE 
LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING INTO ACCOUNT 
UNREALIZED 
PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS ENTERED INTO, 
PROVIDED 
THAT, IN THE CASE OF AN OPTION THAT IS IN-THE-MONEY AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE, 
THE INTHE-MONEY 
AMOUNT AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATION SECTION 190.01 MAY BE EXCLUDED IN 
COMPUTING SUCH 5% OR (2) AN AGGREGATE NET NOTIONAL VALUE OF SUCH POSITIONS, 
DETERMINED AT THE TIME OF THE MOST RECENTLY ESTABLISHED POSITION, DOES NOT 
EXCEED 100% OF THE LIQUIDATION VALUE OF THE POOL'S PORTFOLIO, AFTER TAKING 
INTO 
ACCOUNT UNREALIZED PROFITS AND UNREALIZED LOSSES ON ANY SUCH POSITIONS IT HAS 
ENTERED INTO. THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, NEITHER THE MANAGER NOR THE 
GENERAL PARTNER IS REQUIRED TO DELIVER A DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT (AS DEFINED IN 
THE 
CFTC REGULATIONS) AND A CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORT TO INVESTORS. 
THE CFTC DOES NOT PASS UPON THE MERITS OF PARTICIPATING IN A POOL OR UPON THE 
ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF AN OFFERING MEMORANDUM. CONSEQUENTLY, THE CFTC HAS 
NOT REVIEWED OR APPROVED THIS OFFERING OR THIS MEMORANDUM. 
THIS MEMORANDUM WAS PREPARED BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE FUND AND IS BEING 
FURNISHED BY CREDIT SUISSE AS PLACEMENT AGENT SOLELY FOR USE BY PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THIS OFFERING. CREDIT SUISSE IS ACTING AS 
PLACEMENT 
AGENT FOR THE GENERAL PARTNER, AND, IN THAT CAPACITY, IS NOT ACTING AS 
INVESTMENT 
ADVISER, MUNICIPAL ADVISOR, OR FIDUCIARY TO POTENTIAL PURCHASERS IN 
CONNECTION 
WITH THE INTERESTS OFFERED IN THIS MEMORANDUM. IN ACTING AS PLACEMENT AGENT, 
EFTA01397927
--- PAGE 129 ---
CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ADVISING ANY RECIPIENT OF THIS MEMORANDUM REGARDING 
WHETHER 
THE FUND IS MORE APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH RECIPIENT'S INVESTMENT NEEDS THAN OTHER 
SIMILAR FUNDS THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE. POTENTIAL INVESTORS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN 
INVESTMENT DECISIONS. IN MAKING THOSE DECISIONS, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD 
AWARE THAT CREDIT SUISSE WILL RECEIVE A PLACEMENT FEE FROM THE GENERAL 
PARTNER 
(OR ITS AFFILIATE) THAT IS GENERALLY BASED UPON THE AMOUNT OF INTERESTS IN 
THE FUND 
SUBSCRIBED FOR BY THE INVESTORS. CREDIT SUISSE IS NOT ACTING AND WILL NOT 
ACT AS A 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 975 OF THE DODD-FRANK WALL 
STREET 
REFORM AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT AND THE RULES AND REGULATIONS PROMULGATED 
THEREUNDER ("MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE"). ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR 
INFORMATION THAT 
CREDIT SUISSE PROVIDES TO A MUNICIPAL ENTITY OR OBLIGATED PERSON AS DEFINED 
BY THE 
MUNICIPAL ADVISOR RULE ("COVERED PARTY") ARE PROVIDED ON AN ARM'S LENGTH 
BASIS AND 
NOT AS AN ADVISOR OR FIDUCIARY TO THE COVERED PARTY. COVERED PARTIES SHOULD 
CONSULT WITH THEIR OWN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL ADVISORS BEFORE TAKING ACTION 
WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY SERVICES, MATERIAL, OR INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THEM BY CREDIT 
SUISSE. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO WILL NOT SOLICIT A COVERED PARTY FOR DIRECT OR 
INDIRECT 
COMPENSATION ON BEHALF OF AN UNAFFILIATED INVESTMENT ADVISER FOR THE PURPOSE 
OF 
OBTAINING OR RETAINING AN ENGAGEMENT FOR THAT INVESTMENT ADVISER BY THE 
COVERED 
PARTY TO PROVIDE INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES TO OR ON BEHALF OF THE COVERED 
PARTY. CREDIT SUISSE ALSO SEEKS TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND EARN FEES OR 
COMMISSIONS 
FROM AFFILIATES OF THE GENERAL PARTNER OF THE FUND AND ITS PORTFOLIO 
COMPANIES, 
AS WELL AS WITH OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS THAT MAY HAVE SIMILAR OR 
DIFFERENT INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES AS THE FUND. EXAMPLES OF SUCH BUSINESS MAY 
INCLUDE, WITHOUT LIMITATION: PROVISION OF FINANCING OR INVESTMENT BANKING 
SERVICES; 
LENDING OR ARRANGING CREDIT; PROVISION OF PRIME BROKERAGE; AND PLACEMENT 
SERVICES. ACCORDINGLY, POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD RECOGNIZE THAT CREDIT 
SUISSE'S 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page iv 
EFTA01397928
--- PAGE 130 ---
reg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PARTICIPATION AS PLACEMENT AGENT FOR THE INTERESTS MAY BE INFLUENCED BY ITS 
INTEREST IN SUCH CURRENT OR FUTURE FEES AND COMMISSIONS, INCLUDING 
DIFFERENTIALS 
IN THE PLACEMENT FEES THAT ARE OFFERED BY OTHER THIRD PARTY FUND SPONSORS FOR 
WHICH CREDIT SUISSE ACTS AS PLACEMENT AGENT. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO 
AWARE THAT CERTAIN AFFILIATES OR EMPLOYEES OF CREDIT SUISSE MIGHT INVEST IN 
THE 
FUND ON THEIR OWN BEHALF AND/OR ON BEHALF OF THEIR CLIENTS. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD CONSIDER THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS IN MAKING THEIR INVESTMENT 
DECISIONS. 
BY INVESTING IN THE FUND, EACH RECIPIENT CONSENTS TO THESE POTENTIAL 
CONFLICTS AND 
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE POTENTIAL CONFLICTS ARE NOT MATERIAL TO SUCH 
RECIPIENT'S 
DECISION TO PROVIDE SUCH CONSENT. 
CREDIT SUISSE DOES NOT PROVIDE ANY TAX ADVICE. ANY TAX STATEMENT HEREIN 
REGARDING 
ANY U.S. FEDERAL TAX IS NOT INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE USED, AND CANNOT BE 
USED, BY 
ANY TAXPAYER FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING ANY PENALTIES. ANY SUCH STATEMENT 
HEREIN WAS WRITTEN TO SUPPORT THE MARKETING OR PROMOTION OF THE 
TRANSACTION(S) 
OR MATTER(S) TO WHICH THE STATEMENT RELATES. EACH TAXPAYER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE 
BASED ON THE TAXPAYER'S PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM AN INDEPENDENT TAX 
ADVISOR. 
NOTICE TO NEW HAMPSHIRE RESIDENTS 
NEITHER THE FACT THAT A REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN APPLICATION FOR A 
LICENSE HAS 
BEEN FILED UNDER CHAPTER 421-B OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE REVISED STATUTES 
ANNOTATED 
WITH THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE NOR THE FACT THAT A SECURITY IS EFFECTIVELY 
REGISTERED OR A PERSON IS LICENSED IN THE STATE OF NEW HAMPSHIRE CONSTITUTES 
A 
FINDING BY THE SECRETARY OF STATE THAT ANY DOCUMENT FILED UNDER RSA 421-B IS 
TRUE, 
COMPLETE AND NOT MISLEADING. NEITHER ANY SUCH FACT NOR THE FACT THAT AN 
EXEMPTION OR EXCEPTION IS AVAILABLE FOR A SECURITY OR A TRANSACTION MEANS 
THAT 
THE SECRETARY OF STATE HAS PASSED IN ANY WAY UPON THE MERITS OR 
QUALIFICATIONS 
OF, OR RECOMMENDED OR GIVEN APPROVAL TO, ANY PERSON, SECURITY, OR 
TRANSACTION. IT 
IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE, OR CAUSE TO BE MADE, TO ANY PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER, 
CUSTOMER, OR CLIENT ANY REPRESENTATION INCONSISTENT WITH THE PROVISIONS OF 
THIS 
PARAGRAPH. 
NOTICE TO FLORIDA PURCHASERS 
EFTA01397929
--- PAGE 131 ---
PURCHASERS OF SECURITIES THAT ARE EXEMPTED FROM REGISTRATION BY 
SECTION 517.061(11) OF THE FLORIDA SECURITIES AND INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
HAVE THE 
RIGHT TO VOID THEIR PURCHASE WITHIN THREE (3) DAYS AFTER THE FIRST TENDER OF 
CONSIDERATION UNLESS SALES ARE MADE TO FEWER THAN FIVE (5) PURCHASERS IN 
FLORIDA. 
"DOLLARS" AND "$" REFER IN ALL CASES TO UNITED STATES DOLLARS. 
MARCH 2018 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Page v 
EFTA01397930
--- PAGE 132 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo 
Email: 
Glendower api a 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Confiders is 
riva e 
acemen 
emoran um 
Page vi 
Pirzio-Biroli 
EFTA01397931
--- PAGE 133 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Table of Contents 
Section 1: Executive 
Summary  
Section 2: Investment 
Performance  
Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms  
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, 
LP  
Section 5: Fund 
Management  
Section 6: Summary of Terms and 
Conditions  
Section 7: Risk 
Factors  
Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest  
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations  
Appendices  
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific 
Jurisdictions  
Appendix 2 Privacy 
Notice  
Appendix 3 Anti-Money 
Laundering  
 101 
Appendix 4 Key 
Definitions  
 102 
Appendix 5 Important Performance 
Information  
 108 
Appendix 6 
Directory  
 111 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General 
EFTA01397932
--- PAGE 134 ---
Partner  
 112 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397933
--- PAGE 135 ---
MI 
Greg Martin 
, 
Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397934
--- PAGE 136 ---
Greg Martin 
en ower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397935
--- PAGE 137 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Executive Summary 
Overview 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, 
LLP ("Glendower Capital", "Glendower" or the "Manager"), an independent 
investment firm, privately held by its 
partners and focused on secondary private markets. Glendower was formed by 
the secondary opportunities team that 
spun-out from Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 2017. 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in aggregate commitments with the aim of 
generating attractive risk-adjusted 
investment returns, principally in the form of capital appreciation, through 
the acquisition, holding and disposition of a 
diverse portfolio of investments including large and mid-market buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, 
turnaround, mezzanine, distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets primarily on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, (i) the 
acquisition of interests in established generalist 
and specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, 
feeder funds and other similar structures) on the 
secondary market (each such fund or structure, a "Fund Secondary" and, 
together, "Fund Secondaries"), (ii) the 
acquisition of investment interests in private equity fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary 
market through bespoke liquidity solutions (each such investment interest, a 
"GP-led Secondary" and, together, "GP-led 
Secondaries"), and (iii) co-investments in individual portfolio companies 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each 
such co-investment, a "Single Asset Deal"). 
SOF IV will be the fourth dedicated secondary fund led by Carlo Pirzio-
Biroli and Charles Smith (the "Managing 
Partners") and invested by Glendower Capital's team of investment 
professionals. As described in "History" 
(immediately below), this will be the first dedicated secondary fund raised 
outside of Deutsche Asset Management by the 
Managing Partners and the Glendower SOF Team (as defined below) and managed 
by Glendower Capital. 
History 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith, Managing Partners of Glendower, co-
founded Deutsche Asset Management's 
Secondary Opportunities Fund investment program (the "SOF Business") in 2006 
after having worked together from 
2003 to 2006 to restructure and wind down Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion 
proprietary balance sheet private equity 
portfolio.1 Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies (Partners of Glendower) and 
Francesco Rigamonti (Senior Advisor to 
Glendower) were part of the team initially assembled by the Managing 
EFTA01397936
--- PAGE 138 ---
Partners in 2003 in London. The team was 
subsequently expanded to include Adam Graev and Joshua Glaser (Partners of 
Glendower) in 2007 and 2013, 
respectively, in New York, as well as certain junior professionals, to 
become the "SOF Team" and, on and from August 1, 
2017, the "Glendower SOF Team".2 From 2006 to 2017 the Managing Partners led 
the SOF Team in establishing, 
fundraising and investing SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III (collectively the 
"SOF Funds" or the "SOF Program") with 
aggregate commitments of US$3 billion. More specifically: 
\Z SOF,3 the initial SOF Program secondary fund that was formed in 2006 and 
held a final close in early 2007 with a 
US$565 million pool of commitments. 
)Z SOF D,4 a top-up secondary fund that was formed in 2010 with a US$147 
million pool of commitments. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it. 
References to the "Glendower SOF Team" may also include investment 
professionals and other personnel that are subsequently hired by the 
Manager. 
SOF is a pool of capital dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 
2007, which was structured through three separate investment vehicles, DB 
Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P. ("SOF A"), DB Secondary Opportunities 
Fund B, L.P. ("SOF B") and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
("SOF C"), collectively "SOF". 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. ("SOF D") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market, closed in 2010. SOF D is a Euro 
denominated fund. US$ values have been converted to Euros at the September 
30, 2017 rate of 1.1822. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397937
--- PAGE 139 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
\Z SOF II,5 the second secondary fund that was formed in 2011 and held a 
final close in 2012 with a US$614 million 
pool of commitments. 
\Z SOF III,6 the third secondary fund that held a single close in late 2014 
with a US$1,654 billion pool of commitments. 
On August 1, 2017 all investment professionals and key operations 
professionals of the SOF Team spun-out and formed 
Glendower Capital to continue the secondary investment strategy developed at 
Deutsche Asset Management. As part of 
the spin-out, certain arrangements are in place between, 
inter alia, Deutsche Asset Management and Glendower Capital 
in order to provide operational continuity to the SOF Funds throughout their 
remaining term. Pursuant to these 
arrangements Glendower Capital will continue to provide investment advice 
and the Managing Partners will provide 
investment management services to Deutsche Asset Management with respect to 
the SOF Funds and assist Deutsche 
Asset Management with the day-to-day management and realization of the 
portfolio investments. Deutsche Asset 
Management will have no future role with Glendower Capital, other than in 
relation to the SOF Funds. 
As further disclosed in Appendix 5 (Important Performance Information) any 
track record or other financial 
information in respect of the SOF Funds relates to the SOF Funds raised 
prior to the spin-out of Glendower 
Capital from Deutsche Asset Management. Accordingly, when considering the 
track record and other financial 
information contained herein, each prospective investor should have regard 
to the fact that other employees of 
Deutsche Asset Management who have not joined Glendower Capital were 
involved in the investment 
committees of the SOF Funds and the investment decision-making process in 
respect of the investments made 
by the SOF Funds.7 
Investment Highlights 
The Manager believes that its market focus and strategic approach to 
transaction sourcing and disciplined investment 
process will generate high quality secondary private equity investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Benefits of secondary market investing 
Capitalize on information asymmetries to re-price existing mature assets. 
Mitigate blind pool risk by focusing on mature portfolio assets and 
valuations. 
\Z Mitigate the J-curve due to a shorter duration of investments and earlier 
cash distributions. 
Complement investors' portfolio construction by accelerating deployment 
of capital and providing diversified exposure 
across vintage (including older vintage years), strategy, industry and 
EFTA01397938
--- PAGE 140 ---
geography. 
Compelling investment opportunity 
The secondary market has transitioned from a cyclical distressed play to 
an institutionalized market where US$58 
billion8 was transacted in 2017 by a wide range of sellers, including 
pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, 
endowments and foundations, asset managers, financial institutions and 
family offices. 
\Z With US$125 billion of near-term capital available for investment 
(commonly referred to as 'dry powder') available for 
secondaries vs 2017 annual volume of US$58 billion, the supply-demand 
balance in the secondary market remains 
more favorable at 2.2x than other asset classes such as buyouts (3.7x).9 
)Z Secondary market pricing has normalized and remains stable at ca. 90% of 
Fair Market Value ("FMV") since 201010 
within the range acceptable to both buyers and sellers leading to record 
secondary transaction volumes.11 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP ("SOF II") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first closing in 2011. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP ("SOF III") is a pool of capital 
dedicated to the secondary market that held its first and final closing in 
2014. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF 
D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report, Bain & Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 
and Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397939
--- PAGE 141 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Bespoke liquidity solutions or GP-led Secondary deals, another key target 
area for the Fund, are an evolving and 
growing segment of the market. Today they represent just under 25%12 of the 
market and include spin-in/spin-outs, tailend 
funds (i.e., funds raised at least 10 years ago) restructuring, asset 
liquidations, and LP tenders. 
Distinctive investment strategy 
The Manager intends to replicate the consistent, distinctive investment 
strategyl3 pursued by the SOF Team (while at 
Deutsche Asset Management14) in each of the SOF Funds. This strategy is 
built around five main pillars: 
)Z A focus on less competitive transactions such as smaller US$5-100 million 
Fund Secondaries, US$100-250 million 
GP-led Secondaries and larger, more complex deals where the Glendower SOF 
Team has an angle. As of 
September 30, 2017, the SOF Funds had completed 82 transactions with an 
average deal size of US$40 million. 
\Z Pursuing a selective, true value approach through bottom-up, in-depth 
fundamental analysis rather than deal 
structuring / leveraging. Positioned as a mid-sized alpha value investor vs 
larger levered beta players, the SOF 
Team has screened approximately 3,000 potential deals since 2007 valued at 
around US$400 billion in the aggregate 
and have transacted around 1% of this deal-flow by value. 
)Z Buying margin of safety and mitigating blind pool risk by purchasing 
mature fund interests at a discount to FMV. The 
SOF Team has historically purchased at an average 20% discount to FMV over 
350 fund interests which were around 
80% funded and typically past their investment period at the time of 
purchase.15 
)Z Pursuing an efficient portfolio management approach. The SOF Team has 
historically (i) not utilized leverage at 
transaction level and limited at portfolio level, (ii) systematically 
implemented currency hedging to mitigate 50 to 60% 
of market volatility, (iii) consistently diversified the SOF portfolios 
across a maximum of 30 to 40 transactions to 
mitigate over 90% of non-market deal risk. 
Pursuing a portfolio construction according to a barbell approach 
adjusted to market cycles. Since inception, the 
SOF Team has completed around 58% of its transactions in Fund Secondaries 
and 42% in GP-led Secondaries and 
Single Asset Deals16 adjusting to focus on the former during market 
corrections and on the latter during normalized 
market conditions. 
It is expected that the Fund will opportunistically pursue transactions in a 
broad range of private equity fund investments 
(including funds of funds, feeder funds and other similar structures), 
portfolios of direct private equity assets, and coinvestments 
EFTA01397940
--- PAGE 142 ---
in individual assets alongside private equity sponsors where the Glendower 
SOF Team has an angle. More 
specifically: 
.>Z Informational advantage, by leveraging the Glendower SOF Team's 
relationships with over 180 Fund Sponsors17 and 
its investments in more than 350 fund interests worldwide.18 
\Z Relationship with sellers, by working directly with sellers to address 
their objectives, which often include nonmonetary 
factors such as confidentiality, speed of transaction, and certainty of 
execution. 
.>Z Opportunity to solve for complexity, by leveraging the Glendower SOF 
Team's transactional expertise to structure 
more complex transactions at a smaller size than other larger secondary 
funds. 
Source: Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Represents % of aggregate invested capital in the SOF Funds as of 
September 30, 2017. Past portfolio construction of the SOF Funds is not a 
prediction of the Fund's portfolio construction. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397941
--- PAGE 143 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Established track recordl9, 20 
As of September 30, 2017 the SOF Program has delivered a strong performance 
with aggregate gross performance 
since inception of 1.6x gross multiple and 28% IRR (Internal Rate of Return) 
and 1.5x TVPI (Total Value to Paid-in 
Capital), 0.9x DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital) and 23% Net IRR to 
investors. More specifically: 
SOF (2006, US$565 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top decile 
performance in the 2006 vintage peer 
group, with 2.1x gross multiple and 29% gross IRR and a 1.8x TVPI, 1.8x DPI 
and 22% Net IRR. 
t SOF D (2010, US$147 million, in harvesting stage) has generated top 
decile performance with a 3.0x gross multiple 
and 37% gross IRR and a 2.3x TVPI, 2.1x DPI and 29% Net IRR. 
)Z SOF II (2011, US$614 million, in maturing stage) has generated top 
quartile performance with a 1.7x gross multiple 
and 23% gross IRR and a 1.5x TVPI, 1.2x DPI and a 20% Net IRR. 
.>Z SOF III (2014, US$1,654 billion, in early stage — completing investment 
period) has generated top quartile 
performance with a 1.4x gross multiple and 31% gross IRR and a 1.3x TVPI, 
0.3x DPI and 30% Net IRR. 
Experienced, independent team dedicated to secondaries 
\Z Newly established, independent firm wholly owned by its Partners. 
• Glendower Capital acts as adviser and sub-delegated manager to the SOF 
Funds, generating meaningful fee income 
for Glendower Capital. 
\Z Privately owned by its partners who worked together for 15 years2l before 
spinning-out from Deutsche Asset 
Management in 2017. 
)Z London and New York offices with established operational, integrated, 
self-contained processes developed by the 
SOF Team over 10 years. 
)Z Seasoned international 23-strong team (16 investment professionals with a 
12-year average of relevant experience) 
targeted to grow to 26-28 by mid 2018. 
\Z Extensive database and relationships having invested around US$3 billion 
in over 350 fund interests in more than 80 
deals and having screened thousands of funds over 10 years.22 
Unique sell-side experience, having participated in the restructuring of 
Deutsche Bank's €5.1 billion proprietary 
private equity portfolio from 2003 to 2006.23 
Disciplined and selective investment process 
\Z Targets attractive risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net IRR (after 
all fees, expenses and carried interest) on a 
portfolio-wide basis.24 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. This information reflects a comparison of the 
performance of the SOF Funds against one benchmark only. SOF Funds' 
performance may differ when compared to other benchmark data. 
EFTA01397942
--- PAGE 144 ---
Performance of the SOF Funds is not included in the data set used to 
calculate the benchmark data. Please refer to Section 2, Exhibit 2 for 
further 
information. 
The performance figures have not been audited and are based on the 
unaudited aggregated performance results of SOF, SOF D and SOF II and SOF 
III, collectively the SOF Funds, as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information which sets forth, amongst other things, important information 
regarding the performance described above. Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of subscription line facilities. 
The SOF Funds use (and SOF IV is expected to use) such facilities to manage 
capital drawdowns, as described in "Drawdowns and use of 
subscription line facilities" in Section 7: Risk Factors. The SOF Funds' 
performance data is not expected to be representative of the investment 
returns that will be experienced by investors in the Fund. Gross returns are 
gross of fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the 
investment level. Investors should consult with their own advisors as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of their future performance 
or that of the Fund. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Chi Cheung and Deirdre Davies have 
worked together since 2003. Adam Graev became part of the SOF Team in 
2007 and Joshua Glaser in 2013. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information. 
The Deutsche Bank proprietary private equity restructuring took place 
between 2003 and 2006. Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli played a role 
alongside other Deutsche Bank colleagues in the transactions that 
contributed to the disposition of Deutsche Bank's proprietary private equity 
portfolio. 
Charles Smith and Carlo Pirzio-Biroli were not involved in all such 
transactions and the efforts described in this Memorandum in respect of the 
proprietary private equity restructuring are attributable to the whole 
Deutsche Bank team rather than any individual within it 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397943
--- PAGE 145 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 1: Executive Summary 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
t Leverages informational advantage from relationships with over 180 Fund 
Sponsors.25 
tZ Conducts a rigorous value driven, asset-by-asset, bottom-up analysis 
focused on: 
— Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company26 
— Cash flow analysis at portfolio level 
— Review of fund and portfolio company management 
— Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns 
— Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity 
\Z Identifies investment opportunities where there is an alignment of 
interest between the Fund Sponsor and its 
investors and the majority of value is in identifiable, attractive assets 
with reasonable leverage and attractive "see 
through" entry multiple at secondary pricing. 
Strong alignment of interests 
The interests of the Glendower SOF Team will be strongly aligned with the 
investors in the Fund: 
.>Z The senior members of Glendower Capital intend to commit a minimum of 
1.0% of the Fund. 
.>Z The partners and professionals of Glendower Capital will be entitled to 
receive all the Carried Interest generated by 
the Fund. 
.>Z The Investment Committee of the Fund will consist solely of individuals 
from Glendower Capital. 
tZ Deutsche Bank will not be involved in the management of SOF IV, or any 
future funds managed or advised by 
Glendower Capital. Accordingly, Deutsche Bank will not receive any carried 
interest or general partner's share (or 
the equivalent thereof) generated by SOF IV. 
The key terms of the Fund are highlighted in Section 3: Summary of Principal 
Terms and set out in more detail in 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions. Certain risks and potential 
conflicts of interest associated with the Fund 
are highlighted in Section 7: Risk Factors and Section 8: Conflicts of 
Interest, which Investors should consider carefully. 
Source: Glendower Capital's proprietary information 
To the extent that such information is available. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
•
EFTA01397944
--- PAGE 146 ---
reg Martin 
en ower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397945
--- PAGE 147 ---
Greg Martin 
ection : Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Performance 
Secondaries Performance Highlights 
The Glendower SOF Team has delivered strong buyout-like returns27 to 
investors in the SOF Funds with an attractive 
risk profile, early cash flows, and negligible loss ratio. The performance 
of the SOF Funds in terms of the key closed-end 
funds metrics such as Net IRR, TVPI, and DPI is strong in absolute terms, 
compares favorably with its peers and shows 
strong consistency across fund vintages.28 
Through September 30, 2017, the SOF Program had invested29 US$3.3 billion in 
transactions resulting in distributions 
of over US$1.8 billion and had generated a 1.5x Net Multiple and a 23% Net 
IRR to investors. The mature funds in the 
SOF Program (SOF, SOF D, and SOF II) had generated a 1.7x Net Multiple and 
over 20% Net IRR. 
Exhibit 1: Performance of SOF Funds as of September 30, 201730, 31, 32, 33 
Fund 
SOF 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.0x 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
EFTA01397946
--- PAGE 148 ---
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
For discussion purposes only Source: Glendower Capital based on Preqin 
benchmark data for the median TVPI and Net IRR achieved by buyout 
funds for vintages of 1997 to 2017. Average buyout TVPI = 1.59x; Average Net 
IRR = 15.5%. Data as of September 30, 2017. For further 
benchmarking of Glendower Capital to buyout returns, please refer to Exhibit 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
"Invested" is defined as the sum of the purchase price and remaining 
unfunded obligation as of the time of closing, or time of expected closing 
for 
pending deals. 
The performance figures have not been audited and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance Information 
which sets forth, amongst other things, important information regarding the 
performance described above. The SOF Funds' performance data is not 
expected to be representative of the investment returns that will be 
EFTA01397947
--- PAGE 149 ---
experienced by investors in the Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds is 
not a 
prediction of future performance. Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the 
DaVinci Portfolio — a well diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds 
purchased through an SPV, providing exposure to buyout, special situations, 
venture capital and real estate strategies in North America, Europe and 
Asia. The number of funds and companies is an estimate and shows the 
aggregate of each deal at closing and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ valued have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing 
exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real estate 
strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397948
--- PAGE 150 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 2 each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage peer group reported in the 
Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics (September 30, 2017). 
The SOF Funds present comparatively 
strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage year. 
Exhibit 2: SOF Funds performance versus Cambridge Associates Secondary Fund 
Benchmark34, 35, 36, 37 
In Exhibit 3, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III is benchmarked against 
its vintage group of top quartile buyout 
funds reported in the Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of 
September 30, 2017. Again, the SOF 
Funds present comparatively strong Net IRR, DPI and TVPI across each vintage 
year. 
Exhibit 3: Buyout-like returns with a secondary risk profile38 
TVPI37 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.Ox 
SOF II 
SOF 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
15% 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0.Ox 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
20% 
SOF II 
2.Ox 
SOF 
25% 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
EFTA01397949
--- PAGE 151 ---
DPI37 
2.5x 
Net IRR37 
35% 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017. SOF Funds are shown benchmarked against their 
vintage year peer group. SOF and SOF D performance is not included in the 
data set used to calculate the benchmark data. Note that the performance 
figures in respect of SOF and SOF D have not been audited and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with Appendix 5: Important Performance 
Information. Past performance of SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance. 
Information presented in Exhibit 2 is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the 
Glendower SOF Team. There can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. 
DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI = Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & 
SOF III performance against one benchmark only. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II, SOF III or 
any other Glendower funds and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will 
achieve comparable results or that any target results will be achieved, but 
is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team. 
Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction and should be read and reviewed in conjunction 
with Appendix 5: 
Important Performance Information which sets forth, amongst other things, 
important information regarding the performance 
described above. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397950
--- PAGE 152 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
In Exhibit 4, each of SOF, SOF II and SOF III is compared against each other. 
The SOF Funds, each of a different size, raised in a different vintage and 
invested across diverse economic cycles, show 
strong consistency in terms of Net Contributed Capital, Net IRR, TVPI and 
DPI development. All funds peak below 50% 
in terms of Net Contributed Capital at around 16 quarters from inception. 
Net IRR, initially artificially high, levels off over 
time and converges at around 20% after 20 quarters. Capital tends to be 
returned in around 24 quarters, or 6 years. 
Lastly, TVPI tends to converge to the 1.65 - 1.85x range by the time funds 
are liquidated. The similar profiles exhibited 
below are ascribed to the consistency of the investment strategy which the 
Glendower SOF Team has adhered to since 
2006.39 
Exhibit 4: Consistency of SOF Funds performance40 
Past performance is not a prediction of future performance and therefore 
there can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. 
Net Contributed Capital as % Fund Size, Net IRR Development, TVPI (Total 
Value to Paid in Capital), DPI (Distributions to Paid-in Capital), as of 
September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based on the 
unaudited performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of 
September 30, 2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with 
Appendix 5: Important Performance Information which sets forth, among 
other things, important information regarding the performance information 
described in Exhibit 4. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns 
and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
that any target results will be achieved. Performance information on 
SOF D has not been included on this slide because SOF D is a single 
transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to underwrite pari-passu the DaVinci 
transaction with SOF. Glendower does not expect that similar transactions 
will be available to SOF IV. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397951
--- PAGE 153 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 2: Investment Performance 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Lastly, in Exhibit 5 the SOF Program is compared against public market 
indexes including the MCSI World Index, Russell 
2000 Index and the Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index. In all 
cases, each of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF 
III compares favorably to public markets. 
Exhibit 5: SOF Program compares favorably to public markets4l 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
MCSI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. 
These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate benchmark to compare 
a Glendower investor's performance, but rather is disclosed solely to 
allow for comparison to that of certain well-known and widely recognized 
EFTA01397952
--- PAGE 154 ---
indices. Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate 
the PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same 
date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth of the 
total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in the 
index 
and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have been 
treated using the "all in method". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Net IRR 
EFTA01397953
--- PAGE 155 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 3: Summary of Principal Terms 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397954
--- PAGE 156 ---
reg Martin 
ection : Summary of Principal Terms 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Principal Terms 
The following is a summary of the terms and conditions of an investment in 
the Fund. This summary should be read in 
conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, Risk Factors and 
Conflicts of Interest contained in Section 6, Section 7 and Section 8, 
respectively, of this Memorandum, the Fund 
Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the purchase of 
Interests, all of which are available upon 
request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an investment 
decision. 
Fund Name 
Investment Strategy 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive, risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in 
the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition of a diverse 
portfolio of private 
equity assets on the secondary market. 
Target Size 
US$1.75 billion. 
Minimum Commitment US$5 million. 
Fund Structure 
Manager 
English private fund limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, which is authorized and regulated in the UK by the 
FCA. The 
Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, to 
provide investment 
advice to the Manager in connection with the investment management of the 
Fund. 
Term 
Investment Period 
Target First Closing 
years from the date of the last closing of the Fund (expected to take 
place no later than 
months after the First Closing), with up to five one-year extensions. 
years from the last closing of the Fund. 
As soon as practicable. 
General Partner's Share The General Partner will receive from the Fund an 
annual profit share as follows: 
(i) 
(ii) 
(iii) 
during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum of aggregate Commitments; 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per 
annum of Invested Capital; 
EFTA01397955
--- PAGE 157 ---
for each successive year thereafter, the greater of 90% of the annual profit 
share 
for the immediately preceding year and 0.25% per annum of aggregate Invested 
Capital. 
Distributions and 
Carried Interest 
Clawback 
Preferred return: 8%. 
Carried interest: 12.5% with a 100% catch-up. 
Yes. 
Organizational Expenses The Fund will bear up to US$2.5 million. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397956
--- PAGE 158 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 4: Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397957
--- PAGE 159 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
SOF IV is being established by Glendower Capital as the successor fund to 
the SOF Funds to pursue the same 
investment strategy as the SOF Funds in the secondary market and will follow 
processes established by the Glendower 
SOF Team in the SOF Program.42 
Investment Strategy 
In line with the focused and disciplined investment strategy that has 
generated strong returns in the SOF Funds to date,43 
the Fund will target the acquisition, holding and disposition of a diverse 
portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine and 
distressed opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. 
The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the U.S. and Europe, three 
types of investment: 
1. Fund Secondaries, the purchase of LP interests in existing private equity 
funds; 
2. GP-led Secondaries, which can often involve greater complexity than 
traditional Fund Secondaries, and include 
spin-in/spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, asset liquidations and LP 
tenders; and 
3. Single Asset Deals into individual private equity companies, either at 
the time of the original acquisition, or later 
from an investor seeking early liquidity. 
The Manager will primarily allocate capital between these three strategies 
depending on its assessment of the relative 
attractiveness of the transactions available at any point in time. During 
the Investment Period the relative weightings of 
each of the three strategies may vary as the Manager's assessment of their 
relative attractiveness changes. 
The Fund will focus on smaller Fund Secondaries of US$5 million to US$100 
million sourced from a mix of small 
institutions, family offices and private investors coupled with the 
opportunistic pursuit of larger transactions sourced from 
financial institutions, corporate and alternative funds. This will, in the 
Manager's view, enable the Manager to select the 
most attractive investment opportunities on a global basis. 
The Fund will target GP-led Secondaries of US$100 million to US$250 million, 
focusing on funds with attractive assets 
managed by fundamentally sound managers who have 'hit a bump in the road,' 
or have investors who have lost patience 
or changed strategy and are therefore looking for liquidity. The Manager 
believes it will be one of few Managers who 
have the capabilities to execute such transactions at this size range — most 
Managers target larger transactions to justify 
the higher level of resources necessary to execute GP-led Secondaries. 
The Fund will opportunistically invest into Single Asset Deals where the 
EFTA01397958
--- PAGE 160 ---
Manager believes it has identified a situation 
where its capital can add value to the transaction or help unlock a 
situation. 
In addition to the three strategies described above, the Fund will have the 
ability to allocate up to 15% of aggregate 
commitments to select primary fund investments and other opportunities to 
invest in funds where less than 50% of 
aggregate capital commitments of the relevant fund have been drawn down. 
The Fund will target attractive, risk-adjusted returns in excess of 20% Net 
IRR (after fees, expenses and carried interest) 
on a portfolio basis.44 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team was able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Past performance of the SOF Funds is not a prediction of future 
performance of either the SOF Funds or the Fund. Actual returns on unrealized 
investments may differ materially from returns indicated herein. 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment 
objective or its target return. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397959
--- PAGE 161 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Manager believes it will be able to source less intermediated deal flow 
and work directly with sellers to address their 
objectives, which often include non-monetary factors such as 
confidentiality, speed of transaction and certainty of 
execution. 
Differentiated Sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team maintains an extensive network of relationships and 
referral sources amongst fund investors, 
fund sponsors, managers, portfolio companies, intermediaries/placement 
agents, investment banks and other 
counterparties in the financial industry which they can leverage to source 
proprietary, less intermediated, deal flow. 
The Manager believes that its global sourcing approach is critical to 
achieving attractive risk-adjusted returns for the 
Fund by allocating capital to what the Manager considers to be the best 
investment opportunities on a global basis. 
Since inception, the SOF Program has benefitted from a diversified pool of 
sellers as well as assets. More specifically: 
\Z The secondary investments represented in the SOF Funds are comprised of 
assets located in (by fair market value) 
North America 47%, Europe 47%, Asia and Pacific 3% and the rest of the world 
4%.45 
\Z Sellers of the assets purchased by the SOF Funds were located in (by 
value) North America 43%, Western Europe 
55% and the rest of the world 3%.46 
The Manager expects to leverage non-monetary factors, such as 
confidentiality, trust, speed and certainty of execution. 
In Glendower's experience, these factors become particularly relevant to 
sellers in distressed financial conditions or who 
are keen to mitigate execution risk in rapidly changing markets. In sourcing 
transactions for the Fund, the Manager 
expects the Glendower SOF Team to focus on sellers who ascribe value to non -
monetary factors that the Fund may be 
in a position to offer. 
Exhibit 6: Established and disciplined sourcing and deal selection process. 
A wide funnel and a narrow filter.47 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
EFTA01397960
--- PAGE 162 ---
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of September 
30, 2017. 
Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information. Data as of March 19, 
2018. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397961
--- PAGE 163 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion . Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors 
The Manager believes that secondary investments can form an important 
element of a diversified private equity portfolio: 
Secondaries complement investment portfolio construction: a secondary 
investment program can be designed to 
complement a primary investment program by filling the gaps in an investor's 
investment portfolio and providing 
exposure to older vintages or different strategies or geographies. 
\Z Secondaries provide the opportunity to pursue an attractive risk-reward 
profile. 
Exhibit 7: Attractiveness of Secondary Opportunities for Investors48 
In '000 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitgate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate 
3-Curve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
— Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash 
flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure 
across vintage, strategy, industry and geography. 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetic 
al timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
EFTA01397962
--- PAGE 164 ---
Timeframe of secondary investment 
11 
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
More specifically, the Manager believes that secondary investments offer the 
potential for an attractive risk-reward profile 
due to: 
\Z Pricing flexibility: capacity to re-price existing assets to reflect 
current performance and economic environment and to 
opportunistically target price inefficiencies resulting from market 
dislocation and supply-demand imbalances in the 
private equity market. 
\Z Mitigation of blind pool risk: a secondary manager is typically able to 
analyze existing assets and will therefore have 
greater visibility on cash-flows. 
\Z Mitigation of 3-curve effect: typically secondary investments are drawn 
down more quickly and return capital more 
quickly than primary funds and therefore suffer less from the 3-curve effect. 
Secondary Market Investment Opportunity 
Introduction 
Fundamentally, private equity assets — when held through funds, funds of 
funds, feeder funds or other similar holding 
structures — are illiquid investments with long holding periods (typically 
to 12 years for fund interests) during which 
time investors have no, or limited, rights to liquidity and investors 
receive limited information about the performance of 
the underlying portfolio companies. An investor in such a structure that 
requires liquidity prior to the sale of the 
underlying assets by the fund has limited alternatives to selling the 
interest on the secondary market. 
A range of dynamics in the private equity industry, such as an evolving 
regulatory environment, ongoing limited partner 
portfolio management becoming standard and a rising number of GP-led 
Secondaries, can create attractive opportunities 
to purchase private equity assets on a secondary basis. 
This information is for discussion purposes. The graph is an example for 
illustrative purposes and the actual cash flow profile of any given 
investment 
may vary substantially. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397963
--- PAGE 165 ---
EFTA01397964
--- PAGE 166 ---
reg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market overview 
The secondary private equity market has expanded and evolved dramatically 
over the last two decades. The market is 
large, dynamic and acknowledged by private equity firms and limited partners 
alike as a liquidity enabler for private 
equity investors globally. In its early years, the secondary market was 
typically a much more niche market and limited to 
the sale and purchase of limited partnership interests in private equity 
funds. Today, the market has expanded to include 
bespoke liquidity solutions such as LP tenders, GP recapitalizations and 
structured and hybrid transactions. At the same 
time, the global private equity market has increased significantly to US$2.8 
trillion.49 The expansion of secondary 
solutions and a large, growing primary private equity market have propelled 
the secondary market to record volumes in 
recent years. 
Over the previous three years the secondary market has consistently 
transacted an average of US$40 billion a year and 
in 2017 showed another significant jump in volume to US$58 billion.50 
Glendower believes that the record volumes are 
being driven primarily by: (i) increases in the number of transactions, and 
(ii) a greater number of small to medium-sized 
deals transacted by a diverse set of participants. Glendower expects that 
many of the critical drivers of volumes over the 
last few years, such as the growth of GP-led Secondaries and active 
portfolio management by investors, will continue to 
underpin the secondary market and represent mainstay sources of supply in 
this dynamic market. 
Glendower believes that the fundamental drivers of supply remain intact and 
future market activity will be driven by a 
number of factors, including a stable pricing environment, continued 
prominence of GP-led Secondaries and healthy 
buyer demand. Active portfolio management via LP portfolio sales represented 
the majority of market volumes in 2017 
and this trend should continue with sellers actively engaging in the market 
for a variety of reasons, including: (i) change 
in strategy, (ii) portfolio diversification, (iii) liquidity issues and (iv) 
tax planning. GP-led Secondaries now account for a 
significant amount of volume in the secondary market and contributed US$14 
billion51 in 2017 (24% of total volume). 
Glendower expects this once-emerging trend to now be a steady source of 
supply as transaction structures and market 
participants continue to evolve and mature. 
Exhibit 8: PE Secondary Market Volumes 2006 — 201752 
US$bn 
6x 
EFTA01397965
--- PAGE 167 ---
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
GP-led Secondary 
2012 
2013 
Fund Secondary 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The volume of private equity assets has grown significantly as more 
investors have entered the asset class, existing 
investors have increased allocations to private equity and larger 
commitments of capital have been made to increasingly 
larger investment funds. According to Preqin, the global private equity AUM 
in 1H17 amounts to US$2.8 trillion of which 
Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Source: Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions Discussion Materials, May 
2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to Secondary Market, June 
2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397966
--- PAGE 168 ---
IIIIIIIIII[reg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the NAV represents US$1.8 trillion and unfunded amounts to US$1.0 trillion. 
The growth of the primary private equity 
market together with an increased propensity to trade will be the two key 
drivers of the continued growth of the 
secondary market as a derivative of the primary market. 
Exhibit 9: Total PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillion53 
US$bn 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
2x 
Exhibit 10: Annual Secondary volumes now 1-2% of total 
PE54 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
Secondary market pricing — stable and driven by rational participants 
Pricing in the Secondary market is a key factor that sellers consider when 
evaluating a decision to potentially transact. In 
2017, the average headline high bid across all strategies remained strong at 
93% of NAV.55 While pricing increased 
slightly from the prior year, a closer review of pricing data revealed that 
younger funds with available dry powder received 
stronger pricing. Tail-end funds typically have few remaining unrealized 
assets with little projected uplift in value. This 
results in wider discounts than funds of more recent vintages whose assets 
still have potential for growth. 
While overall buyout funds traded at 99% of NAV in 2017 (skewed positively 
by high demand for more recent vintage 
funds), other funds, and one-off transactions (i.e., smaller portfolio deals 
EFTA01397967
--- PAGE 169 ---
without structure) traded at significantly larger 
discounts. There is an even greater price gap for perceived "out-of-favor" 
funds and lower-quality managers. It is 
Glendower's opinion that staying focused on bottom-up fund and asset 
selection, often resulting in acquiring one or only 
a few funds from a given seller, may result in the ability to generate 
stronger performance than larger portfolio purchases. 
The Manager believes that buying a large diversified portfolio in an 
auction, with the use of significant leverage and/or 
transaction structuring, is effectively purchasing a levered private equity 
index with diminished ability to generate alpha. 
It is important to note that while the Greenhill data of headline pricing 
captures bids received by sellers, it does not 
necessarily mean that most funds trade in the 90% range of NAV. The 
aggregate pricing data masks the broadening 
spread of discounts paid in the underlying deals which can be skewed by a 
number of factors, including large portfolio 
trades that often achieve strong pricing. 
It is also worthwhile to note that the pricing data is as of the Record Date,-
and does not factor in transaction structuring, 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture 
Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, 
June 2017. 
Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018 
Private equity funds typically report information to their investors, 
including the net asset value of their investment, on a quarterly basis. 
Secondary 
market transactions are typically priced with reference to the net asset 
value of an LP interest as of a specific reporting date, the "Record Date". 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397968
--- PAGE 170 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
cash flows between signing and closing and mark-to-market pricing — which 
taken together often result in higher effective 
discounts at closing for buyers. 
Exhibit 11: Secondary Market Pricing (2005 - 2017)57 
Secondary market pricing has rebounded from the high discounts and low 
volumes of 2009 to remain stable at around 
10% discount to NAV from 2014 to date. The Manager believes that the 
secondary market transacts in a healthy manner 
when headline pricing to the seller is in the 10% to 20% discount to 
reference date NAV range. For example, in 2009 
secondary volumes were very low because the high discount (to already low 
net asset values) being demanded by 
buyers did not match seller expectations, even those sellers in a certain 
amount of distress. From 2010 to today, 
secondary market pricing has recovered to within a transactable range, 
resulting in a more robust market. 
Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary Market Update, March 
2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the Secondary 
Market, June 2017. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397969
--- PAGE 171 ---
reg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Secondary market supply/demand remains balanced 
Glendower believes that the secondary market supply / demand is balanced 
with an active set of both buyers and sellers. 
Greenhill estimates the available dry powder in the Secondary market at ca. 
US$125 billion. If compared with 2017 
annual volume of US$58 billion, this represents a 2.2x ratio: Glendower 
believes that this represents a reasonable 
supply/demand balance of approximately two years of deal flow at current 
market volumes, a more favorable balance 
than in comparison to traditional private equity. 
Exhibit 12: Strong Secondary Capital supply58 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
Exhibit 13: Dry powder/deal volume remains balanced59 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Buyout 
Secondaries 
3.7x 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
2.2x 
Glendower believes the increase in absolute dry powder in the secondary 
market over the last few years has led some 
buyers - in an attempt to keep pace with capital deployment desires 
to 
modify their investment discipline. Glendower 
emphasizes rigorous asset selection and has historically maintained a very 
EFTA01397970
--- PAGE 172 ---
disciplined approach in its opportunity 
selection, transacting approximately 19660 of total transaction volume by 
value since inception. 
Diverse and growing seller universe 
Seller composition in 2017 was highly diverse, with no institutional 
category accounting for more than a quarter of total 
deals by number. According to Greenhill, all types of sellers participated 
in the secondary market in the first half of the 
year. This reflects the evolution of the secondary market which now 
represents an efficient portfolio management tool 
that is used by market participants to strategically rebalance private 
equity portfolios. The varied seller make-up contrasts 
to the past where volumes were concentrated in financial institutions and 
pension plans. Glendower expects selling 
activity to remain broad-based with particular strength from (i) GPs, (ii) 
public pensions, and (iii) funds-of-funds as they 
continuously rebalance their portfolios and seek to liquidate older vintage 
vehicles. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & 
Outlook, January 2018. 
2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report, Bain & 
Company Global Private Equity Report 2018 and Greenhill Cogent Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Deal flow information represents the aggregate deal flow by value 
reviewed by the Glendower SOF Team between January 1, 2006 and September 
30, 2017. Historical deal flow characteristics do not provide a prediction 
of future deal flow trends and there can be no guarantee that future deal 
flow 
will be comparable to historic deal flow. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397971
--- PAGE 173 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Exhibit 14: 2017: Seller composition breakdown6l 
Exhibit 15: Funds marketed by vintage58 
100% 
20% 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
80% 
60% 
58% 
40% 
Financial 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
0% 
2016 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
2017 
20% 
22% 
18% 
<2006 Pre-crisis 
43% 
2006-08 Pre-crisis 
39% 
>2008 Post-crisis 
Emergence of tail-end sales 
There has been a recent emergence of traditional secondary buyers and funds-
of-funds entering the market as sellers. 
While these seller types may be emerging, motivations for doing so are not 
new and are consistent with the broader 
asset management sub-segment, where sellers are looking to wind down older 
vehicles to either lock in gains, return 
capital to LPs, or both. Glendower estimates that here is a significant 
supply of secondary opportunities in pre-crisis 
bubble funds as evidenced by ca. US$600 billion of private equity assets 
still locked in 2003-2008 vintage funds. 
EFTA01397972
--- PAGE 174 ---
Exhibit 16: PE Assets by Fund Vintage Year62 
US$bn 
US$600 billion 
250 
226 
200 
201 
186 
150 
149 
137 
100 
2003 
2004 
2005 
2006 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
2007 
2008 
2009 
Crisis 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
Post Crisis 
2015 
2016 
129 
144 
193 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report — Private 
Equity and Venture Capital Unrealized Value by Fund Vintage Year as of 
June 2016. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397973
--- PAGE 175 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion . Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Growth and prominence of GP-led Secondaries 
The volume of GP-led Secondaries in 2017 was US$14 billion, representing 
approximately 24% of total Secondary 
market deal volumes.63 These transactions included recaps and 
restructurings, tender offers, direct secondaries and 
spin-outs. Historically, transactions involving buyout funds have dominated 
the landscape (70% of all GP-led 
Secondaries volume in 201664); however, there was significant growth in the 
real assets space with infrastructure funds 
representing 15%, followed by real estate, energy and venture. 
Exhibit 17: GP-led Secondaries Transaction Volume (2006 — 2017)65 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
7.1 
15% 
9.0 
20% 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 
2007 
2008 
EFTA01397974
--- PAGE 176 ---
2009 
GP-led secondaries 
2010 
2011 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
A number of factors are driving the trend for the general partners of 
underlying funds to organize liquidity solutions on 
behalf of their investors: 
t The global financial crisis left many GPs delaying exits by several years 
resulting in a build-up of inventory of assets 
for sale. Today, there is US$0.6 trillion of unrealized private equity 
assets locked in vintages 2008 and earlier. 
LPs are taking a more proactive approach to rebalancing their portfolios, 
which have included growing demands for 
the liquidity that GPs have long promised. 
A greater and growing number of high-quality managers are now utilizing 
the Secondary market to solve unique 
issues among their funds (i.e., end of fund life planning, additional 
capital to support existing portfolio companies, 
release of capital for latest offering etc.). 
t Continued evolution and refinement of transaction structures. 
Glendower believes that this reality has led to an influx of GP-led 
liquidity offerings and restructurings. Once mere 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
Greenhill Cogent Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2017. 
Glendower Capital based on Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, 
January 2018 and Evercore H1 2017 Secondary Market Survey Results. 
2017 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1.1 
1.9 
5% 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397975
--- PAGE 177 ---
reg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
curiosities, Glendower observes that GP-led Secondaries have quickly grown 
to be an important aspect of the market, 
one that Glendower expects to continue to actively drive volumes in the 
future. Glendower believes that it is only a matter 
of time before large brand name GPs utilize the Secondary market to achieve 
liquidity solutions for their older funds. 
While there has been a large influx of GP-led opportunities, Glendower has 
not observed that this automatically 
translates to closed deals. In fact, various market intermediaries have 
noted increased instances of failed transactions. 
GP-led Secondaries are inherently complex with many stakeholders involved. 
Glendower continues to believe the 
common themes among successful GP-led Secondaries include early and open 
communication with existing LPs, quality 
assets that are fairly valued, well-aligned managers and the creation of a 
set of options for existing investors that are 
more attractive than the status quo. 
The increased transaction risk and structuring sophistication that 
characterize GP-led Secondaries require more 
advanced secondary transactional expertise, larger teams and mid-to-large 
fund sizes to underwrite deals that are more 
concentrated than traditional LP portfolios. Glendower has taken a cautious, 
value-oriented approach to GP-led 
Secondaries and focuses on opportunities where there is strong alignment 
with the manager, diversified portfolio, 
attractive cash flow positive assets, near-term liquidity and a compelling 
rationale for the GP to seek a comprehensive 
liquidity solution for existing LPs. It is important to focus on deals that 
have the right dynamics to lead to a successful 
outcome for all involved parties. 
Exhibit 18: Glendower expects an increasing prevalence of GP-led Secondaries 
with "Top Quartile" GPs66 
Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397976
--- PAGE 178 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Competitive Environment 
The secondary market is made up of a range of funds targeting secondary 
opportunities varying in size from under 
US$100 million up to the largest, at US$10.8 billion, that closed in 2016.67 
Secondaries funds are further differentiated 
by their geographic focus and increasingly by their sourcing and investment 
strategy. 
The Fund will be positioned in the mid-sized segment of the market, which 
the Manager estimates currently comprises 
secondaries funds between US$1 billion and US$3 billion in size. The Manager 
believes this is a particularly attractive 
segment of the market because funds in this size bracket are able to build 
diversified portfolios while also being 
extremely selective over which transactions to pursue. 
In contrast, funds below US$1 billion are forced to compete in the very 
competitive market for small fund interests, and 
are often focused on particular geographies or strategies, reducing such a 
fund's ability to mitigate risk through 
diversification. Conversely, funds with sizes of greater than US$3 billion 
inevitably build extremely diversified portfolios 
which act as private equity indices and therefore have difficulty in 
generating out performance. 
Exhibit 19: Glendower Competitive Landscape: Well Positioned to Pursue its 
Strategy68 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market 
indexing 
• Global sourcing 
• Volume-driven 
3,000 
• 
M 
Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Global sourcing 
• Selective sourcing 
1,000 
SOF II 
S 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF I 
>50 players 
100 
EFTA01397977
--- PAGE 179 ---
1996 
1998 
2000 
2002 
2004 
2006 
2008 
Fund Vintages 
<$1bn 
$1-3bn 
>$3bn 
Glendower Capital 
2010 
2012 
2014 
2016 
2018 
SOF III 
SOF IV 
—10 players 
10,000 
—10 players 
Sourcing strategies 
Many of the larger funds source investments through auctions designed to 
sell large portfolios where the seller is looking 
to significantly reduce its private equity exposure. These sellers have 
historically included financial institutions that are 
compelled to sell by incoming regulations, and pension plans looking to 
actively manage their private equity portfolios. 
Financial institutions have now largely finished selling their portfolios, 
but pension plans remain large investors in private 
equity and will continue to sell periodically to manage their exposure. 
Following the sale of these large portfolios, the mix of sellers has changed 
towards alternative asset managers, family 
offices and endowments and foundations. The Manager expects the Fund to be 
ideally positioned to selectively acquire 
some of the remaining assets and positions held by these potential sellers. 
These transactions tend to be more 
complicated to execute or less conventional in asset type (real estate, 
infrastructure, mezzanine and special situations). 
The Manager's expertise in structuring relatively complex transactions, 
together with its target deal size of under US$100 
Source: Glendower Capital market intelligence. 
Source: Preqin database and Glendower Capital's own analysis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397978
--- PAGE 180 ---
IIIIIIIIII[reg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
million, make it a potential buyer of choice in these transactions. 
Maturity of fund interests 
The mid-sized fund segment of the market is further differentiated through 
the maturity of fund interests targeted. 
Some strategies target interests in immature buyout funds which are between 
15% and 50% drawn down. These 
strategies do a primary style analysis of the blind pool portion of the 
portfolio — focusing on the capability of the Fund 
Sponsor to invest the remaining commitments well, alongside a secondary 
pricing analysis of the existing assets. 
Complementary to this, some secondaries funds target interests in Fund 
Sponsors that are considered by their primary 
fund investment businesses to be of high quality on the basis that these 
interests, even if bought at close to par value, 
represent a compelling purchase. 
In contrast to these approaches, the Fund will focus only on mature fund 
interests (at least 50% drawn, typically over 
80% drawn). This approach provides the Manager with visibility on the 
underlying assets and reduces reliance on the 
Fund Sponsor to select strong investment opportunities (reduces 'blind pool 
risk'). 
Investment Process 
Overview 
The Glendower SOF Team has developed a robust and selective investment 
process to support its focused and 
disciplined investment strategy. 
Exhibit 20: Secondaries Investment Process 
Deal 
origination 
and sourcing 
fi Top down 
identification of 
attractive assets 
fF Focus on key 
seller verticals 
fi Proactive calling 
efforts 
fr Logging of all 
potential deals into 
pipeline 
Screening 
and due 
diligence 
ff, Weekly review of 
pipeline 
fi Staffing and 
prioritisation 
fF Detailed bottomup 
EFTA01397979
--- PAGE 181 ---
due diligence 
fr Transaction 
negotiation and 
structuring 
Investment 
decision & 
closing 
fr Approval by 
Investment 
Committee 
ff Final negotiations 
ff Signing of 
transaction 
ff GP consent / other 
closing conditions 
ff FX hedging 
fr Closing 
Monitoring 
and risk 
mgmt 
fr Review of 
realisations and 
updates on 
performance at 
weekly meeting 
fr Ongoing 
evaluation of sale 
opportunities 
fr Formal quarterly 
valuation and 
performance 
review 
Investment 
realisation 
fr Review cashflows 
from underlying 
funds 
fr Evaluate and 
execute 
realisations where 
we have discretion 
fr Pipeline 
fr Valuation model 
fr IC memo 
fr PSA and 
subscription 
documents 
fr Valuation memo 
fr Quarterly review 
fr IC memo 
fr Sale documents 
EFTA01397980
--- PAGE 182 ---
Deal origination and sourcing 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to purchase funds in exclusive or minimally 
competitive negotiated transactions 
through its own extensive network of industry relationships, which includes 
financial sponsors, Fund Sponsors, portfolio 
companies, intermediaries/placement agents, and investment banks. 
The Glendower SOF Team will seek to proactively identify private equity 
funds through a combination of top-down and 
bottom-up analysis. 
Top-down identification of assets: an extensive private equity database 
listing certain funds is maintained with recent 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Output 
Activities 
Step 
EFTA01397981
--- PAGE 183 ---
Greg Martin 
ection . Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
pricing that is expected to enable the Glendower SOF Team to pro-actively 
source these opportunities in the market and 
respond quickly to any potential seller. Top-down asset selection and 
approach utilizes the following principles: 
\Z Majority of value in identifiable, attractive assets. 
\Z Focus on quality assets. 
\Z Fund Sponsor/LP alignment of interest, e.g., fund is distributing, or is 
expected to distribute, carried interest. 
\Z Reasonable leverage at portfolio and underlying company levels. 
\Z Attractive "see through" entry multiple at today's pricing. 
Screening and due diligence 
The Manager proposes to implement an investment process that adopts a 
rigorous and disciplined value-focused, 
bottom-up due diligence69 
approach coupled with top-down asset selection to identify quality 
investment opportunities. 
The Manager intends to implement a rigorous, value-focused bottom-up due 
diligence focused on: 
Operational, financial and market risk analysis for each underlying 
portfolio company. 
Cash flow analysis at portfolio level. 
Review of fund and portfolio company management. 
\Z Analysis of the impact of terms and structure on net returns. 
\Z Critical assessment of the prospects for liquidity. 
As required, independent analysis on tax, legal and accounting issues, as 
well as other specialist external advice, where 
necessary, will support the investment decision process. In minority co-
investments, while leveraging the due diligence 
completed by the transaction's main lead investor, the Glendower SOF Team 
will perform its own due diligence in an 
attempt to verify the key assumptions underpinning the investment case. 
Investment decision and closing 
On successful completion of the due diligence process and negotiation of key 
terms, an investment memorandum will be 
presented to the Investment Committee (as described in Section 5: Fund 
Management of this Memorandum) to be 
considered for approval. The Investment Committee's role will include 
deciding, on the basis of information and advice 
arising from the investment evaluation process and the results of the full 
due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed investment. 
If approved by the Investment Committee, the next stage will involve the 
Glendower SOF Team completing the 
transaction on behalf of the Fund in accordance with the agreed terms. This 
process typically involves finalizing 
negotiations with sellers, signing a purchase and sale agreement, finalizing 
negotiations with any lenders to the 
transaction if required, and closing the acquisition directly or via 
EFTA01397982
--- PAGE 184 ---
intermediate investment vehicles, where appropriate. 
The Glendower SOF Team will also analyze the currency exposure of the 
portfolio being purchased and implement 
appropriate foreign exchange hedges. 
Monitoring and risk management 
After acquiring an investment for the Fund, and where considered by the 
Manager to be appropriate, the Glendower SOF 
Team will actively manage the investment including, for example, utilizing 
selective hedging to mitigate the potential 
impact of foreign exchange movements. 
To the extent information is available from the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397983
--- PAGE 185 ---
reg Martin 
Section 4. Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Ongoing deal management will usually rest with the Glendower SOF Team 
members who completed the investment. 
The Manager recognizes that relationship building is important and therefore 
believes in continuity of representation, but 
may change representation in certain circumstances, including if the 
investment under-performs as against its business 
plan. 
During the life of the investment, the Manager expects that the Glendower 
SOF Team will: 
.>Z Attend annual partnership meetings for underlying funds, participate in 
conference calls with Fund Sponsors and 
otherwise liaise with them.70 
\Z Review financial information to assess whether there are constraints on 
the capacity of the investee business or 
management to perform to the business plan. 
.>Z Monitor both industry and general market developments to assess whether 
there is any impact on each investee 
company. 
.>Z Form a view as to what actions, steps or remedial processes are necessary 
and work out how to influence key 
decision makers at the relevant underlying fund to take the necessary 
actions, steps or remedial processes. 
.>Z Prepare valuations and reviews for the Fund's quarterly valuation meeting 
and investor report. 
Z Regular monitoring of the Fund's investments: 
— weekly transaction review meetings — the Glendower SOF Team will monitor 
the Fund's portfolio, review 
significant developments in respect of its investments, monitor cash 
activity of the underlying funds (i.e., 
distributions and capital calls) and assess opportunities to potentially add 
value to an investment or exit an 
investment. 
— quarterly reviews — on a quarterly basis and in advance of the quarterly 
valuation meeting, the Glendower SOF 
Team will review the Fund's portfolio and discuss developments in the 
portfolio and valuation changes and 
agree valuations for the quarterly valuation meeting. 
\Z Review of foreign exchange hedging requirements. 
Investment realization 
In general, the Fund will realize its investment in an underlying fund as 
investments of the underlying fund are realized. 
However, the Manager expects that the Glendower SOF Team will review the 
marketplace on an ongoing basis to seek 
to identify pricing anomalies and opportunities to realize Fund investments 
in the secondary market. 
The Manager intends that any proposal to dispose of a Fund Secondary, a GP-
led Secondary or a Single Asset Deal will 
go through the due diligence, recommendation and approval stages as set 
EFTA01397984
--- PAGE 186 ---
forth above in respect of investment 
acquisitions. In particular, on successful completion of the due diligence 
process and negotiation of key terms, a 
divestment memorandum will be prepared by the Glendower SOF Team and 
presented to the Investment Committee for 
approval. 
The Investment Committee's role will include deciding, on the basis of 
information and advice arising from the divestment 
evaluation process and the due diligence process, whether the Fund should 
proceed with the proposed divestment. 
The extent of the Glendower SOF Team's interaction with Fund Sponsors, 
including by attending partnership meetings, will depend on the particular 
Fund Sponsor and the underlying fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397985
--- PAGE 187 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397986
--- PAGE 188 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397987
--- PAGE 189 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Management 
Glendower Capital 
Glendower Capital is an independent investment firm, privately owned by its 
partners and focused on secondary private 
markets formed by the secondary opportunities team that spun-out from 
Deutsche Asset Management on August 1, 
2017. The senior team led by Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith has 
worked together for 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
in its asset management division. The secondaries business, co-founded by 
Carlo and Charles in 2006, has raised and 
invested four vehicles (SOF, SOF D, SOF II, and SOF III) with US$3 billion 
of commitments in total. 
Glendower Capital has two office locations in London and New York, with a 23-
strong team expected to grow to 26-28 by 
the first half of 2018. The 16 investment professionals have an average of 
years of relevant experience. 
Glendower Capital operates according to the same sourcing, underwriting, 
portfolio management and fund administration 
processes that the SOF Team developed in a self-contained and integrated 
manner when it was established in 2006.71 
Glendower Capital leverages an extensive database and network of 
relationships developed over 15 years in the 
secondary market with investments in over 350 fund interests globally. 
Management of the Fund 
The General Partner of the Fund will be indirectly owned by the partners of 
Glendower Capital and its board of directors 
will be comprised of entirely independent directors. Brief biographies of 
the proposed directors of the General Partner 
are set out in Appendix 7: Board of Directors of the General Partner. 
SOF IV will be managed and operated by Glendower Capital from within the UK. 
Glendower Capital is authorized as an 
AIFM by the FCA and will act as the AIFM to SOF IV and assume responsibility 
as such. 
Investment Team 
The Glendower SOF Team is comprised of 16 investment professionals dedicated 
to originating, valuing and managing 
secondary investments. Five of the team members, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, Chi Cheung, Adam Graev and 
Francesco Rigamonti,72 have worked together since 2007 and together with 
Emilio Olmos, the Principal (Rikesh 
Mohandoss) and the five Vice Presidents can all act in a lead capacity on 
investments. 
Investment Committee 
An investment committee (the "Investment Committee") will be established in 
respect of the Fund to evaluate and 
approve investments for the Fund. The Investment Committee, in addition to 
other matters, will (i) evaluate the 
investment universe for the Fund, (ii) review detailed analysis of target 
EFTA01397988
--- PAGE 190 ---
investments, (iii) formulate strategies to acquire, 
divest or manage portfolio investments, and (iv) advise on the investment 
strategy of the Fund. The members of the 
Investment Committee will be Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Charles Smith, Adam Graev, 
Chi Cheung and Emilio Olmos, provided 
that Glendower Capital can change the composition and voting process of the 
Investment Committee at any time at its 
discretion. The quorum for the Investment Committee will be three, with 
decisions being made on a unanimous basis. 
Prospective investors should note that while at Deutsche Asset 
Management, the SOF Team were able to make use of platform personnel and 
resources in connection with the SOF Program that will not be available to 
the Glendower SOF Team in connection with the management and 
operation of SOF IV. 
Francesco Rigamonti will act as a senior advisor to Glendower Capital and 
is not a partner, officer or employee of Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397989
--- PAGE 191 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
From time to time, and as appropriate, the Manager may invite additional 
persons as observers to the Investment 
Committee. 
SOF IV Investment Committee Members 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli (52), Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer. 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Carlo spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. From 2003 to 
2006 he participated in the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's € 6 billion private equity portfolio. From 2012 
to 2016 Carlo served as the Global Head of 
DB Private Equity with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of funds, secondary 
funds and co-investments. Before 
Deutsche Bank, Carlo was the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of funds; 
an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting Group in New York and served as 
a junior officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is 
a qualified civil structural engineer (PEng). Carlo is a structural civil 
engineer by education and training and a qualified 
professional engineer. Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and 
an MSc in Civil Engineering from the 
University of Rome, Italy. 
Charles Smith (49), Managing Partner and Chief Investment Officer. Based in 
London, Charles is a Managing 
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of Glendower Capital. Prior to Glendower, 
Charles spent 25 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he co-founded and has led the SOF Business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF Business, from 2003 to 
2006, Charles was the Head of UK Corporate Investments, responsible for the 
restructuring and sale of Deutsche Bank's 
€6 billion proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, Charles was a 
Managing Director in the bank's M&A team 
based in London focused on originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and Management Studies from 
Cambridge University. He is a Chartered 
Management Accountant (ACMA). 
Adam Graev (44), Partner. Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Adam 
spent ten years at Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for the secondary 
private equity business in the Americas 
and led the implementation and management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led 
private equity secondary and co-investment deals at Pomona Capital. Before 
then, Adam led direct private equity 
investments in venture, growth equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an 
EFTA01397990
--- PAGE 192 ---
affiliate of Soros Fund Management. Adam began his career as a financial 
analyst in technology investment banking at 
Cowen & Co. Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Chi Cheung (40), Partner. Based in London, Chi is a Partner of Glendower 
Capital. Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 
years at Deutsche Bank where he was a founding member of the SOF Business in 
2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for the secondary private equity business in Europe and led the 
implementation and management of 
secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT and real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006 he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity portfolio. Previously, Chi 
completed a two-year apprenticeship with Deutsche 
Bank. Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge University. 
Emilio Olmos (42), Managing Director. Based in London, Emilio is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments in Southern Europe, the Middle East 
and Asia. Prior to Glendower, Emilio was 
a Portfolio Manager at ADIA, where he spent over five years focusing on 
secondary transactions. Previously, he was a 
Director in the UBS Secondary Advisory team. Prior to that, Emilio was a 
Vice President at Deutsche Bank in the SOF 
team, which he joined as an Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse in its 
investment banking division, and started his career as a Strategy Analyst at 
Lafarge. Emilio holds an MSc from HEC 
Paris and an MEng from the Polytechnic University of Madrid, Spain. 
Glendower Capital Professionals 
Deirdre Davies (43), Partner and Chief Operating Officer. Based in London, 
Deirdre is responsible for the operations 
of the Fund and the business. Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006 and was responsible for the operations 
(across legal, compliance and fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397991
--- PAGE 193 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
finance) and investor relations for the secondary private equity business. 
Previously, she was at KPMG in South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She 
is a Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Joshua Glaser (43), Partner. Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
leading the firm's client coverage and 
fundraising. Prior to Glendower, Joshua was a Managing Director at Deustche 
Asset Management where he served as 
Co-Head of Investment Specialists, Alternatives (Americas), responsible for 
managing the fundraising of alternative 
investment products. Before then, Joshua led fundraising and investor 
relations for Paul Capital, serving as Director of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, Joshua was a Director with Forum 
Capital, a boutique private equity placement 
group. Joshua began his career as a financial analyst in investment banking 
at CIBC Oppenheimer, and its predecessor, 
Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Francesco Rigamonti (46), Senior Advisor. Based in Milan, Francesco works 
with Glendower Capital on specific 
secondary and co-investment opportunities. Francesco spent 17 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF Business in 2006, and most recently, he was responsible 
for co-investments. Francesco joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2000 with responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6billion private equity portfolio. Previously he 
worked at Gallo & Co., an Italian merchant bank, 
where he focused on restructurings. Francesco holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School of Business 
and an MA in Business and Economics from the Catholic University of Milan, 
Italy. 
The senior team is supported by a team of associate to principal level 
professionals who are responsible for the analysis 
of transaction opportunities, supporting the senior professionals in the 
origination and execution of transactions and 
supporting the investment team in client relations, finance and operations. 
Rikesh Mohandoss (36), Principal. Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 
eight years at Deutsche Bank and most 
recently spent the past five years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North America 
for the SOF Business. Rikesh joined Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, Rikesh was an Assistant Vice 
President in Credit Risk Management at 
Bank of America and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at Federal Home 
Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie 
EFTA01397992
--- PAGE 194 ---
Mac) in 2003. Rikesh holds a BBA from The George Washington University and a 
MBA from Columbia Business School. 
Katherine Weaver (39), Principal, Funds CFO Based in New York, Katie is the 
Chief Financial Officer for Fund 
Finance. Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at Deutsche Bank in the 
SOF fund finance team, first as financial 
controller and then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Deutsche Bank, 
Katie was a controller at Brookfield Office 
Properties and a financial accountant at Trizec Properties. She began her 
career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin, Madison. 
Victoria Loidl (32), Vice President. Based in London, Victoria is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Victoria spent five years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2009 to 2012, 
Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Victoria 
graduated from the London School of Economics 
with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Devrup Banerjee (30), Vice President. Based in London, Devrup is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 
five years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the SOF 
Business. From 2008 to 2012, Devrup worked at 
Goldman Sachs as part of the Natural Resources team within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally 
on mergers & acquisitions and capital market transactions. Devrup graduated 
from the University of Oxford with an MA 
in Economics and Management in 2008. 
Aldrich Chan (31), Vice President. Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Aldrich spent four years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. He began his career at 
UBS Investment Bank's Global Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. Aldrich received his BS in Finance, 
summa cum laude, from New York University's Stern School of Business. He is 
currently an MBA candidate at the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397993
--- PAGE 195 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 5: Fund Management 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of Business. 
Philippe Ferneini (34), Vice President. Based in London, Philippe is 
responsible for the origination, valuation, 
execution and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining 
Glendower Capital, Philippe spent four years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF Business. He 
worked for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment banking Associate in 
the Global Industrials Group and for two years 
at Booz & Company as a Senior Consultant in the Financial Services Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the 
University of Chicago Booth School 
(Diplome d'Ingenieur) from Telecom 
ParisTech. 
Elena Smirnova (31), Vice President 
for the origination, valuation, execution 
and monitoring of secondary investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Elena spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management valuing, executing and monitoring secondary investments for the 
SOF Business. From 2012 to 2015 Elena 
worked in HSBC's Financial Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused on 
origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their Global Banking and Markets 
business. Elena graduated from the 
Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration 
with a first class degree in Business 
Administration and Management in 2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business 
School in London. 
Louise Schoeman (36), Vice President — Finance. Based in London, Louise is 
responsible for the set up and 
operations of the finance platform for 
in the set up and ongoing requirements 
for the compliance and risk management 
Glendower Capital, Louise was Finance 
Director for London's Air Ambulance, a 
with the SOF team previously from 2011 
2013 as a business manager, having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. Louise graduated from the University of Pretoria with a BCom 
(Hons) in Accounting Sciences in 2003, 
and qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 2007. 
Jonathan Roome (25), Associate. Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Jonathan spent two years at Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
transaction team in valuing, executing and 
of Business and a Master of Engineering 
. Based in London, Elena is responsible 
the management company structure and 
functions for the platform. Prior to 
registered charity. Louise worked 
to 
EFTA01397994
--- PAGE 196 ---
monitoring secondary investments for the SOF Business. Jonathan graduated 
from the London School of Economics 
and Political Sciences with a Bachelor of Science in Economics in 2015, 
having achieved first class honors. 
Douglas O'Connell (24), Associate. Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of 
investments. Prior to joining Glendower Capital, 
Doug worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The Carlyle Group, and 
spent two years at Deutsche Asset 
Management supporting the hedge fund secondary transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business with a Bachelor of Science in 
Finance, having achieved University Honors. 
Rafael Enriquez-Hesles (24), Associate. Based in New York, Rafael supports 
the transaction team across all 
secondary investment related functions, including evaluation and monitoring 
of investments. Prior to joining Glendower 
Capital, Rafael spent three years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers & 
acquisitions and capital market transactions globally. Rafael graduated from 
Bucknell University with a Bachelor of 
Science in Civil Engineering and a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Sheldon Lee (26), Analyst. Based in London, Sheldon supports the transaction 
team across all secondary investment 
related functions, including evaluation and monitoring of investments. Prior 
to Glendower, Sheldon spent two years at 
Citibank in Corporate and Investment Banking. Sheldon holds a MSc in 
Industrial Management from KTH Institute of 
Technology, and holds a BSc in Industrial Engineering from Ecole Nationale 
Superieure des Mines de Nancy. 
In addition to the existing team it is expected that the following team 
members will be recruited over the coming six 
months: Investment Team Associate, London; Tax Vice President, New York; and 
a Fund Controller Associate, New 
York. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397995
--- PAGE 197 ---
G
reg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397996
--- PAGE 198 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Summary of Terms and Conditions 
The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Fund. This summary 
is qualified in its entirety by reference to 
the Fund Partnership Agreement and the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests, both of which are 
available upon request and should be reviewed carefully prior to making an 
investment decision. The offer made hereby 
is subject to modification, prior sale and withdrawal. To the extent that 
there is any inconsistency between this 
Memorandum and the Fund Documents, the provisions of the Fund Documents will 
prevail. 
******** 
The Fund 
Investment Objective 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP, an English private 
fund limited 
partnership. 
The Fund will seek to generate attractive risk adjusted investment returns, 
principally in the 
form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding, financing, 
refinancing and 
disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, growth 
capital, venture 
capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, distressed 
opportunities, real estate and 
infrastructure assets on the secondary market. The Fund will target 
globally, but primarily in 
the U.S. and Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established 
generalist and specialist 
private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder funds and 
other similar 
structures) primarily on the secondary market (each such fund or structure, 
a "Fund 
Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of investment interests in private equity 
fund structures or 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market through bespoke 
liquidity solutions 
(each such investment interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) co 
investments in individual 
portfolio companies alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such co-
investment, a 
"Single Asset Deal"). Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset 
Deals may 
be made in vehicles established in any jurisdiction. The Manager expects 
that the majority of 
the Fund's portfolio investments, by committed capital, will be held for at 
least four years. 
The General Partner 
EFTA01397997
--- PAGE 199 ---
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company, will serve as a general partner of 
the Fund (the 
"General Partner"). The General Partner, on behalf of the Fund, will appoint 
the Manager to 
manage the Fund's investment strategy, as described below. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (the 
"Second GP"), will also serve as a general partner of the Fund but, in 
accordance with the 
Fund Documents, will have no authority to manage, operate or administer the 
business or 
affairs of the Fund other than as may be required by law. 
The Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership (the 
"Manager") is authorized 
and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority (including under 
the EU 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (the "AIFMD") and its 
implementing 
legislation in the UK) will provide portfolio management, risk management 
and administrative 
services to the Fund, including investigating, analyzing, structuring and 
negotiating potential 
investments, monitoring the performance of portfolio investments and 
advising the Fund as to 
disposition opportunities. The Manager will make all investment and 
disposition decisions. 
The Manager will be the Fund's "AIFM" (as defined in the AIFMD) and will 
assume 
responsibility as such. 
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, the Manager, to the exclusion 
of the General 
Partner and the Second GP, will take all actions in respect of the Fund that 
constitute 
regulated activities for the purposes of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000. 
The General Partner will be responsible for the Manager's fees which it will 
satisfy from the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01397998
--- PAGE 200 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion : Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
General Partner's Share. 
The Adviser 
The Manager will appoint its affiliate, Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
("Glendower U.S."), to 
provide investment advice to the Manager in connection with the investment 
management of 
the Fund. 
The Manager will be responsible for Glendower U.S.'s fees pursuant to a sub-
advisory 
agreement. 
Commitments 
The Fund is seeking aggregate commitments to the Fund ("Commitments") of 
US$1.75 billion, although the General Partner may accept aggregate 
Commitments less than, 
or in excess of, this amount, provided that aggregate Commitments do not 
exceed 
US$2.5 billion (not including the Team Investment (as defined below)). 
In order to subscribe for an Interest, a prospective Limited Partner must 
execute a deed of 
adherence and provide documentation to the General Partner in order to 
satisfy its "customer 
due diligence" obligations. The General Partner may accept or reject a 
subscription for an 
Interest. 
Minimum Commitment The minimum Commitment for a limited partner of the Fund 
(collectively, the "Limited 
Partners" and, together with the General Partner and the Second GP, the 
"Partners") is 
US$5 million, although the General Partner may accept Commitments of lesser 
amounts. 
Each Limited Partner will make a capital contribution to the Fund equal to 
0.01% of its 
Commitment. The remaining 99.99% of its Commitment may be drawn down by the 
Manager 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund (each, an "Advance"). 
Glendower Capital 
Investment 
Certain individuals that are partners or employees of the Manager and 
Glendower U.S. will 
invest in the Fund (the "Team Investment") indirectly through the Special 
Limited Partner (as 
defined below). The Team Investment will be equal to, at least, 1% of the 
aggregate 
Commitments. 
Closings 
The General Partner will hold an initial closing of the Fund (the "First 
Closing") as soon as 
practicable. From time to time after the First Closing one or more 
EFTA01397999
--- PAGE 201 ---
additional closings may be 
held as necessary to admit additional Limited Partners (each, and the First 
Closing, a 
"Closing"). The final Closing of the Fund is to take place no later than 15 
months after the 
First Closing (the "Final Admission Date"), provided that, if on the 15 
month anniversary of 
the First Closing, aggregate Commitments and commitments to any Parallel 
Fund (as defined 
below) are: (i) less than US$1.75 billion then the Final Admission Date 
shall be automatically 
extended to the 18 month anniversary of the First Closing or (ii) US$1.75 
billion or more then 
the General Partner may extend the Final Admission Date with the consent of 
the Fund 
Advisory Committee (as defined below). 
Subsequent Closing 
Partners 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund subsequent to the First Closing (each 
a "Subsequent 
Closing Partner") generally will participate in the investments, if any, 
made by the Fund prior 
to their admission. Each Subsequent Closing Partner will generally 
contribute to the Fund an 
amount equal to its proportionate share of all funded Commitments of the 
Partners admitted 
in prior Closings, plus an additional amount computed as interest thereon at 
the higher of the 
preferred return rate of 8% and three-month USD LIBOR plus 2% from the date 
of each 
applicable funding, with such appropriate adjustments as may be necessary to 
take into 
account distributions made to Partners admitted in prior Closings. 
Drawdowns 
Advances will be drawn down on an as needed basis to make investments and to 
pay the 
General Partner's Share and Fund liabilities and expenses at any time, 
generally upon 
business days' prior written notice. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398000
--- PAGE 202 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The Fund's investment period will commence on the date of the First Closing, 
and will expire 
at the end of the calendar quarter in which the earliest of the following 
occurs (the 
"Investment Period"): 
(i) 
the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, 
and 
(ii) 
four years from the Final Admission Date. 
The Fund may draw down Commitments to make investments at any time during the 
Investment Period (subject to any suspension of the Investment Period 
following a key 
person event (as described below)) After the end of the Investment Period, 
the Fund will not 
make new portfolio investments, but may (a) fund existing obligations to 
make contributions 
or advances in respect of any investment, (b) complete investments that were 
in process as 
of the end of the Investment Period, (c) fund follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, Single Asset Deals or GP-led Secondaries, in an aggregate 
amount not to 
exceed 20% of aggregate Commitments, and (d) continue to draw down 
Commitments to pay 
liabilities and ongoing operating expenses, including the General Partner's 
Share. 
Reinvestment 
The following amounts will be added back to unfunded Commitments and may be 
drawn 
down again by the Fund: (i) distributions from any portfolio investment 
received by the Fund 
within twenty-four months of the date on which such investment was made, but 
only to the 
extent of capital invested by the Fund in such investment; (ii) following 
the termination of the 
Investment Period and subject to the limitations described in "Investment 
Period" above, an 
amount equal to any and all distributions made to the Partners, but only for 
the purpose of 
funding any obligation of the Fund and any follow-on investments with 
respect to existing 
Fund Secondaries, GP-led Secondaries and Single Asset Deals; and (iii) 
distributions made 
EFTA01398001
--- PAGE 203 ---
to the Partners to the extent of funded Advances used to fund drawings of 
the General 
Partner's Share (as defined below) or pay organizational expenses or Fund 
expenses. 
Key Person Event 
The Fund's initial key persons will be Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Adam Graev and Chi 
Cheung (with such persons, and any replacement key persons, being the "Key 
Persons"). 
The General Partner may, from time to time, nominate one or more qualified 
replacements for 
such Key Persons. Such a nominated qualified replacement will become a Key 
Person with 
the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee. 
The Investment Period will be automatically suspended if (i) either Charles 
Smith or Carlo 
Pirzio-Biroli and (ii) any other Key Person cease to devote substantially 
all their business time 
to the affairs of the Fund, any co-investment fund, Parallel Fund (as 
defined below) or 
Alternative Vehicle (as defined below), the SOF Program, any Complementary 
Fund (as 
defined below), any successor fund and Glendower (the "Permitted 
Activities"). The 
Investment Period may be reinstated (a) at any time with the consent of 664j% 
in interest of 
the Limited Partners, or (b) if the requisite number of qualified 
replacements for the Key 
Persons are approved within 120 days of the Investment Period being 
suspended. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Investment Period will also be 
automatically suspended if 
both of Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith cease to devote substantially 
all of their 
business time to the Permitted Activities. Following such a suspension, the 
Investment 
Period may be reinstated at any time with the consent of 66ges in interest of 
the Limited 
Partners. 
If the Investment Period is suspended due to either of the circumstances 
described above, it 
will terminate automatically if not reinstated after 12 months. 
Diversification 
Absent the consent of the Fund Advisory Committee (i) no more than 5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any individual Single Asset Deal, (ii) 
no more than 20% of 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398002
--- PAGE 204 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the Investment Restriction Base will be invested in any single Fund 
Secondary or GP-led 
Secondary, (iii) no more than 20% of the Investment Restriction Base 
invested in Single 
Asset Deals will be made on a primary basis, (iv) no more than 12.5% of the 
Investment 
Restriction Base will be invested in any blind pool investment fund on a 
primary basis or 
where less than 50% of aggregate capital commitments of such fund have been 
drawn down, 
and (v) no more than 10% of the Investment Restriction Base will be invested 
in any portfolio 
investments with a focus on real estate investments. 
"Investment Restriction Base" means (a) prior to the Final Admission Date, 
an amount 
equal to the greater of (i) US$1.75 billion and (ii) the aggregate 
Commitments accepted as at 
the date of determination and (b) following the Final Admission Date, an 
amount equal to the 
aggregate Commitments. 
Indebtedness 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to facilitate the closing 
of an investment in 
advance of a drawdown. The Manager generally expects such borrowings to be 
outstanding 
for less than 180 days. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, is also 
expected to borrow on a short-term basis in order to fund the payment of the 
Fund's 
expenses or the General Partner's Share in advance of a drawdown. The 
Manager generally 
expects to repay such borrowings from drawdowns or distributions from 
investments. 
The Fund, either directly or through intermediate holding vehicles under its 
control, may also 
borrow on a long-term basis to create leveraged capital structures in 
portfolio investments 
with appropriate cash flow characteristics. The Fund will not borrow for 
such purpose 
amounts that in aggregate exceed 25% of the aggregate Commitments. 
The Fund may also make use of leverage in connection with hedging 
arrangements 
(including the use of FX forwards and swaps). 
Assets of the Fund may be posted as collateral against such borrowings 
including its 
EFTA01398003
--- PAGE 205 ---
investments, and by pledges of unfunded Commitments. Such borrowings may be 
incurred 
on a portfolio-wide basis or against specific securities and may be secured 
by drawdowns of 
Commitments. 
Hedging 
The Fund may engage in hedging transactions, such as hedging for currency, 
interest rate 
and equity market risks. Hedging techniques could involve a variety of 
derivative transactions, 
including transactions in forward contracts and swaps. 
General Partner's 
Share 
The Fund will allocate to the General Partner and the Second GP a profit 
share (the "General 
Partner's Share"). Advances will be made against the General Partner's Share 
quarterly 
from drawdowns of the Limited Partners' unfunded Commitments or from other 
proceeds 
received by the Fund. 
For each Limited Partner (other than a Feeder Fund (as defined below)) and 
each investor in 
a Feeder Fund: 
(i) during the Investment Period, 1.25% per annum (reduced by the Applicable 
Points) of 
(a) the Commitment of such Limited Partner or (b) the commitment (or 
equivalent) of 
such Feeder Fund investor; 
(ii) 
for the two years following the expiration of the Investment Period, 1.00% 
per annum 
(reduced by the Applicable Points) of the aggregate, as of the end of the 
Investment 
Period, of such Limited Partner's or such Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn 
down 
Commitment (or equivalent), that is, at the date of determination, invested 
in portfolio 
investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment (or equivalent) that the Manager has 
reasonably reserved for portfolio investments (a Limited Partner's or an 
investor in a 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398004
--- PAGE 206 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund's "Invested Capital"); and 
(iii) for each successive year thereafter, until the last day of the term 
(including any 
extension thereof), the lesser of (a) 90% of the General Partner's Share 
attributable to 
each Limited Partner or such Feeder Fund investor, for the immediately 
preceding year 
(but not less than 0.25% of the Invested Capital of such Limited Partner), 
and (b) 1.25% 
per annum (as reduced by the Applicable Points) calculated with respect to 
each 
Limited Partner's pro rata share (based on the Invested Capital of the 
Fund's most 
recently reported net asset value). 
The General Partner's Share in respect of each Legacy Investor shall be 
equal to the general 
partner's share attributable to such Legacy Investor in respect of its 
commitment to SOF III. 
Neither the General Partner nor the Second GP will receive any General 
Partner's Share with 
respect to the Special Limited Partner. 
The General Partner's Share is subject to reduction as provided below in 
"Transaction, Break 
Up and Other Fees." 
"Applicable Points" means with respect to (a) a Limited Partner (other than 
a Feeder Fund) 
and its Commitment or (b) an investor in a Feeder Fund and its commitment 
(or equivalent) to 
such Feeder Fund: (i) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is less than 
US$50 million, zero 
basis points, (ii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$50 million or 
more but less than 
US$100 million, five basis points, (iii) for a Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$100 million 
or more but less than US$150 million, ten basis points, (iv) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) 
that is US$150 million or more but less than US$200 million, 15 basis 
points, and (v) for a 
Commitment (or equivalent) that is US$200 million or more, 20 basis points. 
"Legacy Investor" means (i) each Limited Partner that made a direct 
commitment to SOF III 
and makes a Commitment (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the First Closing 
or (ii), at the 
discretion of the Manager, a Limited Partner that made a direct commitment 
to SOF III and 
makes a Commitment to the Fund (or commitment to a Feeder Fund) at the 
Closing 
immediately following the First Closing, provided that such following 
EFTA01398005
--- PAGE 207 ---
Closing occurs on or 
before 31 May 2018. 
Distributions 
Net proceeds attributable to the disposition of a portfolio investment, 
distributions in kind of 
securities, and any dividends, interest or other income received with 
respect to a portfolio 
investment will be distributed to all Partners participating in such 
portfolio investment and 
other income received by the Fund will be distributed to all Partners. Each 
Partner's 
proportionate share thereof generally will be distributed as follows: 
(i) 
First, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner equal the 
sum of the Advances of such Partner as of that time; 
(ii) Second, 100% to such Partner until the cumulative distributions to such 
Partner are 
sufficient to provide such Partner with an 8% annualized effective internal 
rate of return 
on the Advances of such Partner; 
(iii) Third, 100% to the special limited partner of the Fund (the "Special 
Limited Partner") 
until the Special Limited Partner has received, in respect of such Partner, 
12.5% of the 
excess of (i) the cumulative distributions made to such Partner and to the 
Special 
Limited Partner in respect of such Partner over (ii) the Advances of such 
Partner; and 
(iv) Thereafter, 87.5% to such Partner and 12.5% to the Special Limited 
Partner. 
"Carried Interest" means the amounts distributed to the Special Limited 
Partner pursuant to 
clauses (iii) and (iv) above. 
Distributions prior to the dissolution of the Fund will be made in cash or 
marketable securities. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398006
--- PAGE 208 ---
Greg Martin 
ection : Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Upon dissolution of the Fund, distributions may also include restricted 
securities or other 
assets of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may make tax distributions to the 
Partners in respect 
of gain and other income from portfolio investments in accordance with the 
manner in which 
such gain and other income is allocated to the Partners. 
Distributions to the General Partner and the Special Limited Partner will 
not be subject to 
Carried Interest. 
Special Limited 
Partner Clawback 
Upon termination of the Fund, the Special Limited Partner will be required 
to return to the 
Fund distributions of Carried Interest previously received to the extent 
that they exceed the 
amounts that should have been distributed to the Special Limited Partner as 
Carried Interest 
(as described in "Distributions" above) applied on an aggregate basis 
covering all 
transactions of the Fund. In no event, however, will the Special Limited 
Partner be required 
to return more than the cumulative Carried Interest distributions received 
by the Special 
Limited Partner, net of amounts in respect of taxes thereon. 
Organizational 
Expenses 
The Fund will bear all legal and other expenses incurred in the formation of 
the Fund and the 
offering of the Interests therein (other than any placement fees), up to an 
aggregate amount 
not to exceed US$2,500,000, plus amounts in respect of applicable value 
added tax. 
Organizational expenses in excess of this amount, and any placement fees, 
will be paid by 
the Fund but borne by the General Partner through a 100% offset against the 
General 
Partner's Share. 
Operating and 
Other Expenses 
Each of the Manager, the General Partner and the Second GP will pay all 
normal operating 
expenses incidental to the provision of its day-to-day services to the Fund, 
including its own 
overheads. The Fund will pay all costs, expenses and liabilities in 
connection with its 
operations, including: fees, costs and expenses of third parties, including 
EFTA01398007
--- PAGE 209 ---
without limitation 
tax advisors and counsel, related to the purchase, structuring, holding and 
sale of portfolio 
investments (to the extent not reimbursed); expenses incurred in connection 
with transactions 
not consummated; insurance premiums; taxes; fees and expenses of 
accountants, counsel, 
administrators, depositaries, appraisers and consultants, including tax 
filings and accounts; 
costs and expenses of the Fund Advisory Committee and the annual meeting; 
litigation 
expenses and other extraordinary expenses. 
Any costs incurred in relation to transactions which are not completed will 
be borne by the 
Fund. The Manager may in its sole discretion structure a co-investment 
opportunity such that 
the proposed participants in such co-investment opportunity do not bear any 
broken deal 
expenses, with the result that the Fund will bear all such broken deal 
expenses; provided, if 
so structured, such participants will not be entitled to receive any break-
up or similar fee 
income, if any, that may be earned with respect to such transaction. 
Transaction, Break-Up 
and Other Fees 
In connection with any portfolio investment, the Manager and its affiliates 
may charge 
portfolio companies directors' fees, transaction fees, monitoring fees, 
advisory fees, break-up 
fees and other similar investment-related fees for services provided by the 
members of the 
secondary investment team of the Manager. 100% of all such fees, net of any 
related 
expenses, amounts in respect of VAT or unreimbursed expenses incurred by the 
Manager or 
its affiliates in connection with unconsummated transactions, will be 
applied to reduce the 
General Partner's Share otherwise payable. All such fees will be allocated 
among the Fund 
and any related co-investing entities on the basis of capital committed by 
each to the relevant 
investment. General Partner's Share reductions will be carried forward if 
necessary. 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The Fund will establish an advisory committee consisting of at least three 
voting members 
appointed by the Manager (the "Fund Advisory Committee"). Each voting member 
of the 
Fund Advisory Committee shall be a representative of a Limited Partner or an 
investor in any 
EFTA01398008
--- PAGE 210 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398009
--- PAGE 211 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Feeder Fund or Parallel Fund (other than any Limited Partner or investor 
affiliated with the 
General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager). Feeder Funds and Parallel 
Funds will not 
have separate advisory committees. The Manager shall have the right to 
appoint one or 
more representatives of the Manager to serve as non-voting members, and as 
the chairman, 
of the Fund Advisory Committee. The Fund Advisory Committee will meet at 
least annually 
following the Final Admission Date, 
the discretion of the 
Manager, and as required to consult 
conflicts of interest and 
certain other matters. The Fund will 
members for 
their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. 
Successor Funds 
Without the consent of 66?1% in interest of the Limited Partners, none of the 
General Partner, 
the Second GP, Glendower Capital, LLP or any affiliate of Glendower Capital, 
LLP will close 
another multiple third party investor fund having a substantially similar 
investment objective 
and strategy as the Fund until the earlier of: 
(i) the date when 75% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, committed 
or 
reserved for investment or allocated or reserved to meet the obligations of 
the Fund; 
(ii) the end of the Investment Period; or 
(iii) the termination of the Fund. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Glendower Capital, LLP or any of its 
Affiliates may, at any 
time, close other multiple 
objectives and strategies 
that overlap with the Fund 
opportunities relating to 
specific asset categories 
Allocation of 
Investment 
Opportunities 
Subject to the "Successor 
and its affiliates 
may sponsor or advise various investment 
Funds, and 
separate accounts (together with the Fund, 
of which may 
have overlapping investment strategies and 
or before the Final Admission Date at 
with the Manager as to potential 
reimburse the Fund Advisory Committee 
third party investor funds with investment 
but are dedicated to pursuing investment 
or strategies (each, a "Complementary Fund"). 
Funds" restrictions described above, the Manager 
vehicles, including Complementary 
the "Investment Platforms"), some 
investment committee members with 
EFTA01398010
--- PAGE 212 ---
those of the 
Fund. The Manager will allocate investment opportunities among the 
Investment Platforms 
on an equitable basis in its good faith discretion and in accordance with 
its internal 
investment allocation guidelines. These are based on the applicable 
investment guidelines of 
such Investment Platforms, portfolio diversification requirements, 
regulatory requirements and 
other appropriate factors. 
Transfers and 
Withdrawals 
Reporting, Valuations 
and Annual Meeting 
Limited Partners generally may not sell, assign, transfer or pledge their 
Interests except as 
permitted by the Fund Partnership Agreement which will require, 
consent of the Manager. Limited Partners generally may not withdraw from the 
Fund. 
Limited Partners will receive audited annual accounts (also comprising a 
Manager's report 
and such disclosures as are required by the AIFMD) prepared in accordance 
with U.S. GAAP 
or International Financial Reporting Standards as well as unaudited 
quarterly financial 
statements (in respect of the second and third quarters of each fiscal year 
only) and 
unaudited quarterly capital accounts. Limited Partners will also receive 
such periodic 
disclosures as are required in accordance with the AIFMD (including changes 
to leverage, 
liquidity and risk management provisions). 
The Fund will hold annual meetings to provide Limited Partners with the 
opportunity to review 
and discuss with the Manager and its employees the Fund's investment 
activities and 
portfolio. 
Disclosure of changes 
to the leverage 
provisions 
Limited Partners will receive unaudited quarterly financial reports 
regarding the Fund which 
will include the amount of leverage that has been utilized by the Fund 
Any amendments to the leverage provisions of the Fund will require an 
amendment to the 
Fund Partnership Agreement. See "Amendments to Fund Partnership Agreement" 
below for 
inter alia, the prior written 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398011
--- PAGE 213 ---
G
reg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
further details. 
Co-investment 
Alternative Vehicles 
The Manager may offer co-investment opportunities to any Limited Partner in 
its sole 
discretion. 
The Manager will have the right in connection with any investment to direct 
the Advances of 
some or all of the Limited Partners to be made through one or more 
alternative investment 
vehicles (each, an "Alternative Vehicle") if, in the judgment of the 
Manager, the use of such 
vehicle or vehicles represents an appropriate structure for the Fund and 
would facilitate 
participation in certain types of investments. Any Alternative Vehicle 
generally will be 
governed by terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the Fund 
(except as may 
be advisable because of such legal, regulatory or tax constraints) and will 
be managed by the 
General Partner, the Manager or an affiliate thereof. The profits and losses 
of an Alternative 
Vehicle generally will be aggregated with those of the Fund for purposes of 
determining 
distributions by the Fund and such Alternative Vehicle, unless the General 
Partner or the 
Manager elects otherwise in its sole discretion based on a determination 
that such 
aggregation could increase the risk of any adverse tax or other consequences. 
Parallel Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more parallel funds 
(each a 
"Parallel Fund") to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. Any 
Parallel Fund documentation will contain terms and conditions substantially 
similar to those of 
the Fund and will be managed by the General Partner, the Manager or an 
affiliate thereof. 
Any Parallel Fund will be responsible for its pro rata share of expenses. 
Feeder Funds 
The General Partner or the Manager may establish one or more feeder funds 
which will 
invest in the Fund or a Parallel Fund (each, a "Feeder Fund") to accommodate 
the 
investment requirements of certain investors. In certain respects, investors 
in a Feeder Fund 
will be treated as having invested directly in the Fund or the relevant 
Parallel Fund, as the 
EFTA01398012
--- PAGE 214 ---
case may be. 
Side Letters 
The General Partner or the Manager, without any further act, approval or 
vote of any Partner, 
may enter into side letters or other written agreements with one or more 
Limited Partners 
which have the effect of establishing additional rights (including, for 
example, reducing the 
General Partner's Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or 
altering or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement (each, a "Side 
Letter"). A Side 
Letter may include additional rights that are, or alter or supplement the 
terms of the Fund 
Partnership Agreement in a manner that is, more favorable to the recipient 
than those offered 
to any other Limited Partner, including with respect to (i) economic 
arrangements (including 
alternative fee or other compensation arrangements), (ii) opting out of 
particular investments, 
(iii) reporting obligations of the Fund, (iv) transfer to affiliates, (v) co-
investment opportunities, 
(vi) withdrawal events, (vii) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
amendments, (viii) indemnification arrangements, (ix) dispute resolution 
processes, or (x) any 
other matters described therein. If a Side Letter is entered into entitling 
a Limited Partner to 
opt out of a particular investment or withdraw from the Fund, any election 
to opt out or 
withdraw by such Limited Partner may increase each other Limited Partner's 
pro rata interest 
in that particular investment (in the case of an opt-out) or all future 
investments (in the case of 
a withdrawal), which may have an adverse effect on such Limited Partner's 
investment 
results. 
Any additional rights established, or any terms of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement altered or 
supplemented, in a Side Letter with a Limited Partner will govern solely 
with respect to such 
Limited Partner (but not any of such Limited Partner's assignees or 
transferees unless so 
specified in such side letter or otherwise agreed by the Manager) 
notwithstanding any other 
provision of the Fund Partnership Agreement. Any additional rights 
established, or any terms 
of the Fund Partnership Agreement altered or supplemented, in a Side Letter 
with a Limited 
Partner may generally be elected by any other Limited Partner having a 
Commitment equal to 
EFTA01398013
--- PAGE 215 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398014
--- PAGE 216 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
or greater than the Commitment of the Limited Partner to which such Side 
Letter was 
provided. Such election, however, will only be made after the Final 
Admission Date. 
Indemnification 
None of the General Partner, the Manager, the Second GP, their respective 
affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory Committee members or the directors, officers, partners, 
members, employees 
or agents of any of them (each a "Covered Person") will be liable to the 
Fund or the Limited 
Partners for any good faith act or omission relating to the Fund, except for 
(i) any such act or 
omission constituting an uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, 
conviction of a felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross 
negligence, fraud, willful 
misconduct or reckless disregard of duties by such Covered Person, or (ii) 
any claim or 
proceeding commenced by a Limited Partner against the Manager for any 
misrepresentation 
in the Fund's marketing information (including information, advice, 
materials, documents and 
this Memorandum communicated by the Manager or a person on behalf of, and as 
approved 
by, the Manager, where such misrepresentation has had a direct material 
adverse impact on 
such Limited Partner, in each case as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
The Fund will indemnify each Covered Person against all claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs 
and expenses, including legal fees, to which such Covered Person may be or 
become subject 
by reason of their activities on behalf of the Fund, or otherwise relating 
to the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, except to the extent that such claims, damages, 
liabilities, costs or 
expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have 
resulted from such 
person's own uncured material violation of the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
conviction of a 
felony, willful violation of law, bad faith, gross negligence, fraud, 
willful misconduct or reckless 
disregard of duties. 
For Cause Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed by a majority in interest of the Limited 
Partners where 
EFTA01398015
--- PAGE 217 ---
it has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction that the 
General Partner, 
the Manager or the Second GP has engaged in certain removal conduct. The 
Manager and 
Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of the General 
Partner. 
No Fault Removal of 
the General Partner 
The General Partner may be removed at any time following the second 
anniversary of the 
Final Admission Date, with the written consent of 66% in interest of the 
Limited Partners. 
The Manager and Second GP will automatically be removed upon the removal of 
the General 
Partner. 
The General Partner will, on the date of its removal, receive an amount 
equal to the General 
Partner's Share received by the General Partner in the eight calendar 
quarters immediately 
preceding the General Partner's removal. 
Amendments to Fund 
Partnership 
Agreement 
Subject to certain exceptions as more fully described in the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, the 
Fund Partnership Agreement (including the Fund's investment strategy or 
investment policy) 
may generally only be amended with the written consent of a majority in 
interest of the 
Limited Partners and the General Partner, provided that where such amendment 
would 
materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such 
Limited Partner vis-a-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the 
Commitment of a Limited 
Partner, the consent of the affected Limited Partner will also be required. 
The General 
Partner will notify the Limited Partners within a reasonable period of time 
following any 
material amendments 
Default 
A Limited Partner that defaults in respect of its obligation to make 
Advances or other 
contributions to the Fund will be subject to customary default provisions, 
including forfeiture of 
a substantial portion of its Interest, and payment of interest on the 
defaulted amount at a rate 
equal to the higher of (i) three-month USD LIBOR plus 2%, and (ii) 8%. 
Term 
The term of the Fund will be 7 years from the Final Admission Date, subject 
to the term being 
EFTA01398016
--- PAGE 218 ---
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398017
--- PAGE 219 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
extended (i) by the Manager for up to three successive periods of one-year 
each, and 
(ii) thereafter, by the Manager, with the consent of the Fund Advisory 
Committee, for up to 
two additional successive periods of one-year each. 
Currency 
Tax Considerations 
The Fund will be denominated in U.S. dollars. 
For UK tax purposes, the Fund should be treated as tax transparent and 
should not, 
therefore, be separately taxable. Each UK investor 
its own share of 
income, gain, losses, deductions and 
The Manager intends that the Fund be 
federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund 
federal income tax, 
and each Partner subject to U.S tax 
computing its U.S. federal 
income tax liability its allocable 
deduction and credit 
of the Fund, regardless of whether 
by the Fund to 
such Partner. 
It is expected that annual U.S. federal tax information from portfolio 
investments will not be received in sufficient time to permit the Fund to 
incorporate such 
information into its annual U.S. federal tax information and to distribute 
such information to its 
investors prior to when their tax return reporting obligations become due. 
As a result, 
investors will likely be required to obtain extensions for filing U.S. 
federal, state and local 
income tax returns each year. 
The taxation of partners and partnerships is extremely complex. Prospective 
investors, in particular prospective non-U.S. and U.S. tax-exempt investors, 
are 
strongly urged to consult their own tax advisers concerning the tax 
consequences in 
light of their particular circumstances of making an investment in the Fund. 
ERISA Considerations Investment in the Fund is generally open to 
institutions, including pension plans, subject to 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
("ERISA"). The 
General Partner will use its reasonable best efforts to conduct the affairs 
and operations of 
the Fund so as to limit investment in the Fund by "benefit plan 
investors" (within the meaning 
will be liable for tax on 
tax credits of the Fund. 
treated as a partnership for U.S. 
generally will not be subject to U.S. 
will be required to include in 
share of the items of income, gain, loss, 
and to what extent distributions are made 
EFTA01398018
--- PAGE 220 ---
of Department of Labor regulations as modified by section 3(42) of ERISA) to 
less than 25% 
of each class of equity interests in the Fund. 
Each prospective investor subject to ERISA is urged to consult its own 
advisers as to 
the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in the Fund. 
Risk Factors and 
Potential Conflicts of 
Interest 
Special Counsel to the 
General Partner and 
the Manager 
An investment in the Fund involves significant risks and potential conflicts 
of interest. 
Each prospective investor should carefully consider and evaluate such risks 
and 
conflicts prior to purchasing an Interest. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP. 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP is retained as English and U.S. counsel by the 
General Partner 
and the Manager in connection with the Fund. To the fullest extent permitted 
by law, it does 
not represent or owe any duty to any Limited Partner or the Limited Partners 
as a group in 
connection with such retention. 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, KPMG or Ernst & 
Young 
LLP. 
The auditors will be retained by the General Partner in connection with the 
Fund. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, they do not represent or owe any duty to 
any Limited Partner 
or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with such retention. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398019
--- PAGE 221 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited, an AIFMD-compliant depositary, will 
be appointed by 
the Fund prior to the First Closing. The First Closing will not occur prior 
to the date on which 
such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the Fund's 
depositary and 
fund administrator. 
Global Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398020
--- PAGE 222 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398021
--- PAGE 223 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398022
--- PAGE 224 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Risk Factors 
An investment in the Fund involves a substantial degree of risk and should 
be considered only by Investors whose 
financial resources are sufficient to enable them to assume such risk (and 
the possible loss of some or all of their 
investment) and who have no immediate need for liquidity in their 
investment. Investors should carefully evaluate the 
following risk factors associated with an investment in the Fund. Past 
performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as 
an indication of the performance of the Fund. Investors should make their 
own assessment of the risks and rewards of 
an investment in the Fund. 
Part A — Risks Related to an Investment in Secondary Private Equity 
Pooled investments in secondaries 
In many cases, the Manager expects that the Fund will have the opportunity 
to acquire a portfolio of investment funds or 
direct investments from a seller on an "all or nothing" basis. Certain of 
the investment funds or direct investments in the 
portfolio may be less attractive than others, and certain of the sponsors of 
such investment funds (or in some cases, the 
controlling investors in the portfolio companies) may be more familiar to 
the Manager than others, or may be more 
experienced or highly regarded than others. In such cases, it may not be 
possible for the Fund to carve out from such 
purchases those investments which the Fund considers (for commercial, tax, 
legal or other reasons) to be less attractive. 
Complex nature of due diligence and valuation process for GP-led Secondaries 
In traditional secondaries investments, secondaries investors typically 
provide liquidity to primary investors in private 
equity funds, and secondaries investors are able to rely on conducting due 
diligence on financial statements and periodic 
company updates originated by a common investment manager. By contrast, 
because many portfolios of direct 
investments being targeted by the Fund may be collections of the private 
equity assets of a seller other than private 
equity funds managed by a common investment manager, many GP-led Secondaries 
may lack the benefit of financial 
statements and periodic company updates that would be originated by a common 
investment manager. This may affect 
the ability of the Fund to conduct fundamental due diligence on the 
portfolio companies comprising such investment 
portfolios. 
Termination of the Fund's interest in an underlying fund 
The general partner or manager of an underlying fund may, among other 
things, terminate the Fund's interest in such 
underlying fund if the Fund fails to satisfy any capital call by that 
underlying fund or if the general partner or manager of 
that underlying fund determines that the continued participation of the Fund 
EFTA01398023
--- PAGE 225 ---
in the underlying fund would have a material 
adverse effect on the underlying fund or its assets. The Fund may fail to 
meet a capital call if an Investor fails to honor a 
capital call by the Fund and such shortfall cannot be made up by the other 
Investors, a new investor, a borrowing, the 
Manager or otherwise. 
Reliance on management of portfolio companies 
While it is the intent of the Fund to invest in underlying funds with proven 
investment fund managers and companies with 
proven operating management in place, there can be no assurance that such 
management will continue to operate 
successfully. Although the Fund will monitor the performance of each 
underlying fund and investment, it will rely upon 
management to operate the underlying funds and portfolio companies on a day-
to-day basis. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398024
--- PAGE 226 ---
G
reg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Leverage 
The leveraged capital structure of some vintage funds and portfolio 
companies in which the Fund may directly or 
indirectly invest will increase the exposure of such investments to adverse 
financial or economic conditions such as 
significantly rising interest rates, severe economic downturns or 
deterioration in the condition of the investment or its 
corresponding market. Under such conditions, the value of the Fund's direct 
or indirect investment in a portfolio company 
could be significantly reduced or even eliminated. There may be a 
substantial amount of indebtedness in connection with 
such portfolio company investments. Global financial markets have 
experienced a variety of difficulties and changed 
economic conditions in recent years. These developments and new 
developments, if they occur, could have a significant 
effect upon the availability and terms of financing, as well as the purchase 
and sale price of assets, and accordingly, 
could adversely affect the Fund's or an underlying fund's ability to make or 
dispose of investments, the type of 
investments that may be made and the returns received with respect to such 
investments. 
Investments in troubled and leveraged companies 
The Fund may invest indirectly, through the underlying funds, in securities 
of financially troubled companies and 
securities of highly leveraged companies. While these investments are likely 
to be particularly risky, they also may offer 
the potential for correspondingly high returns. Under certain circumstances, 
payments to the underlying funds and 
distributions by the underlying funds to their investors, including to the 
Fund, may be reclaimed on bankruptcy or 
insolvency if any such payment is later determined to have been a 
preferential payment. 
Venture capital investments 
The Fund may invest in interests in limited partnerships devoted to early 
stage venture capital investments, which is a 
segment of the venture capital business with the highest degree of 
investment risk. Typically, the portfolio companies in 
which such limited partnerships invest have no operating history, unproven 
technology, untested management and 
unknown future capital requirements. These companies often face intense 
competition, often from established 
companies with much greater financial, manufacturing and technical 
resources, more marketing and service capabilities, 
and a greater number of qualified personnel. To the extent there is a public 
market for the securities of these companies, 
they may be subject to abrupt and erratic market price movements. The 
indirect investments by the Fund in limited 
partnerships focused on investments of this type will be highly speculative 
EFTA01398025
--- PAGE 227 ---
and may result in the loss of the Fund's entire 
capital contributions in respect of such investments There can be no 
assurance that any such losses will be offset by 
gains (if any) realized in other portfolio companies of the Fund. 
Valuation 
Market events and valuation issues may impact the Fund and the underlying 
funds. The valuation methodology and 
timing may vary between the investments made by the Fund and therefore 
impact the valuation analysis of the Fund. 
Lack of liquidity of the Fund's investments 
The return of capital on investments and the realization of gains, if any, 
will generally occur only upon the partial or 
complete disposition of an investment. Investments will generally be highly 
illiquid compared to other asset classes, and 
it is unlikely that there will be a public market for most of the 
investments made. 
No established market for secondaries investments 
There is no established market for secondaries investments and although 
there has been an increasing volume of sales 
of secondaries investments, no liquid market is expected to develop for 
secondaries. Moreover, the market for 
secondaries has been evolving and is likely to continue to evolve. The 
Manager expects that the Fund may acquire 
interests in investment funds and direct private equity investments in 
portfolio companies on an opportunistic basis from 
existing investors in such funds (and not from the issuers of such 
interests) and from existing holders of direct 
investments (and not from the portfolio companies directly). There can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398026
--- PAGE 228 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
identify sufficient secondaries investment opportunities or that it will be 
able to acquire sufficient secondaries investments 
on attractive terms. 
Risks of investing on a secondary basis in real estate and real estate-
related assets 
Secondary investments in investment funds that invest in real estate and 
real estate-related assets are subject to various 
risks, including adverse changes in national or international economic 
conditions, adverse local market conditions, the 
financial conditions of tenants, buyers and sellers of properties, changes 
in the availability or terms of financing, changes 
in interest rates, exchange rates, real estate tax rates and other operating 
expenses, environmental laws and 
regulations, zoning laws and other governmental rules and fiscal policies, 
energy prices, changes in the relative 
popularity of certain property types or the availability of purchasers to 
acquire properties, risks due to dependence on 
cash flow, risks and operating problems arising out of the presence of 
certain construction materials, as well as acts of 
God, uninsurable losses, war, terrorism, earthquakes, hurricanes, volcanoes 
or floods and other factors which are 
beyond the control of an investor. 
Multiple levels of expense 
The Fund and the underlying private equity funds in which it invests impose 
management and/or administrative costs, 
expenses and performance allocations. This will result in greater expense to 
the Investors than if such costs, expenses 
and allocations were not charged by the Fund and Investors were able to 
invest directly in the underlying private equity 
funds in which the Fund invests or the portfolio companies of those 
underlying funds. 
Contingent liabilities associated with investment fund interests acquired in 
secondary 
transactions 
Where the Fund acquires an interest in an investment fund in a secondaries 
transaction, such Fund may acquire 
contingent liabilities of the seller of the interest More specifically, 
where the seller has received distributions from the 
relevant private equity fund and, subsequently, that private equity fund 
recalls one or more of these distributions, the 
Fund (as the purchaser of the interest to which such distributions are 
attributable and not the seller) may be obliged to 
return monies equivalent to such distributions to the private equity fund 
While the Fund may, in turn, make a claim 
against the seller for any such monies so paid to the private equity fund, 
there can be no assurances that the Fund would 
prevail on such claim. 
Underlying funds invest independently 
EFTA01398027
--- PAGE 229 ---
The underlying funds in which the Fund will invest generally invest wholly 
independently of one another and may at times 
hold economically offsetting positions. To the extent that such underlying 
funds hold such positions, considered as a 
whole they may not achieve any gain of loss despite incurring fees and 
expenses in connection with such positions. In 
addition, a manager of such an underlying fund may be compensated based on 
the performance of its investments. 
Accordingly, there may often be times when a particular manager may receive 
incentive compensation in respect of its 
investments for a period even though the overall value of such underlying 
funds depreciated during such period. 
Investors will not have any direct interest in a portfolio investment 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a direct or indirect 
offering of interests in portfolio investments. Investors 
will not be limited partners in the underlying funds in which the Fund will 
invest, will have no direct interest in such 
underlying funds and will have no voting rights in, or standing or recourse 
against, any such funds. Moreover, none of 
the Investors will have the right to participate in the control, management 
or operations of any such underlying fund or 
have any discretion over the management of any such underlying fund by 
reason of their investment in the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398028
--- PAGE 230 ---
Greg Martin 
ection : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Limited ability to negotiate secondary transaction terms 
Where the Fund makes an investment on a secondary basis, the Fund will 
generally not have the ability to negotiate the 
amendments to the constitutional documents of an underlying fund, enter into 
side letters or otherwise negotiate the legal 
or economic terms of the interest in the underlying fund being acquired. 
Investments longer than term 
The Fund may make investments that may not be exited or realized in full 
prior to the date that the Fund will be 
liquidated, either by expiration of the Fund's term or otherwise. Although 
the Manager expects that target investments 
will be disposed of or otherwise realized prior to liquidation, the Fund may 
have to sell, distribute, or otherwise dispose of 
investments at a disadvantageous time as a result of its liquidation. 
Part B — Risks Related to an Investment in the Fund 
Nature of Fund investments 
An investment in the Fund requires a long-term commitment, with no certainty 
of return or of an Investor receiving any 
distributions from the Fund. There most likely will be little or no near-
term cash flow available to Investors. Many of the 
Fund's investments will be highly illiquid, and there can be no assurance 
that the Fund will be able to realize such 
investments in a timely manner. Consequently, dispositions of such 
investments may require a lengthy time period or 
may result in distributions in kind to the Investors. Additionally, the Fund 
will typically acquire securities that cannot be 
sold except pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities 
Act or in a private placement or other 
transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act and that 
complies with any applicable non-U.S. securities 
laws. The securities in which the Fund will directly or indirectly invest 
generally will be the most junior in what typically 
will be a complex capital structure, and thus subject to the greatest risk 
of loss. Certain of the Fund's investments may 
be in businesses with little or no operating history. Since the Fund may 
only make a limited number of investments, and 
since the Fund's investments generally will involve a high degree of risk, 
poor performance by a few of the investments 
could severely affect the total returns to the Limited Partners. The 
performance of portfolio investments of the SOF 
Funds is not necessarily indicative of the results that will be achieved by 
the Fund. 
Restrictions on transfer and withdrawal 
An investment in the Fund is suitable only for sophisticated investors who 
have the financial resources necessary to 
withstand the risk of a potential loss of their entire investment. There is 
no public market for the Interests, and none is 
expected to develop. The Fund Documents contain restrictions on the 
EFTA01398029
--- PAGE 231 ---
transferability of the Interests and the withdrawal 
of Investors. The Interests are not transferable except with the consent of 
the General Partner or the Manager, which 
may be withheld in their absolute discretion, and are subject to the terms 
and conditions of the Fund Documents. 
Investors may not withdraw capital from the Fund. Consequently, Investors 
should not expect to be able to liquidate their 
investments prior to the end of the Fund's term. 
Performance risk 
The performance of the Fund may not meet the Fund's target return. None of 
the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, 
the General Partner or the Second GP guarantees any level of return to 
Investors or the repayment of capital from the 
Fund. Past performance of the SOF Funds cannot be taken as an indication of 
the future performance of the Fund. The 
Fund will make investments based on estimates or projections of internal 
rates of return and current returns, which in 
turn will be based on, among other considerations, assumptions regarding the 
performance of the Fund assets, the 
amount and terms of available financing and the manner and timing of 
dispositions, including possible asset recovery 
and remediation strategies, all of which are subject to significant 
uncertainty. In addition, events or conditions which 
have not been anticipated may occur and may have a significant effect on the 
actual rate of return received on the 
Fund's investments. The assumptions made by the Manager may not prove to be 
valid, and may be based in part upon 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398030
--- PAGE 232 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
projections of future events which are difficult to predict and beyond the 
control of the Fund and the Manager. Investors 
have no assurance that actual internal rates of return and current returns 
will equal or exceed the projected rates of 
return or that any capital will be returned to them. 
Poor performance by a few of the Fund's investments could substantially 
affect the total return to Investors. The Fund 
may, directly or indirectly, invest in private equity businesses which are 
believed to be sound and offer good prospects 
for growth. Such businesses may have little or no operating history. There 
can be no assurance that any business in 
which the Fund invests will perform to expectations. 
Losses borne exclusively by the Fund and its Partners 
The Manager and its affiliates will not be liable for any losses that the 
Fund may incur. Any such losses will be borne 
exclusively by the Fund and, in turn, by the Fund's Partners. 
Additional risk of loss as a result of the use of leverage 
The Fund may at any time, subject to the restrictions in the Fund Documents, 
borrow funds to make investments on a 
leveraged basis. The interest expense and other costs incurred in connection 
with such borrowing may not be recovered 
by income from investments purchased by the Fund. Gains realized with 
borrowed funds may cause the value of the 
portfolio held by the Fund to increase at a faster rate than would be the 
case without borrowings. If, however, investment 
results fail to cover the cost of borrowings, the value of the portfolio 
held by the Fund could decrease faster than if there 
had been no such borrowings. Additionally, if the investments fail to 
perform to expectations, the interest of Investors in 
the Fund would be subordinated to such leverage, which would compound any 
such adverse consequences. Further, to 
the extent income received from investments is used to make interest and 
principal payments on the Fund's borrowings, 
Investors may be allocated income, and therefore tax liability, in excess of 
cash received by them in distributions. 
Investors will be aware that the stability of certain financial markets has 
deteriorated in recent years. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may affect the ability of the Manager to find and/or 
secure finance for suitable investment 
opportunities for the Fund. 
Drawdowns and use of subscription line facilities 
The Fund may fund the making of portfolio investments with proceeds from 
drawdowns under one or more revolving 
credit facilities (the collateral for which can be, for example, the undrawn 
capital commitments of Investors) prior to 
calling Commitments. Drawdowns, including those used to pay interest on 
subscription line facilities and other 
indebtedness, may from time to time be "batched" together into larger, less 
EFTA01398031
--- PAGE 233 ---
frequent capital calls or closings, with the 
Fund's interim capital needs being satisfied by the Fund borrowing money 
from such credit facilities. Any such interim 
borrowings incurred are expected to be temporary and short-term in nature. 
The interest expense and other costs of any 
such borrowings will be fund expenses and, accordingly, decrease net 
multiples of the Fund. It is expected that interest 
will accrue on any such outstanding borrowings at a rate lower than the 
preferred return, which will begin accruing when 
drawdowns to repay borrowings used to fund such portfolio investments or 
interim expenditures are actually made to the 
Fund. The use of borrowing in this manner may therefore have the effect of 
accelerating the Special Limited Partner's 
entitlement to carried interest by decreasing the amount of preferred return 
that is required to be distributed to Investors. 
In light of the foregoing, the Manager has an incentive to cause the Fund to 
borrow in this manner in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments. As a general matter, use of borrowings in lieu of drawing 
down Commitments amplifies IRRs (either 
negative or positive) to Investors. 
Investment history 
Although the information herein and in other materials provided to the 
Investor in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, none of 
the Fund, the Manager or their respective 
affiliates guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. The performance 
data relating to the SOF Funds presented 
herein and in the materials provided in connection with the marketing of the 
Interests is as of June 30, 2017 (unless 
noted otherwise) and may no longer be representative of the current 
position. Such data has not been audited or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398032
--- PAGE 234 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
otherwise verified by any outside party and should not be construed as 
representative of the returns that may be 
achieved in the future. The return data does not reflect a composite and has 
not been presented in accordance with 
Association for Investment Management Research (AIMR) standards. No 
assurance can be given that the past 
investments made by any of the SOF Funds would be suitable for the Fund. 
Past performance is not an indication of 
future results and no representation or warranty is made as to the returns 
which may be experienced by Investors. 
Availability of investments and competitive nature of the Fund's business 
The business of the Fund is highly competitive. The success of the Fund 
depends on the ability of the Manager to 
identify and select appropriate investment opportunities as well as the 
Fund's ability to acquire such investments in a 
competitive environment. The Fund will be competing for investment 
opportunities against other investors, including 
private equity funds and hedge funds. The availability of investments and/or 
the price of such investments will be affected 
by these competitors for such investments, many of which (i) have financial 
and strategic resources significantly in 
excess of those of the Fund, (ii) may make competing offers for investment 
opportunities that are identified by the Fund, 
and (iii) may be willing to offer terms more favorable than those offered by 
the Fund. Competition for investment 
opportunities may increase, thus reducing the number of opportunities 
available to the Fund and adversely affecting the 
terms upon which investments can be made. Consequently, the Manager may be 
unable to identify a sufficient number 
of investment opportunities for the Fund and the Fund may be unable to 
acquire investments on attractive terms. There 
is no guarantee that suitable investments will be or can be secured, or that 
they will be successful, or that they will meet 
the Fund's requirements in respect of diversity. There can be no assurance 
that the Manager will be able to identify and 
consummate a sufficient number of investments to permit the Fund either to 
invest all of its capital, to diversify its 
investments to the extent anticipated, or to meet the Fund's return 
objectives. Also, the Fund may incur bid costs on 
transactions that may not be successful, and consequently the Fund may not 
be able to recover such costs, which would 
adversely affect returns. No assurance is given that the Fund's investment 
objective will be achieved. 
Dependence on the Manager, key personnel and service providers 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the day-to-day operations of 
the Fund, including investment and disposition 
decisions. In order to safeguard their limited liability for the debts and 
obligations of the Fund, Investors must rely 
EFTA01398033
--- PAGE 235 ---
entirely on the General Partner, and by virtue of the relevant agreements, 
the Manager, and their respective personnel to 
supervise, conduct and manage the affairs of the Fund. 
The success of the Fund depends in substantial part on the skill and 
expertise of the Key Persons and other investment 
executives of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser. There can be no assurance 
that such persons will continue to be 
associated with the Manager or the U.S. Adviser (as the case may be) 
throughout the life of the Fund. The loss of the 
skill and expertise of such persons could have a material adverse effect on 
the Fund. In addition, Investors should be 
aware that the Manager and certain personnel of the Manager (including the 
Key Persons) will continue to devote such 
time and attention to the management of the SOF Funds as is required to 
discharge their duties relating to the ongoing 
activities of the SOF Funds. 
The Fund is reliant on the performance of its depositary for its successful 
operation, and may be materially affected by a 
failure in the depositary's performance. 
Lack of operating history 
Although members of the Manager's investment team have had extensive 
experience investing in the private equity 
sector, the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP are newly formed entities with 
no operating history upon which to evaluate the Fund's likely performance. 
Investors must rely upon the Manager to 
identify, structure and implement investments consistent with the Fund's 
investment objectives and policies. 
Prior affiliation with Deutsche Bank 
As described in "History" in Section 1: Executive Summary of this 
Memorandum, not all members of the investment and 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398034
--- PAGE 236 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
operations teams that were involved in the management of the SOF Funds at 
Deutsche Bank have joined the Manager 
and the U.S. Adviser. Accordingly, in evaluating the past performance of the 
SOF Funds, prospective investors should 
note that the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser 
were formally part of Deutsche Bank, a large 
institution, and, in connection with the investments comprising the track 
record of the SOF Funds, such persons 
functioned as part of a larger group within Deutsche Bank and the success or 
otherwise of the SOF Funds should not be 
solely attributed to the partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. 
Adviser. 
Liquidity risk 
The Fund's investments are typically expected to be highly illiquid 
investments that are not listed on a stock exchange or 
for which there may only be a limited number of potential buyers. Political 
and regulatory considerations (including 
limitations on ownership and approval rights) could also affect the ability 
of the Fund to buy or sell investments on 
favorable terms. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Fund will 
be able to realize cash from such investments 
in a timely manner, and dispositions of such investments may require a 
lengthy time period or may result in distributions 
in kind to Investors. Moreover, the realizable value of a highly illiquid 
investment may be less than its intrinsic value or 
the valuation assigned to it by the Fund. 
Distributions in kind 
Although, under normal circumstances, it is intended that the Fund will make 
distributions in cash, it is possible that upon 
the liquidation of the Fund and in certain other circumstances as set out in 
the Fund Documents distributions may be 
made in kind (or in specie) and could consist of securities for which there 
is not a readily available public market, 
securities that are subject to legal and contractual transfer restrictions 
or securities of entities unable to make 
distributions. 
Investor risk 
Investors will be obliged to meet drawdown notices promptly, and failure to 
do so may subject an Investor to severe 
consequences as set out in the Fund Documents, including without limitation 
forfeiture of its Interest. Should an Investor 
fail to provide the money drawn down from it promptly, the Fund may be 
unable to consummate the investment for which 
the money was to be provided or may be unable to meet other obligations when 
due. As a result, the Fund may be 
subjected to significant penalties (which could materially and adversely 
affect the returns to Investors) and money 
provided by the other Investors may be returned to them without having been 
EFTA01398035
--- PAGE 237 ---
invested and will be subject to recall. If a 
defaulting Investor's Interest is forfeited, the total Commitments may be 
reduced, which will limit both the number of 
investments the Fund can still make, and the diversity of its investments 
including those that it has already made. 
Further, in the event that an Investor fails to comply with its obligations 
under the Fund Partnership Agreement to provide 
certain information, and comply with certain procedures, to enable the Fund 
to comply with the recently enacted U.S. 
Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, such failure may subject an 
Investor to severe consequences as set out in 
the Fund Documents. 
Amounts and timings of payments to the Fund are uncertain 
Drawdowns may occur at any point, and for any amount (up to an Investor's 
undrawn commitment to the Fund), during 
the life of the Fund, including after the termination of the Investment 
Period. 
Risks associated with unspecified transactions 
There are risks and uncertainties to Investors with respect to the selection 
of investments. Investors will not have an 
opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and 
other information regarding the investments 
to be made by the Fund and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment 
and ability of the Manager in sourcing 
suitable transactions and in investing and managing the assets of the Fund. 
No assurance can be given that the Fund 
will be successful in obtaining suitable investments at attractive prices or 
that it will be able to fully invest Commitments. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398036
--- PAGE 238 ---
reg Martin 
ection : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Valuation risk 
The Fund will be relying upon the Manager for valuation of its investments. 
The Fund's investments in many cases will 
be difficult to value due to various factors, including the nature of 
private equity assets, the absence of readily 
ascertainable market values and comparables, and limited sources of useful 
valuation information. In addition, the 
valuation of an investment may not always be consistent with, and therefore 
may be higher than, the price at which the 
investment could be sold on any particular valuation date. Such valuations 
will be subject to inherent uncertainty, and 
will be made under a number of assumptions which may not ultimately be 
realized. There can be no assurance that the 
valuations will in fact represent the actual value of the investments or the 
amounts that could at such time or may 
ultimately be realized with respect to the investments. Valuation 
uncertainties may be compounded if there are problems 
with the economies of the markets in which the Fund operates. 
Absence of Investment Company Act protection 
The Fund is not required to, and will not, register as an investment company 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act"), and, accordingly, the 
provisions of the Investment Company Act 
(which, among other things, require investment companies to have a majority 
of disinterested directors, require securities 
held in custody to at all times be individually segregated from the 
securities of any other person and marked to clearly 
identify such securities as the property of such investment company and 
regulate the relationship between the adviser 
and the investment company) are not applicable. 
Tax risks 
The Fund and/or the Investors could become subject to additional or 
unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which the 
Fund operates or invests. In addition, withholding taxes and other local 
source taxes may be imposed on the Fund's 
earnings. These taxes may not be creditable or deductible by the Fund or its 
subsidiaries or the Investors. While it is 
intended that the activities of the Fund, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager and their respective offices 
should not create a permanent establishment or other form of taxable 
presence of the Fund or any of its subsidiaries in 
any jurisdiction in which the Fund or any of its subsidiaries, or the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager or any 
of their respective offices, operates or invests, there is a risk that the 
relevant tax authorities in one or more of such 
jurisdictions could take a contrary view. If for any reason the Fund or any 
of its subsidiaries is held to have a permanent 
establishment or other such presence in any such jurisdiction, the Fund or 
EFTA01398037
--- PAGE 239 ---
such subsidiary could be subject to significant 
taxation in such jurisdiction. 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the "OECD") 
together with the G20 countries has 
committed to reduce perceived abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as 
base erosion and profit shifting ("BEPS"). As 
part of this commitment, an action plan has been developed to address BEPS 
with the aim of securing revenue by 
realigning taxation with economic activities and value creation by creating 
a single set of consensus based international 
tax rules. As part of the BEPS project it is anticipated that new rules 
dealing with the operation of double tax treaties, the 
definition of permanent establishments and how hybrid instruments are taxed 
will be introduced. 
Depending on if and how these proposals are implemented, they may have a 
material impact on how returns to Investors 
are taxed. Such implementation may also give rise to additional reporting 
and disclosure obligations for Investors. Some 
OECD countries, including the UK, have begun the process of implementing the 
BEPS proposals. 
In addition to national implementation of BEPS, the European Council has 
adopted Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives that 
address many of the same issues. The measures included in the Anti-Tax 
Avoidance Directives are required to be 
implemented into the national law of each EU Member State, to take effect 
from no later than either January 1, 2019, 
January 1, 2020 or January 1, 2022 depending on the provision and the Member 
State. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398038
--- PAGE 240 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Global taxes 
The Manager may make certain decisions to maximize pre-tax returns that 
result in tax-exempt Investors incurring 
greater tax costs than might otherwise be the case. For example, in some 
cases, the Manager may forego certain 
actions with regard to acquisition, financing, management and disposition of 
investments that would reduce taxes 
because such actions would reduce overall pre-tax returns to all the 
Investors. 
Investments and holding structures will be considered on their merits by the 
Manager but without regard to the taxation, 
legal or other circumstances of the Investors. 
Change in tax law 
There may be changes in the tax laws or interpretations of tax laws in 
jurisdictions in which the Fund or any of its 
subsidiaries operates, is managed, is advised, is promoted or invests, or in 
which Investors are resident, that are adverse 
to the Fund, its subsidiaries, or the Investors. Changes to taxation 
treaties or interpretations of taxation treaties between 
one or more such jurisdictions and the countries through which the Fund or 
any of its subsidiaries holds investments or in 
which an Investor is resident may adversely affect the Fund's ability to 
efficiently realize income or capital gains. 
Consequently, it is possible that the Fund or its subsidiaries may face 
unfavorable tax treatment in such jurisdictions that 
may materially adversely affect the value of the Fund's investments. 
Tax treatment 
There can be no assurance that the structure of the Fund or of any 
investments will be tax-efficient for any particular 
Investor. Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers with 
reference to their specific tax situations. 
Phantom income 
There can be no assurance that the Fund will have sufficient cash flow to 
permit the Fund to make distributions to 
Investors in amounts necessary to enable them to pay all tax liabilities 
resulting from their ownership of Interests. See 
also Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Risks from changes in the taxation of carried interest 
The ability of the Manager to achieve the investment objectives of the Fund 
depends, to a substantial degree, on the 
ability of the Manager and its affiliates to retain and motivate its 
investment professionals and other key personnel, and to 
recruit talented new personnel. The ability of the Manager and its 
affiliates to recruit, retain and motivate their 
professionals is dependent on their ability to offer highly attractive 
incentive opportunities. Legislation has recently been 
enacted in the U.S. which treats certain capital gain income that is 
recognized by an investment partnership and 
EFTA01398039
--- PAGE 241 ---
allocable to a partner affiliated with the sponsor of the partnership (i.e., 
carried interest) as short-term capital gain 
generally taxed at ordinary rates to such partner for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. It is currently unclear the impact 
this legislation will have on the Manager and its affiliates or any 
professionals of such organizations, however, it is 
possible this legislation (or if additional similar legislation were 
enacted, such other legislation) would materially increase 
their tax liability with respect to their entitlement to carried interest. 
This may adversely affect the Manager's and its 
affiliates' ability to attract and retain certain investment professionals, 
which may have an adverse effect on their ability to 
achieve the investment objectives of the Fund. 
Corporate offense of failure to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion 
The UK Criminal Finances Act 2017 introduced, with effect from September 30, 
2017, a corporate offence of failure to 
prevent the criminal facilitation of tax evasion. The offence can be 
committed by bodies corporate and partnerships, 
wherever incorporated or formed and could therefore impact the Fund and its 
investments. The offence is committed 
when an associated person of the body corporate or partnership commits 
criminal facilitation of tax evasion when acting 
in the capacity of an associated person. The offense is wide in scope and 
catches facilitation of foreign tax evasion as 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398040
--- PAGE 242 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
well as UK tax evasion. It is a complete defense if the body corporate or 
partnership has reasonable procedures in place 
designed to prevent persons associated with it from committing tax evasion 
facilitation offences. 
The Manager intends to (i) implement reasonable procedures to prevent 
associated persons from committing criminal 
facilitation of tax evasion, and (ii) consider the offence in respect of the 
Fund's investments. It is nevertheless possible 
that an English court would not find these procedures reasonable and the 
Manager could be found guilty of this criminal 
offence and subject to unlimited financial penalties. 
Co-investment risks, counterparty risks and investments via other entities 
The Fund may make investments via other entities and in a joint venture, co-
investment or partnership arrangement with 
other parties. This may involve alternative investment vehicles (where the 
Fund may cause the Investors to transfer a 
portion of their Commitments to such entities), partnerships, joint 
ventures, companies, trusts or other entities. Such 
arrangements may involve additional risks (such as the risk that the Manager 
will not be as familiar with the operation of 
such entities, or the risk of higher costs associated with their formation, 
structuring or operation, or relationships with 
co-venturers deteriorating) and the Fund's investment via such entities may 
be impacted by other parties if made on a 
joint venture, co-investment or partnership basis (e.g., where a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner defaults on its funding 
obligations, or is in a position to take action contrary to the Fund's 
objectives due to having economic or business 
interests or goals that are not consistent with those of the Fund, or where 
the Fund is liable for actions of such 
co-venturer, co-investor or partner). Additionally, to the extent that a co-
venturer, co-investor or partner operates a 
project, the Fund will bear the risk of actions or omissions by such co-
venturer, co-investor or partner. While the 
Manager will seek to limit the extent to which such factors can affect the 
Fund, such actions or omissions may not be 
sufficient to protect the Fund from loss. There is a risk that co-venturers, 
co-investors, partners or counterparties may 
default on their contractual obligations to the Fund or the Fund's 
investments. Any such default would likely have an 
adverse effect on the value of the Fund's investments and on the returns to 
Investors. In addition, the Fund may coinvest 
with other parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities. 
Under such circumstances, there is the 
possibility that the entity in which the Fund's investment is made or such 
co-investor may have economic or business 
interests or goals that are not entirely consistent with those of the Fund. 
In addition, the Fund may, in certain 
EFTA01398041
--- PAGE 243 ---
circumstances, be liable for actions of its co-investors. 
Dilution from subsequent closings 
Investors subscribing for Interests after the First Closing will participate 
in existing investments of the Fund, diluting the 
interest of existing Investors therein. Although such Investors will 
contribute their pro rata share of prior Fund 
drawdowns (plus interest), there can be no assurance that this payment will 
reflect the fair value of the Fund's existing 
investments at the time such additional Interests are subscribed for. 
Indemnification 
The Fund will indemnify, and hold harmless, the General Partner, the Second 
GP, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser and 
each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly or indirectly on 
behalf of the Fund; each of the current and 
former officers, directors, employees, managers, agents of any of the 
General Partner, the Second GP, the Manager, the 
U.S. Adviser and each of their respective affiliates who have acted directly 
or indirectly on behalf of the Fund; each 
person serving, or who has served, as a member of the Fund Advisory 
Committee (and, with respect to claims or 
damages arising out of or relating to such service only, the Investor that 
such person represents and each of such 
Investor's officers, directors, employees, partners, members, managers, 
agents and other representatives); and any 
other third party designated by the General Partner as a covered person who 
serves at the request of the General 
Partner or the Manager directly or indirectly on behalf of the Fund from and 
against any liabilities, actions, proceedings, 
claims, costs, demands and expenses to which they may become subject by 
reason of their activities on behalf of the 
Fund, unless such liabilities, actions, proceedings, claims, costs, demands 
and expenses result from certain conduct of 
such indemnified person as specified in the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Indemnification of these indemnified persons 
may impair the financial condition of the Fund and its ability to acquire 
investments or otherwise achieve its investment 
objective or meet its obligations. Furthermore, the Investors may be 
required to return certain distributions for the 
purpose of satisfying any claim under such indemnity, subject to certain 
limitations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398042
--- PAGE 244 ---
G
reg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Short-term investments 
Amounts drawn down from Investors will be invested by the Fund in short-term 
instruments pending investment in 
secondaries transactions. During such interim periods, these short-term 
investments may produce lower returns for 
Investors than the returns earned by direct investors in the underlying 
private equity funds in which the Fund invests (or 
by direct investors in portfolio companies) for the same period. 
Follow-on investments 
The Fund may be called upon to provide follow-up funding for portfolio 
companies or have the opportunity to increase its 
investment in such portfolio companies. There can be no assurance that the 
Manager will wish to make follow-on 
investments or that the Fund will have sufficient funds to do so. Any 
decision by the Manager not to make follow-on 
investments or its inability to make them may have a substantial negative 
impact on a portfolio company in need of such 
an investment or may diminish the Fund's ability to influence the portfolio 
company's future development. 
Risks upon disposition of investments 
In connection with the disposition of an investment in a portfolio company 
or otherwise, the Fund may be required to 
make representations about the business and financial affairs of the 
portfolio company typical of those made in 
connection with the sale of any business, or may be responsible for the 
contents of disclosure documents under 
applicable securities laws. The Fund may also be required to indemnify the 
purchasers of such investment or 
underwriters to the extent that any such representations or disclosure 
documents turn out to be incorrect, inaccurate or 
misleading. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities, which 
might ultimately have to be funded by the 
Investors. The Fund Partnership Agreement contains provisions to the effect 
that if there is any such claim in respect of 
a portfolio company, it may be funded by the Investors to the extent that 
they have received distributions from the Fund, 
subject to certain limitations. 
Furthermore, the Investors may, under certain circumstances, be required to 
return certain distributions for the purpose 
of satisfying certain other obligations and liabilities of the Fund of which 
they are Investors. 
Recourse to all assets 
The assets of the Fund, including any investments made by the Fund, are 
available to satisfy all liabilities and other 
obligations of the Fund. If the Fund becomes subject to a liability, parties 
seeking to have the liability satisfied may have 
recourse to the Fund's assets generally and not be limited to any particular 
assets, such as the asset representing the 
EFTA01398043
--- PAGE 245 ---
investment giving rise to the liability. This may result in the Fund 
disposing of assets it holds in order to satisfy liabilities 
arising from other assets. 
Defaulting Investors are subject to the discretion of the Manager 
If an Investor fails to meet drawdown notices, the Manager may delay, 
suspend or forfeit such Investor's right to receive 
payments from the Fund or the return of Commitments to such defaulting 
Investor. 
Expedited transactions 
Investment analyses and decisions by the Manager may frequently be required 
to be undertaken on an expedited basis 
to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the 
information available to the Manager at the time of an 
investment decision may be limited, and the Manager may not have access to 
detailed information regarding the 
investment opportunity. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the 
Manager will have knowledge of all relevant 
circumstances that may adversely affect an investment. In addition, the 
Manager may rely upon independent 
consultants in connection with its evaluation of proposed investments; 
however, no assurance can be given that these 
consultants will accurately evaluate such investments, and the Fund may 
incur liability as a result of such consultants' 
actions. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398044
--- PAGE 246 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Emerging markets risk 
The Fund may hold interests in investments of the underlying funds in 
countries that are considered "emerging markets". 
Investors should consider a number of risks associated with investments in 
emerging markets countries. For example, 
investments may be subject to changing political environments, regulatory 
restrictions, and changes in government 
institutions and policies, any of which could adversely affect private 
investments. In addition, changes in policy with 
regard to taxation, fiscal and monetary policies, repatriation of profits, 
and other economic regulations are possible, any 
of which could have an adverse effect on private investments. Laws and 
regulations in emerging markets, particularly 
those relating to foreign investment and taxation, may be subject to change 
or evolving interpretation. In addition, to the 
extent that the Fund indirectly holds assets in local currencies in 
countries outside the United States, the Fund will be 
exposed to a degree of currency risk that may adversely affect performance. 
In addition, investments may be made in 
countries where generally accepted accounting standards and practices differ 
significantly from those practiced in the 
United States, the United Kingdom and certain other European countries. The 
evaluation of potential investments and 
the ability to perform due diligence may be affected. The Fund and/or the 
Investors could become subject to additional 
or unforeseen taxation in jurisdictions in which they have indirect 
investments. Changes to taxation treaties (or their 
interpretation) between the jurisdictions in which Investors are tax 
resident and the countries in which the Fund has direct 
or indirect investments may adversely affect their ability to efficiently 
realize income or capital gains. Moreover, certain of 
the transactions of underlying funds or their fund investments may be 
undertaken through local brokers, banks or other 
organizations outside the United States and the United Kingdom, and the 
underlying funds and their fund investments 
will be subject to the risk of default, insolvency or fraud of such 
organizations. The countries in which the Fund has 
indirect investments may control, in varying degrees, the repatriation of 
capital and profits that results from foreign 
investments. There can be no assurance that the underlying funds and their 
fund investments will be permitted to 
repatriate capital or profits, if any, over the life of their activities. 
No separate counsel 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP will act as special counsel to the Manager and the 
General Partner and may act as counsel to 
underlying private equity funds in which the Fund invests in connection with 
their organization, offering and ongoing 
investment activities. The Fund, the Manager and the General Partner have 
EFTA01398045
--- PAGE 247 ---
acknowledged and agreed that, in certain 
instances, Debevoise & Plimpton LLP, as counsel to an underlying private 
equity fund in which the Fund invests, may 
have to withdraw as counsel to the Manager and the General Partner if a 
conflict arises between the Fund and such 
underlying fund. In such an instance, the Fund would be required to retain 
additional counsel. Separate counsel has not 
been engaged to act on behalf of Investors in the Fund. To the fullest 
extent permitted by law, Debevoise & Plimpton 
LLP does not represent or owe any duty to any Investor or to the Investors 
as a group in connection with its role as 
special counsel to the Manager and the General Partner. 
Diverse investor group 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
Investors' particular tax situations. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager will 
consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and its Investors as 
a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Sovereign status of certain investors 
Certain Investors may enjoy sovereign or other immunities and privileges 
under English or foreign law and may claim to 
be or insist on being restricted in their ability to submit to the 
jurisdiction of particular courts and tribunals, including those 
designated in the Fund Documents. These factors may make it substantially 
more difficult for the Manager and the other 
parties to the Fund Documents to enforce the contractual obligations of such 
an Investor, including for example its 
obligations to comply with any drawdown notice, which may have adverse 
consequences for the Fund and the other 
Investors. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398046
--- PAGE 248 ---
reg Martin 
ec ion : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Side letters 
The General Partner or the Manager may enter into other written agreements 
with one or more Limited Partners which 
have the effect of establishing additional rights or alerting or 
supplementing the terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement 
(each, a "Side Letter"). Any such Side Letter may entitle a Limited Partner 
to make an investment in the Fund on terms 
other than those described herein, in the Fund Partnership Agreement and in 
the deeds of adherence relating to the 
purchase of Interests. Any such terms, including with respect to (i) 
reporting obligations of the Fund, (ii) transfers to 
affiliates, (iii) withdrawal rights due to adverse tax or regulatory events, 
(iv) consent rights to certain Fund Partnership 
Agreement amendments, (v) payment of fees, or (vi) any other matters, may be 
more favorable than those offered to any 
other Limited Partners. If the General Partner or the Manager enters into a 
Side Letter entitling a Limited Partner to be 
excused from an investment of the Fund, other Investors may be required to 
increase their funded commitment by their 
pro rata share of the unfunded amount. 
Part C — General Risks 
General market risk 
General movements in local and international stock markets, prevailing 
economic conditions, investor sentiment and 
interest rates could all affect the market price of the listed securities of 
entities in which the Fund holds indirect interests. 
Investors will be aware that, in recent years, the stability of certain 
financial markets has significantly deteriorated, certain 
market participants are in financial distress, the availability of credit 
has significantly declined in certain markets and the 
value of financial assets has become more volatile and, in certain 
circumstances, has generally fallen. These and other 
unforeseeable factors may adversely affect the value of the Fund's 
investments. 
Economic conditions 
General: The Fund's activities and results may be affected by a number of 
economic factors that are outside the control 
of the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the 
Second GP. These factors include interest 
rates, inflation, deflation, general levels of economic activity, the price 
of securities and participation by other investors in 
the financial markets. There is no assurance that lenders will continue to 
provide financing at current or historic valuation 
levels to private equity. Instability in the securities, currency, commodity 
and other markets may also increase the risks 
inherent in the Fund's investments. 
Interest rates: Certain underlying investment assets of the Fund may be 
highly leveraged. Movements in the level of 
EFTA01398047
--- PAGE 249 ---
interest rates may affect the returns from these assets more significantly 
than investments in other types of assets. In 
particular, the type of debt, maturity profile, interest rates and covenants 
in place are among the factors which could 
affect the timing and magnitude of returns. 
Inflation and deflation: Inflation or deflation may affect the Fund's 
investments adversely in a number of ways. 
During periods of rising inflation, interest and dividend rates of any 
instruments in which the Fund has invested, or which 
investments or entities related to investments may have issued, could 
increase, which would tend to reduce returns to 
Investors. Inflationary expectations or periods of rising inflation could 
also be accompanied by rising prices of 
commodities that are critical to the operation of certain assets (e.g., 
infrastructure) or to the return expected with respect 
to such assets. During periods of high inflation, capital tends to flee to 
other assets, such as (historically) gold, which 
may adversely affect the prices at which the Fund is able to sell certain 
investments. Certain underlying investments 
may have fixed income streams and, therefore, there may be limited cash 
available for distribution. The market value of 
such investments may decline in value in times of higher inflation rates. 
Some of the Fund's underlying investments may 
have income linked to inflation through contractual rights or other means. 
However, as inflation may affect both income 
and expenses, any increase in income may not be sufficient to cover 
increases in expenses. 
During periods of deflation, the demand for the products and/or services 
provided by the businesses or assets in which 
the Fund may have indirectly invested could fall, reducing the revenues 
generated by, and so the value of, such 
investments and therefore reducing returns to Investors. Where the operating 
costs and expenses associated with any 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398048
--- PAGE 250 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
such investments do not fall by a corresponding amount, the rate of return 
to Investors could be further reduced. Periods 
of deflation are often characterized by a tightening of money supply and 
credit, which could limit the amounts available to 
the Fund with which to make and/or leverage investments, and so limit the 
number and size of investments that the Fund 
may make and affect the rate of return to Investors. Such economic 
constraints could also make certain assets in which 
the Fund may invest and related businesses more illiquid, preventing the 
Fund from divesting such assets efficiently and 
so reducing the return to Investors from such investments. Deflation may 
also make it more difficult for investments 
which are leveraged at the asset level to meet or service their debt 
obligations, due to reductions in revenues and 
increases in the size of the debt relative to the overall value of an 
investment. 
Currency risks 
Commitments will be denominated, and drawdowns and distributions made, in 
U.S. dollars but the Fund may make and 
realize investments in currencies other than U.S. dollars and, as a result, 
the value of investments may go up or down 
solely as a result of changes in currency exchange rates. The Fund will 
incur costs in connection with conversions 
between various currencies. The Manager will attempt to maximize U.S. dollar 
revenues and sales proceeds, and the 
Fund and its underlying investments may engage in hedging transactions to 
reduce currency risk. There can be no 
assurance, however, that such hedging transactions, if the Fund chooses to 
enter into them, will fully protect against the 
risk of currency fluctuations. Moreover, hedging transactions themselves may 
involve additional risks and result in 
transaction costs. Investors should be aware that if their reference 
currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars, their 
investment in the Fund may be adversely affected by any reduction in the 
value of the U.S. dollar relative to their 
reference currency. They may also incur the further transaction costs of 
converting U.S. dollars into another currency. 
Such Investors are strongly urged to consult their financial advisers with a 
view to determining whether they should enter 
into hedging transactions to offset these risks. 
Status of debt markets and availability of financing 
In recent years, disruptions in the debt markets have caused a significant 
decrease in the availability of financing, an 
increase in interest rates (despite decreases in base rates) and a 
tightening of lending and underwriting standards for 
investments in general. Such conditions may impair the Fund's ability to 
obtain financing or refinancing to fund the 
acquisition of investments, or such financing may be available to the Fund 
EFTA01398049
--- PAGE 251 ---
on less favorable terms. In addition, because 
purchasers of investments held directly or indirectly by the Fund typically 
require acquisition financing to fund a portion of 
the purchase price, these conditions may adversely affect the availability 
of favorable exit opportunities for such 
investments. This could have a serious adverse effect on the Fund's ability 
to implement its investment strategy and 
generate returns. The continuation or worsening of the disruptions in the 
debt markets could have an adverse impact on 
the availability of credit to businesses generally. Under the U.S. Dodd -
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act, and under other international bank regulatory frameworks, 
such as Basel III, banking organizations and 
other financial institutions are required to hold additional regulatory 
capital and to meet more stringent liquidity, leverage 
and other similar tests. The timing, scope and cumulative effect of these 
regulatory developments is not fully known, but 
they may result in lenders being less willing and able to extend credit to 
borrowers like the Fund and/or increased costs 
to lenders, which are passed on to borrowers such as the Fund. 
Legal, tax and regulatory risks of private funds 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur that may adversely affect the 
Fund. The legal, tax and regulatory 
environment for funds that invest in alternative investments is evolving, 
and changes in the regulation and market 
perception of such funds, including changes to existing laws and regulations 
and increased criticism of the private equity 
and alternative asset industry by some politicians, regulators and market 
commentators, may adversely affect the ability 
of the Fund to pursue its investment strategy and the value of investments 
held by the Fund. In recent years, market 
disruptions and the dramatic increase in the capital allocated to 
alternative investment strategies have led to increased 
governmental as well as self-regulatory scrutiny of the alternative 
investment fund industry in general. Recently, there 
has been significant discussion regarding greater governmental scrutiny and/-
or potential regulation of the private 
investment industry, as private equity and other private investment firms 
become more significant participants in the 
broad-based economy. It is in many cases uncertain what form such enhanced 
scrutiny and/or regulation on the private 
equity industry ultimately may take and in what jurisdictions such measures 
may be implemented. Therefore, there can 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398050
--- PAGE 252 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion : Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
be no assurance as to whether any such regulatory scrutiny or initiatives 
will have an adverse impact on the private 
investment industry, including the ability of the Fund to achieve its 
objectives. It is impossible to predict what, if any, 
changes may be instituted with respect to the regulations applicable to the 
Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Second GP and their respective affiliates, the markets 
in which they operate and invest or the 
counterparties with which they do business, or what effect such legislation 
or regulations might have. There can be no 
assurance that the Fund, the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, 
the Second GP and their respective 
affiliates will be able, for financial reasons or otherwise, to comply with 
future laws and regulations, and any regulations 
which restrict the ability of the Fund to implement its investment strategy. 
Brexit 
The UK has formally notified the European Council of its intention to leave 
the European Union ("Brexit"). Under the 
process for leaving the European Union contemplated in article 50 of the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, the UK will remain a member state until a withdrawal agreement is 
entered into, or failing that, two years following 
the notification of the intention to leave. The terms and precise timetable 
of withdrawal are unknown at this time. 
Furthermore, as a result of Brexit, other European countries may seek to 
conduct referenda with respect to their 
continuing membership with the European Union. Given these possibilities and 
others that are not anticipated, at this 
time, it is difficult to predict how the UK withdrawal from the European 
Union will be implemented and what the economic, 
tax, fiscal, legal, regulatory and other implications will be for the asset 
management industry, the broader European and 
global financial markets generally and for private funds such as the Fund 
and the Fund's investments. This uncertainty is 
likely to continue to impact the global economic climate and may impact 
opportunities, pricing, availability and cost of 
bank financing, regulation, values or exit opportunities of companies or 
assets based, doing business, or having service 
or other significant relationships in, the UK or the European Union, 
including companies or assets held or considered for 
prospective investment by the Fund. 
The future application of European Union-based legislation to the private 
fund industry in the UK and the European 
Union will ultimately depend on how the UK renegotiates its relationship 
with the European Union. There can be no 
assurance that any renegotiated terms or regulations will not have an 
adverse impact on the Fund and its investments, 
including the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. 
EFTA01398051
--- PAGE 253 ---
Brexit may result in significant market dislocation, 
heightened counterparty risk, an adverse effect on the management of market 
risk and, in particular, asset and liability 
management due in part to redenomination of financial assets and 
liabilities, and increased legal, regulatory or 
compliance burden for Investors, the Manager and/or the Fund, each of which 
may have a negative impact on the 
operations, financial condition, returns or prospects of the Fund. 
Brexit may also have an adverse effect on the tax treatment of the Fund and 
its investments. In particular, the European 
Union directives preventing withholding taxes being imposed on intra-group 
dividends, interest and royalties may no 
longer apply to payments made into and out of the UK, meaning that instead 
the UK's double tax treaty network would 
need to be relied upon. Further, there may be changes to the operation of 
VAT. 
While the most immediate impacts on corporate transactions will likely be 
related to changes in market conditions, the 
development of new regulatory regimes and parallel competition law 
enforcement may have an adverse impact on 
transactions, particularly those occurring in, or impacted by conditions in, 
the UK and Europe. 
Anti-money laundering compliance 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority or 
where it is in the best interests of the Fund, in each case as a whole, to 
disclose information in respect of the identity of 
Investors. In addition, the General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager 
may be required by law, regulation or 
government authority to disclose certain information about the Fund and its 
arrangements with Investors, including 
disclosing the existence of, disclosing copies of, and reporting certain 
information about, any side letters or other 
arrangements that the Fund enters into with Investors that allow Investors 
to invest in the Fund under terms that vary 
from those applicable to other Investors. 
The General Partner, the Second GP or the Manager may be required by law, 
regulation or government authority to 
suspend the account of an Investor or take other anti-money laundering 
steps. Where the General Partner, the Second 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398052
--- PAGE 254 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GP or the Manager is required to take such action, the relevant Investor 
must indemnify the Fund against any loss 
suffered. 
Risks related to electronic communications 
The Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's service providers may 
provide to each Investor statements, reports 
and other communications relating to the Fund and/or each such Investor's 
Interest in electronic form, such as email or 
via a password protected website ("Electronic Communications"). Electronic 
Communications may be modified, 
corrupted or contain viruses or malicious code, and may not be compatible 
with an Investor's electronic systems. In 
addition, reliance on Electronic Communications involves the risk of 
inaccessibility, power outages or slowdowns for a 
variety of reasons. These periods of inaccessibility may delay or prevent 
receipt of reports or other information by one or 
more of the Investors. 
Cybersecurity 
The Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner and the Fund's service 
providers and other market participants 
increasingly depend on complex information technology and communications 
systems to conduct business functions. 
These systems are subject to a number of different threats or risks that 
could adversely affect the Fund and/or the 
Investors, despite the efforts of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General 
Partner and the service providers to adopt 
technologies, processes and practices intended to mitigate these risks and 
protect the security of their computer 
systems, software, networks and other technology assets, as well as the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of 
information belonging to the Fund and the Investors. For example, 
unauthorized third parties may attempt to improperly 
access, modify, disrupt the operations of, or prevent access to, these 
systems of the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the 
General Partner, the Fund's service providers, counterparties or data within 
these systems. Third parties may also 
attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, third-party service 
providers or other users of the Manager's 
systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to the 
Manager's data or that of the Investors. A 
successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the Manager's 
systems could result in the loss or theft of an 
Investor's data or funds, the inability to access electronic systems, loss 
or theft of proprietary information or corporate 
data, physical damage to a computer or network system or costs associated 
with system repairs. Such incidents could 
cause the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, the General Partner, the Fund or their 
respective service providers to incur 
EFTA01398053
--- PAGE 255 ---
regulatory penalties, reputational damage, additional compliance costs or 
financial loss. 
Pay-to-play laws, regulations and policies 
A number of U.S., state and municipal pension plans have adopted so-called 
"pay-to-play" laws, regulations or policies 
that prohibit, restrict or require disclosure of payments to (and/or certain 
contacts with) state officials by individuals and 
entities seeking to do business with state entities, including investments 
by public retirement plans. The SEC has also 
adopted rules that, among other things, prohibit an investment adviser from 
providing advisory services for compensation 
with respect to a government plan investor for two years after such 
investment adviser or certain of its executives or 
employees make a contribution to certain elected officials or candidates. If 
the Manager, the U.S. Adviser, Credit Suisse 
Asset Management Limited (in its capacity as the placement agent) or their 
respective affiliates fail to comply with such 
pay-to-play laws, regulations or policies, such non-compliance could have an 
adverse effect on the Fund. 
Forward looking information 
This Memorandum and other materials prepared and provided to the Investor in 
connection with the marketing of the 
Interests may contain projections, forecasts, targeted returns, illustrative 
returns, estimates, objectives, beliefs and 
similar information. Forward looking information is provided for 
illustrative purposes only and is not intended to serve as, 
and must not be relied upon by any Investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a 
prediction or a definitive statement of fact 
or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible 
to predict and will differ from assumptions. 
Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Fund. 
Some important factors that could cause 
actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking 
information include changes in interest rates and 
changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and 
legal conditions. The performance of the Fund 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398054
--- PAGE 256 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 7: Risk Factors 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
may be materially different from the forward looking information. 
THE FOREGOING LIST OF RISK FACTORS DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE OR 
CONCLUSIVE 
EXAMINATION OF THE RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS SHOULD 
READ THIS MEMORANDUM IN ITS ENTIRETY AND ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR 
PROFESSIONAL 
ADVISERS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO INVEST IN THE FUND. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398055
--- PAGE 257 ---
Greg Martin 
G endower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398056
--- PAGE 258 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Conflicts of Interest 
General 
Investors should be aware that there will be situations where the Manager 
and its affiliates may encounter potential 
conflicts of interest in connection with the Fund's investment activities. 
The following discussion details certain potential 
conflicts of interest that should be carefully considered before making an 
investment in the Fund. By acquiring an Interest 
and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Investor will be 
deemed to have acknowledged the existence 
of any such actual and potential conflicts of interest and to have waived 
any claim with respect to any liability arising from 
the existence of any such conflict of interest. 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify and manage all such 
conflicts of interest. The General Partner 
and the Manager will consult with the Fund Advisory Committee with respect 
to material issues involving actual or 
potential significant conflicts of interest, methods of valuation and 
certain other matters in accordance with the Fund 
Partnership Agreement, unless the General Partner and the Manager have been 
advised by counsel that disclosure of 
such potential or actual conflict of interest is, or may reasonably be, 
prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons (in which 
case, where the conflict cannot be satisfactorily resolved, the applicable 
transaction may not be consummated). 
The following non-exhaustive discussion sets forth certain potential 
conflicts of interest. In the Fund Documents, 
Investors will be required to acknowledge and consent to the existence of 
the conflicts of interest described. 
Conflicts among certain Investors 
Investors may have conflicting investment, tax and other interests with 
respect to their investments in the Fund. As a 
consequence and in connection with decisions made by the Fund, including 
with respect to the nature or structuring of 
investments, decisions may be more beneficial for one Investor than for 
another Investor, especially with respect to 
particular tax situations of the Investors. In selecting and structuring 
investments appropriate for the Fund, the Manager 
will consider the investment and tax objectives of the Fund and the 
Investors as a whole, not the investment, tax or other 
objectives of any specific Investor. 
Broken deal expenses and abort fees 
Any broken deal expenses or abort fees relating to any investment 
opportunity that is not consummated will be allocated 
entirely to the Fund and not to any other co-investor unless such co-
investor has agreed otherwise. 
Investment by members of the management team 
Partners and employees of the Manager and the U.S. Adviser may invest 
EFTA01398057
--- PAGE 259 ---
personal funds directly or indirectly into the 
Fund or through other parallel investment entities. As such, their decisions 
may be influenced by the presence of their 
investment, and may not be completely unbiased. 
Carried Interest 
The entitlement of certain partners and employees of the Manager and the 
U.S. Adviser to receive the economic benefit 
of the Carried Interest received by the Special Limited Partner may create 
an incentive for the Manager to make more 
speculative investments on behalf of the Fund than it would otherwise make 
in the absence of such Carried Interest. The 
existence of Carried Interest and its tax treatment may result in conflicts 
of interest between the Manager and Investors 
with respect to the management and disposition of investments and the 
determination of the order, timing and amount of 
distributions by the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398058
--- PAGE 260 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 8: Conflicts of Interest 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The fact that the Carried Interest is linked to the performance of the Fund 
may create an incentive for the Manager to 
cause the Fund to make investments that are more speculative than would be 
the case in the absence of 
performance-based compensation, or to take action that may increase the 
short-term, as opposed to long-term, value of 
investments. 
Fund Advisory Committee 
The Fund will be dependent on the Manager to identify conflicts of interest. 
A Fund Advisory Committee will be 
established comprising representatives of certain Investors selected by the 
Manager. 
The Manager intends to consult the Fund Advisory Committee, as appropriate, 
with respect to material issues involving 
actual or potential conflicts of interest between the interests of the Fund 
and the Manager and its affiliates (unless the 
General Partner or the Manager has been advised by counsel that disclosure 
of such conflicts or potential conflicts is, or 
is reasonably likely to be, prohibited for regulatory or legal reasons, in 
which case, where the conflict cannot be 
satisfactorily resolved, the applicable transaction may not be consummated). 
The Fund Advisory Committee will be 
comprised of members representing specific Investors and will not owe any 
duties to other Investors, whether individually 
or as a group. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398059
--- PAGE 261 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398060
--- PAGE 262 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398061
--- PAGE 263 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
The AIFMD73 
Valuation 
The Manager has decided that the nature of the investments that will be held 
by the Fund is such that there is no need 
for an external valuer. The Fund's valuations will be prepared in accordance 
with the UK AIFM Regulation on a fair value 
principle, based on U.S. GAAP and Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 
820 Fair Value Measurement. ASC 820 
establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes sources and valuation 
techniques. Accordingly, the Fund will be valued 
at an 'exit price' which is the value that would be received on selling the 
investment in an orderly transaction, between 
market participants at the measurement date. The Manager will establish a 
valuation committee (the "Valuation 
Committee") to perform an assessment of valuations provided by the relevant 
investment specialists, together with 
acquisition information that has been gathered to understand each individual 
Investment. Deirdre Davies, the Manager's 
Chief Operating Officer, chairs the Valuation Committee and is also 
responsible for the Manager's valuation policy and 
procedures. Ms. Davies is not responsible for the Manager's deal activity or 
portfolio management, is functionally 
independent from the Manager's portfolio management activities, and the 
Manager has put in place such measures as it 
considers reasonably necessary to mitigate conflicts of interest that may 
arise in connection with the valuation of the 
Fund's investments. Therefore, in the Manager's view, Ms. Davies has 
sufficient independence to oversee the valuation 
policy and procedures in accordance with the Manager's compliance 
obligations. The Valuation Committee members, its 
terms of reference and the Manager's valuation policy will be periodically 
assessed and internally audited to ensure 
compliance with the principles of the AIFMD. 
Fair treatment of Investors 
Please see Section 8: Conflicts of Interest for a summary of the policies 
established by the Manager in relation to 
conflicts of interest. In addition, as described more fully in Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions, the Manager 
has a clear and defined approach to side letter arrangements. Further, 
amendments to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
which would materially and adversely affect a Limited Partner in a way which 
discriminates against such Limited Partner 
vis-à-vis the other Limited Partners or increase the Commitment of a Limited 
Partner will require the consent of the 
affected Limited Partner. 
Liquidity management 
As the Fund is a "closed-ended AIF" (as defined in the AIFMD) and the 
EFTA01398062
--- PAGE 264 ---
Investors will not have any redemption rights in 
respect of their Interests, there is no meaningful liquidity risk to manage. 
Manager's professional liability risk 
Glendower holds a professional indemnity insurance policy. This insurance 
policy covers the professional indemnity 
insurance requirements of the AIFMD in respect of Glendower acting as the 
Fund's AIFM. 
Governing law and legal implications of the contractual relationship 
The Fund will be an English limited partnership, registered under the 
Limited Partnerships Act 1907 and designated as a 
The Manager may provide further information as required under article 23 
of the AIFMD in a supplement to this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398063
--- PAGE 265 ---
Greg Martin 
ec ion 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"private fund limited partnership". The Fund Partnership Agreement will be 
governed by English law and all parties to the 
agreement will irrevocably agree that the courts of England and Wales have 
non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Fund Partnership 
Agreement and the documents to be entered 
into pursuant to it. 
Investors will offer to subscribe for Interests pursuant to a deed of 
adherence governed by the laws of England and 
Wales and all parties to the deed of adherence will irrevocably agree that 
the courts of England and Wales have nonexclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection 
with the deed of adherence. 
Investors whose offers to subscribe for Interests are accepted by the 
General Partner and the Manager will become 
limited partners in an English private fund limited partnership and will 
become party to the Fund Partnership Agreement 
constituting the Fund. Investors' interests in the Fund will be as limited 
partners and will not be certificated but will be 
recorded on the register of limited partners maintained by the Fund. 
Investors will have no opportunity to control the dayto-day 
operations of the Fund, including investment and disposition decisions. 
A judgment of a non-English court will create an obligation that is 
actionable in England. To enforce that obligation, an 
Investor would need to commence proceedings in the courts of England, in 
which the judgment is sued upon as a debt. 
For a foreign judgment to be recognized by the English courts it must, inter 
alia, be final and conclusive in the court 
which pronounced it, it must have been given by a court regarded by English 
law as competent to do so, its recognition 
must not be contrary to public policy, and it must not have been obtained by 
fraud. 
Collateral and Asset Reuse Arrangements 
The Fund may employ collateral and asset reuse arrangements and will 
disclose such arrangements to the Limited 
Partners in accordance with the "Periodic disclosure" paragraph below. 
Leverage 
The Fund may incur "leverage" within the meaning of the AIFMD.74 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "gross method" (article 7 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 231/2013 (the "Delegated 
Regulation")) shall be: 400%. 
The maximum level of leverage to be employed by the Fund, calculated in 
accordance with the "commitment method" 
(article 8 of the Delegated Regulation) shall be: 300%. 
To the extent the maximum level of leverage permitted by the Fund changes, 
then the Manager will disclose such 
arrangements to the Limited Partners in accordance with the "Periodic 
EFTA01398064
--- PAGE 266 ---
disclosure" paragraph below. 
Periodic disclosure 
The information in respect of the Fund required to be disclosed pursuant to 
Article 23(4) and (5) of the AIFMD will be 
made available to each Limited Partner as follows: 
(a) 
The percentage of the Fund's assets which 
are subject to special arrangements arising 
from their illiquid nature. 
(b) 
Any new arrangements for managing the 
liquidity of the Fund. 
Not applicable. 
Unlikely to arise but in the event that there are 
any new arrangements, without undue delay in 
a disclosure notice delivered to each Limited 
See Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for a description of how 
the Fund may incur leverage. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398065
--- PAGE 267 ---
reg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Partner. 
(c) 
The current risk profile of the Fund and the 
risk management systems employed by the 
Manager to manage those risks. 
(d) 
Any changes to the maximum level of 
leverage which the Manager may employ 
on behalf of the Fund as well as any right of 
the reuse of collateral or any guarantee 
granted under the leveraging arrangement. 
(e) 
The total amount of leverage employed by 
the Fund. 
In each annual report. 
Without undue delay in a disclosure notice 
delivered to each Limited Partner. 
In each annual report. 
Net Asset Value and Historical Performance of the Fund 
No Investors have been admitted to the Fund. Accordingly, (a) there is no 
net asset value of the Fund, (b) the Fund has 
made no investments, so there is no information to disclose about the 
historical performance of the Fund, and (c) there is 
no annual report in respect of the Fund. 
Prime Broker 
The Fund has not engaged, and the Manager does not anticipate that the Fund 
will engage, a prime broker. 
The Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited (the "Depositary") has been retained 
by the Manager to perform the depositary 
function pursuant to Article 21 of the AIFMD in respect of the Fund, 
including monitoring cash flows of the Fund, verifying 
the ownership of assets and making custody arrangements for the safekeeping 
of any custodial assets and overseeing 
the operations of the Fund. 
The Depositary may, with the prior written consent of the Manager, delegate 
any part of its duties under the depositary 
agreement to third parties. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the 
Depositary does not owe any duty to any Limited 
Partner or the Limited Partners as a group in connection with its retention 
as the Fund's depositary. 
With respect to safekeeping (to the extent it is required), the Depositary 
may delegate its duties to one or more third party 
custodians. It is expected that such third party custodians will be able to 
provide safekeeping in any relevant jurisdiction 
where it is required. 
Neither the Depositary, nor any third party custodian to whom safekeeping is 
delegated, shall have a right of re-use of 
EFTA01398066
--- PAGE 268 ---
any of the Fund's assets. 
The Depositary has restricted its liability. In particular, the Depositary 
will not be liable to the Fund, the Manager, the 
Limited Partners or the General Partner under or in connection with the 
depositary agreement, save to the extent that 
such liability arises as a result of the Depositary's gross negligence, 
wilful default, fraud, a material breach of the 
depositary agreement or a material breach of applicable law. 
The fees of the Depositary, and any costs associated with the appointment of 
the Depositary, will constitute expenses of 
the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398067
--- PAGE 269 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Securities Law Matters 
Securities Act of 1933 
The Interests described herein will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any other U.S. or non-U.S. securities 
laws, including state securities or blue sky laws. Interests will be offered 
and sold without registration in reliance upon 
the exemption for transactions not involving a public offering contained in 
the Securities Act and/or Regulation D or 
Regulation S promulgated thereunder and generally will be sold in the U.S. 
only to U.S. Investors who are accredited 
investors, as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. 
Each Investor will be required to make customary private placement 
representations, including that such Investor is 
acquiring an Interest for its own account, for investment and not with a 
view to resale or distribution. Further, each 
Investor must be prepared to bear the risk of an investment in the Interests 
for an indefinite period of time, since the 
Interests may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the 
Securities Act and any applicable state or nonU.S. 
securities laws pursuant to registration or an exemption therefrom. It is 
extremely unlikely that the Interests will ever 
be registered under the Securities Act. 
Under Rule 506(e) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act, the 
General Partner is required to furnish to 
each purchaser of interests a description of any matters that would have 
triggered disqualification under paragraph (d)(1) 
of Rule 506 of Regulation D but occurred before the rule's effective date, 
September 23, 2013, including as a result of 
such matters associated with a placement agent engaged by the General 
Partner with respect to the offering of interests. 
The following is a description of such matters that relate to Credit Suisse: 
"In September 2008, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC ("CSSU") reached an 
agreement with the 
New York State Attorney General's Office and the North American Securities 
Administrators 
Association Task Force to settle investigations concerning investment 
products generally known as 
"auction rate securities." Pursuant to that agreement and with CSSU's 
consent, a number of state 
securities regulators issued final orders against CSSU for engaging in 
dishonest or unethical conduct 
related to the marketing and sale of auction rate securities and failure to 
supervise reasonably. Under 
the terms of the settlement agreement, CSSU agreed to repurchase up to $550 
million of auction rate 
securities held by certain investors and pay civil penalties of $15 million. 
Under the settlement 
agreement, CSSU neither admits nor denies wrongdoing." 
EFTA01398068
--- PAGE 270 ---
In addition, the following is a description of such matters that relate to 
Raymond James & Associates, Inc. or Raymond 
James Financial Services, Inc. Raymond James will also serve as placement 
agent with respect to the offering of certain 
interests: 
"Beginning in 2011, Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and Raymond James 
Financial Services, Inc. 
(collectively "Raymond James") settled with most of the states, Puerto Rico, 
the Virgin Islands, and the 
District of Columbia allegations that they failed to supervise and/or 
engaged in dishonest or unethical 
practices (or substantially equivalent non-fraud based terms under relevant 
state statutes) related to 
the sale of auction rate securities. The basis of the allegations was that 
Raymond James offered and 
sold to some of their customers auction rate securities while not accurately 
characterizing or while 
failing to adequately disclose the true nature and risks associated with 
these investments. Although 
Raymond James' auction rate securities trade confirmations disclosed the 
risk that auction rate 
securities auctions could fail and that Raymond James were not obliged to 
ensure their success, at the 
point-of-sale, some of Raymond James' financial advisers inaccurately 
described auction rate 
securities. As a condition of the settlement, Raymond James offered to 
purchase eligible auction rate 
securities from eligible customers and to pay fines. Raymond James have 
completed all undertakings 
required under the settlement orders. Under the settlement orders, Raymond 
James neither admit nor 
deny wrongdoing." 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398069
--- PAGE 271 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
In connection with any acquisition or beneficial ownership by the Fund of 
more than 5% of any class of the equity 
securities of a company registered under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), 
the Fund may be required to make certain filings with the SEC. Generally, 
these filings require disclosure of the identity 
and background of the purchaser, the source and amount of funds used to 
acquire the securities, the purpose of the 
transaction, the purchaser's interest in the securities, and any contracts, 
arrangements or undertakings regarding the 
securities. In certain circumstances, the Fund may be required to aggregate 
its investment position in a given portfolio 
company with the beneficial ownership of that company's securities by or on 
behalf of the General Partner or the 
Manager and their respective affiliates, which could require the Fund, 
together with such other parties, to make certain 
disclosure filings or otherwise restrict the Fund's activities with respect 
to such portfolio company securities. 
Also, if the Fund becomes the beneficial owner of more than 10% of any class 
of the equity securities of a company 
registered under the Exchange Act or places a director on the board of 
directors of such a company, the Fund may be 
subject to certain additional reporting requirements and to liability for 
short-swing profits under Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act. The Fund intends to manage its investments so as to avoid the 
short-swing profit liability provisions of 
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 
It is anticipated that the Fund, being an entity organized outside the U.S. 
and not intending to make a public offering of its 
securities in the U.S., will not be required to register under the 
Investment Company Act. In order to ensure that the 
Fund will not be subject to the registration requirements of the Investment 
Company Act, the Fund will rely on the 
exemptions contained in the Investment Company Act, including but not 
limited to Section 3(c)(7) thereof. Section 
3(c)(7) excludes from the definition of investment company issuers whose 
outstanding securities are owned exclusively 
by "qualified purchasers," as defined under the Investment Company Act. 
Section 3(c)(7) has been interpreted by the 
staff of the SEC in respect of a non-U.S. fund, such as the Fund, to require 
that only the U.S. Investors therein must be 
qualified purchasers. The Fund will obtain appropriate representations and 
undertakings from U.S. Investors to ensure 
that the conditions of these exemptions are met. 
Offers and sales of Interests will therefore only be offered (i) outside the 
U.S. to Investors other than U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and U.S. residents in 
EFTA01398070
--- PAGE 272 ---
offshore transactions that meet the requirements 
of Regulation S under the Securities Act (an "Eligible Non-U.S. Investor") 
or (ii) to Investors whose participation would 
not require the Fund to register as an investment company pursuant to 
Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act 
(an "Eligible U.S. Investor") (Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. 
Investors, together, "Eligible Investors"). 
Offers to purchase, and subsequent transfers of Interests, will be subject 
to certain restrictions, and an Investor's ability 
to resell its Interest may therefore be limited. Sales and transfers that 
would require the Fund to be registered as an 
investment company under the Investment Company Act will be void ab initio 
and will not be honored by the Manager. 
The Manager has the right at any time, at the expense and risk of the holder 
of an Interest held by or on behalf of a U.S. 
person who is not an Eligible U.S. Investor at the time it purchases such 
Interest, to require the transfer of such Interests, 
in whole or in part, to an Eligible Investor in order to permit the Fund to 
avoid registration under the Investment Company 
Act. 
U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940 
The Manager is not registered as an investment adviser under the U.S. 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act"). The 
Manager expects that the U.S. Adviser will be a registered investment 
adviser under the Advisers Act; however, under 
applicable guidance from the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), 
only certain provisions of the Advisers 
Act will apply to the Manager's and the U.S. Adviser's relationship with the 
Fund since the Fund is not expected to be a 
"United States person" (as such term is defined under the Advisers Act). 
Registration as an investment adviser under the 
Advisers Act by the U.S. Adviser does not imply any specific level of skill 
or training nor does it imply any endorsement, 
approval or certification of the U.S. Adviser by the SEC. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398071
--- PAGE 273 ---
Greg Martin 
ection : Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936 
Each of the Manager and the General Partner is exempt from registration with 
the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") and is not registered with the CFTC as a commodity 
pool operator ("CPO"), pursuant to an 
exemption under CFTC Regulation Section 4.13(a)(3) for pools (a) whose 
interests are exempt from registration under 
the Securities Act and are offered and sold without marketing to the public 
in the U.S., (b) whose participants are limited 
to accredited investors and (c) whose investments in commodity interest 
positions are limited such that either (1) the 
aggregate initial margin, premiums, and required minimum deposit for retail 
forex transactions (as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 5.1(m)) required to establish such positions, determined 
at the time of the most recently established 
position, does not exceed 5% of the liquidation value of the pool's 
portfolio, after taking into account unrealized profits 
and unrealized losses on any such positions it has entered into, provided, 
that, in the case of an option that is in-themoney 
at the time of purchase, the in-the-money amount as defined in CFTC 
Regulation Section 190.01(x) may be 
excluded in computing such 5% or (2) an aggregate net notional value of such 
positions, determined at the time of the 
most recently established position, does not exceed 100% of the liquidation 
value of the pool's portfolio, after taking into 
account unrealized profits and unrealized losses on any such positions it 
has entered into. Therefore, unlike a registered 
CPO, neither the General Partner nor the Manager is required to deliver a 
disclosure document (as defined in the CFTC 
Regulations) and a certified annual report to investors 
The CFTC does not pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon 
the adequacy or accuracy of an offering 
Memorandum. Consequently, the CFTC has not reviewed or approved this 
offering or this Memorandum. 
Certain ERISA Considerations 
ERISA governs the investment of the assets of certain employee benefit plans 
that may be investors in a limited 
partnership. ERISA and the rules and regulations of the U.S. Department of 
Labor ("DOL") under ERISA contain 
provisions that should be considered by fiduciaries of those plans and their 
legal advisers. 
Fiduciary duty 
In considering an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should consider 
their basic fiduciary duty under Section 404 of 
ERISA, which requires them to discharge their investment duties prudently 
and solely in the interest of the plan 
participants and beneficiaries. 
Before authorizing an investment in the Fund, plan fiduciaries should 
consider, among other things: (i) the fiduciary 
EFTA01398072
--- PAGE 274 ---
standards under ERISA, (ii) whether the investment in the Fund satisfies the 
prudence and diversification requirements 
of ERISA, including whether the investment is prudent in light of 
limitations on the marketability of the Interests, (iii) 
whether such fiduciaries have authority to make the investment under the 
appropriate plan investment policies and 
governing instrument and under Title I of ERISA, and (iv) whether the 
investment will give rise to a "prohibited 
transaction" within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the "Code"). In analyzing the prudence of an investment in the 
Fund, special attention should be given to the 
DOL regulation on investment duties (29 C.F.R. Section 2550.404a-1). 
Plan assets 
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the DOL, when a plan covered by ERISA 
acquires an equity interest (such as 
the Interests) in an entity (such as the Fund) that is neither a "publicly 
offered security" nor a security issued by an 
investment company registered under the Investment 
of the ERISA plan generally include not 
only such equity interest, but also an undivided 
underlying assets of such entity, unless it is 
established that: (i) ownership of each class of 
entity by "Benefit Plan Investors" (as defined 
below) has a value in the aggregate of less than 
such class of equity interest then outstanding, 
determined on the date of the most recent acquisition of any equity interest 
in the entity in accordance with the DOL 
regulations as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the "25% Test"), or (ii) 
the entity is an "operating company," including 
a "venture capital operating company." The term Benefit Plan Investor means: 
(i) an "employee benefit plan" within the 
meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to part 4 of Title I of 
ERISA, (ii) a "plan, account or arrangement" within 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
Company Act, the assets 
interest in each of the 
equity interest in the 
25% of the total value of 
EFTA01398073
--- PAGE 275 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
the meaning of and subject to Section 4975 of the Code, and (iii) any entity 
whose underlying assets include "plan 
assets" by reason of a plan's investment in such entity (e.g., an entity of 
which 25% or more of the value of any class of 
equity interests is held by benefit plan investors and which does not 
satisfy any exception under the DOL regulations). 
An entity will be considered a Benefit Plan Investor only to the extent of 
the percentage of its equity interests that are 
held by Benefit Plan Investors. Under the 25% Test, the value of equity 
interests held by a person (other than a Benefit 
Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the assets of the entity or that provides 
investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets 
(or an affiliate of such person ) is disregarded. 
The Manager will use reasonable best efforts to operate the Fund in 
compliance with the 25% Test so that the 
investments of the Fund do not constitute "plan assets" for purposes of 
ERISA. In this connection, the Manager will limit 
acquisitions, transfers and withdrawals by Investors, and may require the 
withdrawal of any Investor that is a Benefit Plan 
Investor. 
Form 5500 
Plan administrators of Investors that are subject to ERISA may be required 
to report on Form 5500 Annual Return/Report 
compensation paid to the Manager and the General Partner. The descriptions 
of fees and compensation contained 
herein, and in the descriptions of the priority profit share and carried 
interest set forth in Section 6: Summary of Terms 
and Conditions above are intended to satisfy the disclosure requirements for 
"eligible indirect compensation" for which 
the alternative reporting option on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available. 
Investors such as pension funds that are subject to the provisions of ERISA 
should consult with their counsel 
and advisers as to the provisions of ERISA applicable to an investment in 
the Fund. 
Certain Tax Considerations 
Certain U.S. federal income tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Fund and 
does not purport to address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences 
that may be applicable to any particular 
Investor. For example, except as expressly described below, the discussion 
does not address the tax consequences of 
the disposition of an interest in the Fund. This discussion is based on 
laws, including the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "Code"), regulations and other authorities in effect 
as of the date of this Memorandum, all of 
which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The U.S. 
EFTA01398074
--- PAGE 276 ---
federal income taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among other things, significant 
issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Prospective investors are urged to consult 
their own tax advisers prior to investing in 
the Fund with respect to their particular tax situations, including, in the 
case of Investors subject to special rules under 
U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, dealers in securities, life 
insurance companies, tax-exempt Investors and 
non-U.S. Investors), with reference to any special issues that investment in 
the Fund may raise for such persons. The 
activities of an Investor unrelated to such Investor's status as an Investor 
in the Fund may affect the tax consequences to 
such Investor of an investment in the Fund. 
Treatment as partnership. The Manager intends that the Fund be treated as a 
partnership for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. As a partnership, the Fund will generally not be subject to U.S 
federal income tax. Instead, each Investor 
that is subject to U.S. tax will be required to take into account its 
distributive share, whether or not distributed, of each 
item of the Fund's income, gain, loss, deduction or credit It is possible 
that in any year, an Investor's tax liability arising 
from the Fund could exceed the distributions made by the Fund to such 
Investor. The Fund will provide such Investors 
with the information with respect to the operations of the Fund necessary to 
file their U.S. federal income tax returns. 
However, Investors may not receive such information prior to when their tax 
return reporting obligations become due and 
may need to file for extensions. 
Partnership audit rules. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 implemented new 
partnership audit procedures under 
which the Fund or the Investors may have potential tax liability in the 
event of an adjustment imposed as a result of a tax 
audit by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") (such audit 
procedures, the "Partnership Audit Rules"). For 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398075
--- PAGE 277 ---
Greg Martin 
ection : Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
taxable years beginning on or after January 1, 2018, an audit resulting in 
an adjustment to any item of the Fund's 
income, gain, loss, deduction or credit (or adjustment of the allocation of 
any such items among the Partners), and any 
tax (including interest and penalties) attributable to such adjustment, may 
be determined and collected at the Fund level 
in the year of such adjustment. In that event, under the Fund Partnership 
Agreement, the Fund will allocate such tax 
among the Partners as determined by the Manager, and each Partner may be 
required to contribute to the Fund (which 
contribution shall not be treated as an advance and will not reduce such 
Partner's undrawn Commitment) the amount of 
such tax allocated to it. As a result, a Partner may bear liability for the 
adjustment in an amount that exceeds the taxes 
that the Partner (or its predecessor in interest) would have paid if the 
adjustment had been applied at the partner level. 
Alternatively, the Manager may elect to send an adjusted Schedule K-1 to 
each person who was a Partner in the taxable 
year reviewed on audit (the "Push-Out Election"). In that event, each such 
person (whether a current or former Partner) 
may elect to pay any resulting tax (including interest and penalties) or, in 
the case of a person that is itself treated as a 
partnership or other flow-through vehicle for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, such person may further push out the 
adjustment to the next tier of partners. Non-U.S. Investors may be required 
to file U.S. tax returns as a result of a PushOut 
Election. Under the Push-Out Election, the interest rate for any resulting 
underpayments of taxes in the case of 
individuals and certain other Partners will be higher than would otherwise 
be the case. There is some uncertainty 
regarding the interpretation and implementation of these partnership audit 
procedures. 
No dividends received deduction. Investors that are U.S. corporations will 
not be eligible for the dividends received 
deduction with respect to dividends received by the Fund (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) from non-U.S. 
corporations. 
Passive foreign investment companies. The Fund may invest (including 
indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in nonU.S. 
corporations treated as "passive foreign investment companies" ("PFICs"). A 
U.S. Investor's share of certain 
distributions from a PFIC and gain from the disposition by the Fund of an 
interest in a PFIC or in a Fund Secondary that 
holds an interest in a PFIC could be subject to a substantial interest 
charge and could be characterized as ordinary 
income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. If a U.S. Investor 
(or, in the case of a U.S. Fund Secondary, such 
U.S. Fund Secondary) makes a "qualified electing fund" ("QEF") election with 
EFTA01398076
--- PAGE 278 ---
respect to a PFIC, the U.S. Investor would 
in general be required to include in income annually its share of the PFIC's 
current income and net capital gains (losses 
are not currently deductible), but would avoid the interest charge and 
ordinary income treatment described above. A QEF 
election may affect the timing, character and amount of income recognized by 
a U.S. Investor, and in particular may 
result in a U.S. Investor recognizing income subject to tax prior to the 
receipt by the Fund of any distributable proceeds. 
There can be no assurance that a QEF election will be available with respect 
to any PFIC in which the Fund directly or 
indirectly invests. U.S. Investors may be required to file an annual report 
with respect to any PFIC in which the Fund 
invests (including indirectly through a Fund Secondary). 
Controlled foreign corporations. The Fund may invest (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) in non-U.S. 
corporations treated as "controlled foreign corporations" ("CFCs"). A U.S. 
Investor could have current inclusions of 
certain undistributed income of a CFC under certain circumstances. 
Furthermore, gain from the disposition by the Fund 
of an interest in a CFC or in a Fund Secondary that holds an interest in a 
CFC could be characterized as a dividend or 
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain) in whole or in part. 
Certain transactions. The Fund may acquire (including indirectly through 
Fund Secondaries) certain debt obligations, 
preferred stock and other types of investments that generate taxable income 
to the Investors without a corresponding 
cash distribution. The Fund may engage (including indirectly through Fund 
Secondaries) in hedging, foreign currency 
and derivative transactions that may have special timing, character and 
source rules for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Restrictions on deductibility of expenses and other losses. It is 
anticipated that the Fund's expenses (including the 
General Partner's Share) generally will be investment expenses treated as 
miscellaneous itemized deductions, rather 
than trade or business expenses, with the result that any individual who is 
an Investor (either directly or through an 
Investor that is a partnership or other pass-through entity) will not be 
permitted to claim a U.S. federal income tax 
deduction for such expenses for taxable years beginning before January 1, 
2026, and thereafter may be limited in his or 
her ability to claim a U.S. federal income tax deduction for such expenses. 
In the case of investments in entities treated 
as partnerships or as disregarded from their owners for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes and that are engaged in trade 
or business ("Operating Partnerships"), the "passive activity loss" rules, 
the "at-risk" rules and the limitation on "excess 
business losses" could limit the deductibility of losses derived from such 
investments and the portion of the Fund's 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398077
--- PAGE 279 ---
EFTA01398078
--- PAGE 280 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
expenses allocable to such investments. The Fund may deduct organizational 
expenses rateably over 15 years, or it 
may elect to capitalize such expenses. No deduction is allowed for offering 
expenses, including placement fees. A noncorporate 
taxpayer is not permitted to deduct "investment interest" expense in excess 
of "net investment income." This 
limitation could apply to limit the deductibility of interest paid by a non-
corporate Investor on indebtedness incurred to 
finance such investor's investment in the Fund or the deductibility of such 
investor's share of interest expense (if any) of 
the Fund. In addition, deductions for "business interest" may be subject to 
further limitations. Deductions and losses 
arising from an investment in the Fund may also be limited or disallowed 
under other rules. 
Qualified business income deduction. While certain non-corporate Investors 
may be able to deduct a portion of any 
"qualified business income" arising from certain trades or businesses held 
by the Fund, which may include investments in 
Operating Partnerships, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026, 
the rules in respect of such deduction are 
uncertain and complex. No assurance can be provided that the Fund will make 
investments eligible for such deduction 
or, if the Fund does make any such investment, that the Fund will be able to 
provide information necessary for such 
Investor to benefit from such deduction. 
ERISA plans and other tax-exempt limited partners. 
Certain organizations generally exempt from U.S. federal 
income tax, including ERISA plans, are subject to the tax on unrelated 
business taxable income ("UBTI"). UBTI arises 
primarily as income from an unrelated trade or business regularly carried 
on, income from property as to which there is 
acquisition indebtedness, and certain insurance income received from or 
attributable to CFCs. It may not be possible to 
net profits and losses arising from unrelated Operating Partnerships for 
purposes of calculating UBTI. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, the Fund may make 
investments (such as in Operating Partnerships) that will generate UBTI, 
including indirectly through Fund Secondaries. 
In addition, the Fund may (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) 
borrow money within certain limits or acquire 
property as to which there is acquisition indebtedness, including as a 
result of an investment in a Fund Secondary, which 
may generate UBTI. It is also possible that reductions in the General 
Partner's Share resulting from the receipt of fees 
by the Manager or its affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor 
in respect of such fees, would be taxed as UBTI 
to tax-exempt Investors. If sufficient interest is indicated by potential 
EFTA01398079
--- PAGE 281 ---
tax-exempt Investors, the Fund may offer a 
"blocker" structure through which such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
Non-U.S. Investors. Below is a discussion of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations applicable to a nonresident 
alien individual or non-U.S. corporation that is considering an investment 
in the Fund and does not purport to 
address all of the U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. This 
discussion does not address the tax consequences of investing in the Fund to 
non-U.S. Investors subject to special rules 
under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as non-U.S. governments, trusts, 
former U.S. citizens or residents, and 
individual non-U.S. Investors that have a "tax home" in the U.S. Non-U.S. 
Investors are urged to consult with their own 
tax advisers with reference to their specific tax situations. The discussion 
assumes that a non-U.S. Investor is not and 
will not be engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., has and will 
have no U.S. source income, apart from its 
investment in the Fund, and in the case of a non-U.S. individual, has not 
been (and will not be) present in the U.S. for 
183 days or more in any taxable year. 
Interest, dividends, etc. A non-U.S. Investor is subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax at the rate of 30% (or a lower treaty 
rate, if applicable) on its distributive share of any U.S. source interest 
(subject to certain exemptions), dividends and 
certain other income received by the Fund. 
Effectively connected income. In general, a non-U.S. person that invests in 
a partnership that is (directly or through 
entities treated as disregarded from their owners or as partnerships for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes) "engaged in 
trade or business within the United States" is itself considered to be 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S. and is 
subject to U.S. federal income tax (including, possibly, in the case of a 
non-U.S. corporation, the "branch profits" tax), 
withholding and income tax return filing requirements with respect to its 
income effectively connected (or treated as 
effectively connected) with the U.S. trade or business ("ECI"). A non-U.S. 
person that fails to file a timely U.S. federal 
income tax return in respect of its ECI may subsequently be precluded from 
claiming deductions related to the ECI and 
may be subject to interest and penalties. 
The Manager anticipates that, in order for the Fund to pursue certain 
investment opportunities, it may (including indirectly 
through Fund Secondaries) make investments (such as investments in certain 
Operating Partnerships) that will generate 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398080
--- PAGE 282 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
ECI. In the case of an investment in an Operating Partnership that is 
engaged in trade or business within the U.S., the 
following will be considered ECI to a non-U.S. Investor: 
• 
the non-U.S. Investor's share of the items of income, 
and credit derived by the Operating 
Partnership from a U.S. trade or business 
determined under U.S. federal income 
tax rules (including interest allocation 
U.S. persons (which may produce a 
result different from merely applying 
Investor's share of the net income of 
Operating Partnership); and 
• 
(whether or 
gain, loss, deduction 
not distributed) as 
rules) generally applicable to 
U.S. tax rates to the non-U.S. 
the 
non-
the non-U.S. Investor's share of any gain realized by the Fund upon the 
disposition of the Operating 
Partnership, and any gain realized by the non-U.S. Investor upon the 
disposition of and interest in the Fund, in 
each case, to the extent attributable to such non-U.S. Investor's share of 
any gain inherent in the Operating 
Partnership's U.S. trade or business and U.S. real property interests. 
It is also possible that reductions in the General Partner's Share resulting 
from the receipt of fees by the Manager or its 
affiliates, or the receipt of payment by an Investor in respect of such 
fees, would be considered ECI to non-U.S. 
Investors. 
A non-U.S. Investor is subject to tax on its allocable share of ECI at a 
rate of 21% for a non-U.S. corporation and a 
maximum rate of 37% for a non-U.S. individual. In addition, if any portion 
of such non-U.S. Investor's gain upon a 
disposition of an interest in the Fund would be treated as ECI, the proceeds 
of such disposition generally will be subject 
to U.S. federal withholding tax at a rate of 10% of the amount realized. It 
is possible that in any given year the tax 
withheld on ECI with respect to a non-U.S. Investor may be in excess of that 
Investor's U.S. federal income tax liability 
for the year. In such event, the non-U.S. Investor would be entitled to a 
refund of the overpayment. 
A non-U.S. corporate Investor may also be subject to the 30% branch profits 
tax on its ECI. The branch profits tax is a 
tax on the "dividend equivalent amount" of a non-U.S. corporation, which is 
approximately equal to the amount of the 
corporation's earnings and profits attributable to ECI that is not treated 
as reinvested in the U.S. The effect of the branch 
profits tax is to increase the maximum U.S. federal income tax rate on ECI 
for a non-U.S. corporate Investor from 21% to 
44.7%. Some U.S. income tax treaties provide exemptions from, or reduced 
rates of, the branch profits tax for "qualified 
EFTA01398081
--- PAGE 283 ---
residents" of the treaty country. The branch profits tax is payable by the 
non-U.S. Investor and not collected by way of 
withholding. 
If sufficient interest is indicated by potential non-U.S. Investors, the 
Fund may offer a "blocker" structure through which 
such Investors may invest in the Fund. 
U.S. real property holding corporations. 
If the Fund were to invest (including indirectly through Fund Secondaries) in 
stock or certain other securities of a U.S. corporation that constituted a 
"United States real property holding corporation" 
("USRPHC"), any gain or loss of a non-U.S. Investor from the disposition of 
such stock or securities would generally be 
required to be taken into account as if it were ECI, except that the branch 
profits tax does not apply. 
Certain reporting requirements; Reportable transactions. Certain U.S. 
Investors may be required to file Form 8865, 
Return of U.S. Persons With Respect to Certain Foreign Partnerships, 
reporting transfers of cash or other property to the 
Fund and information relating to the Fund, including information relating to 
the Investor's Interest and allocations of the 
items of Fund income, gains, losses, deductions and credits to the Investor 
and, in some circumstances, the names and 
addresses of certain of the other Investors. A U.S. Investor may be required 
to file Form 926, Return by a U.S. 
Transferor of Property to a Foreign Corporation, reporting certain transfers 
of cash or other property to foreign 
corporations. In addition, certain U.S. Investors may be required to 
disclose on Form 8938, Statement of Specified 
Foreign Financial Assets, information with respect to their Interest. 
Investors that fail to comply with these reporting 
requirements may be subject to substantial penalties. 
If U.S. federal tax rules relating to "reportable transactions" are 
applicable to the Fund (or any of the transactions 
undertaken by the Fund, such as its investments), Investors that are 
required to file U.S. federal income tax returns (and, 
in some cases, certain direct and indirect interest holders of certain 
Investors) would be required to disclose to the IRS 
information relating to the Fund and its transactions, and to retain certain 
documents and other records related thereto. 
Although the Manager does not believe that the subscription for an Interest 
is a reportable transaction, there can be no 
assurance that the IRS will not take a contrary position. In addition, an 
Interest could become a reportable transaction 
for Investors in the future, for example, if the Fund generates certain 
types of losses that exceed prescribed thresholds or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398082
--- PAGE 284 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
if certain other events occur. It is also possible that a transaction 
undertaken by the Fund will be a reportable transaction 
for Investors. Substantial penalties may be imposed on taxpayers who fail to 
comply with these laws. 
In addition, other tax laws impose substantial excise taxes and additional 
reporting requirements and penalties on certain 
tax-exempt Investors (and, in some cases, the managers of tax-exempt 
Investors) that are, directly or in some cases 
indirectly, parties to certain types of reportable transactions. 
Certain U.S. state and local income tax considerations 
The foregoing discussion does not address the U.S. state and local tax 
consequences of an investment in the Fund. 
Investors may be subject to U.S. state and local taxation, and tax return 
filing requirements, in the jurisdictions of the 
Fund's activities or investments, particularly in the case of investments in 
Operating Partnerships. Investors may not 
receive the relevant tax information prior to when their tax return 
reporting obligations become due and may need to file 
for extensions. 
Investors are urged to consult their own tax advisers regarding U.S. state 
and local tax matters. 
Certain UK tax considerations 
The following is a discussion of certain UK taxation considerations relating 
to an investment in the Fund and does not 
purport to address all of the UK taxation considerations that may be 
applicable to any particular Investor. It is based on 
laws, regulations and other authorities in effect as of the date of this 
Memorandum, all of which are subject to change, 
possibly with retroactive effect. The UK taxation of partnerships and 
partners is extremely complex, involving, among 
other things, significant issues as to the character, timing of realization 
and sourcing of gains and losses. Investors 
should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as tax advice, and each 
Investor is urged to conduct its own due 
diligence, and consult with its professional advisers, with respect to the 
tax consequences of its investment in the Fund. 
Taxation of the fund. The Fund will be established as an English limited 
partnership to make private equity and equity 
related investments. The Fund has been structured and is intended to be 
operated so that it is treated as an investment 
partnership and not as carrying on a trade for UK tax purposes. These 
characteristics are important to the UK tax 
treatment of the Investors and the Fund. If the Fund conducts business such 
that it ceases to be one of making 
investments (or if any transaction were to be characterized as a trading 
rather than as an investment transaction), the tax 
treatment outlined here would not necessarily apply. 
The Fund should be treated for UK tax purposes as a partnership and the 
EFTA01398083
--- PAGE 285 ---
following summary is based on that 
assumption. HM Revenue & Customs will not treat the Fund as a separate 
taxable entity for UK income and capital 
gains tax purposes. Instead, the income and capital gains or losses of the 
Fund will be treated as those of the Investors 
as and when they arise. For this purpose, HM Revenue & Customs generally 
regards each Investor as owning a 
fractional share of each of the Fund's underlying assets in a way which 
reflects the Investor's profit-sharing ratio. Where 
a Fund Secondary Investment or GP-led Secondary Investment is itself treated 
as tax transparent for UK tax purposes 
(as in the case of a partnership), HM Revenue & Customs will generally look 
through that investment to its underlying 
assets. 
Each Investor will be solely responsible for paying the tax due on its own 
share of the Fund's income and gains. 
Investors will be required to include their share of such income and gains 
in their own tax returns. The Fund may be 
required to complete and file a partnership return to aid the assessment of 
the Investors. Any Investor may be required 
to provide such information as may reasonably be required to facilitate the 
assessment to income tax or corporation tax 
of any Investor liable to be so assessed. 
Investors who are not resident in the UK and who hold their Interest as part 
of a trade (e.g., financial traders, such as 
banks), may be treated as carrying on that part of that trade in the UK 
through a UK representative, which can be 
assessed to UK tax on the profits of such Investor. In those circumstances, 
the General Partner will be entitled to retain 
an amount equal to the Investor's liability to UK corporation tax or income 
tax and to submit such amounts to HM 
Revenue & Customs. 
It is likely that the Fund will be required to lodge an annual partnership 
tax return with HM Revenue & Customs although 
no tax should be payable by the Fund itself on any income or gain reported 
in such tax return. In order to lodge a tax 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398084
--- PAGE 286 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
return correctly and validly, HM Revenue & Customs may require the Fund to 
disclose the identity of each Investor and 
may also require the Fund to include in its tax return a unique taxpayer 
reference ("UTR") number for certain Investors. 
Prospective investors should, therefore, be aware that an investment in the 
Fund may result in them being required to (a) 
obtain a UTR from HM Revenue & Customs or (b) provide the General Partner 
with the authority to obtain such a UTR 
for them on their behalf, and that, in either of these cases, the Fund may 
be required to disclose their identity and include 
their UTR in its tax returns. 
Taxation of UK resident investors. 
Income. Income arising directly to the Fund will be treated for UK tax 
purposes as income arising to each Investor in the 
proportions in which that income is shared by the Investors in accordance 
with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. UK resident Investors will in general be chargeable to UK tax on 
the gross amount of their share of that 
income. Corporate partners may be able to obtain relief for corporation tax 
purposes for their share of certain of the 
management expenses of the Fund. 
Investors subject to corporation tax may be exempt from corporation tax on 
some or all dividends arising to the Fund 
from UK and non-UK companies depending, in each case, on whether the 
detailed conditions for dividend exemption are 
met. Other UK resident Investors will normally be subject to income tax on 
dividends arising to the Fund in accordance 
with the UK tax rules applicable to dividends. 
UK resident Investors who are individuals should generally be entitled to a 
£5,000 tax-free dividend allowance on the net 
dividends paid by UK and (in certain cases) non-UK companies and received 
directly or indirectly by the Investor in 
respect of the Fund's investments. Amounts above the allowance are subject 
to UK income tax at the relevant dividend 
rates. The tax-free dividend allowance will reduce from £5,000 to £2,000 
from April 6, 2018. 
UK resident Investors should generally be entitled to a tax credit of 20% 
for any income tax deducted at source from 
interest income arising in the UK (e.g., debenture interest) received 
directly or indirectly by the Fund in respect of 
investments. 
UK resident Investors may be able to claim a credit against their UK tax 
liability for foreign tax paid on their share of 
income from investments, or they may be able to reclaim all or part of any 
such foreign tax deducted at source if the 
foreign tax arises in a jurisdiction with which the UK has concluded an 
appropriate double tax treaty. 
Capital gains. Each Investor will generally be treated for the purposes of 
EFTA01398085
--- PAGE 287 ---
UK tax on chargeable gains as having a share 
in each of the assets of the Fund. The share of each Investor should be its 
interest in the assets determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Upon the Fund disposing of an asset to a third party, each Investor will be 
treated as disposing of its share in that asset. 
Subject to the offshore fund rules outlined below, any gain or loss arising 
on that disposal should be treated for UK tax 
purposes as a capital gain or loss and each Investor's share of any disposal 
proceeds realized on such disposal should 
be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Fund Partnership 
Agreement. 
Investors' base cost in underlying assets which may be used to set against 
any disposal proceeds on a disposal of 
underlying assets, may be lower than the amount they have funded to acquire 
such assets (although they may, in certain 
circumstances, be able to make a claim for relief which would mitigate this 
effect) and there can be no assurance that 
Partners who are subject to tax on the allocated gain or income will receive 
distributions sufficient to fully satisfy their tax 
liabilities. In certain circumstances, a gain may be allocated to an 
Investor without any corresponding cash distribution 
being made to that Investor. 
On a pro rata distribution in specie of Fund assets among the Investors, 
there will be no immediate charge to UK tax. 
Instead, the capital gains tax base cost of each Investor in each of the 
assets will, for the purposes of computing any 
gain or loss on a subsequent disposal or part-disposal of the asset, be the 
market value of the asset at the date of 
distribution, reduced by the notional gain which would have arisen if the 
asset had been disposed of to a third party at its 
market value at the date of distribution. The same principles will be 
applied where the computation results in a loss. If 
the distribution in specie is not done on a pro rata basis, different 
considerations and tax treatments may apply. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (together the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398086
--- PAGE 288 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
"Offshore Fund Rules") may apply to an investment made by the Fund in an 
"offshore fund." The Fund itself will not 
constitute an offshore fund for these purposes, although it is possible that 
the Fund may hold or acquire investments 
which are offshore funds for such purposes. In such cases, all or part of an 
Investor's distributions attributable to any 
gain made by the Fund on the disposal of an investment may be treated as 
income, rather than capital gains, for UK tax 
purposes, depending on the circumstances and the status of the investment as 
a "reporting fund" or "non-reporting fund" 
for the purposes of the Offshore Fund Rules. 
UK resident individuals. Investors who are UK resident or ordinarily 
resident individuals should note that, in certain 
circumstances, gains of non-UK resident companies in which the Fund has made 
an investment may be treated as 
accruing to such individual Investors. 
UK resident companies. 
Investments in non-UK companies. Investors who are UK resident companies 
should note that investments in non-UK 
resident companies may be "controlled foreign companies" for UK tax 
purposes. The profits of a controlled foreign 
company can in certain circumstances be apportioned to UK resident companies 
and corporation tax charged thereon. It 
is unlikely that an apportionment of the relevant proportion of the investee 
company's profits would be made against an 
Investor which is a UK resident company as the circumstances in which an 
apportionment can be made should not be 
present. 
Unrealized gains or losses. Investors subject to UK corporation tax may be 
treated for UK corporation tax purposes as 
realizing profits, gains or losses in respect of certain assets, including 
those which are subject to the "loan relationship" 
rules in Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009, generally on a basis 
reflecting the treatment in its statutory accounts, 
although in some cases on a mandatory mark-to-market basis. These profits, 
gains or losses will be taken into account in 
computing income for UK corporation tax purposes. An Investor's actual share 
in the return from these types of 
investments will not necessarily be the same as the amounts on which the 
Investor was taxed under these rules. 
Pension funds and other exempt bodies. Investors who are exempt from UK tax 
on income or gains should not be 
charged UK tax on income or gains made by the Fund. 
UK taxation of non-UK resident investors. 
Income. Non-UK resident Investors should generally not be liable to UK tax 
on income from UK investments held directly 
or indirectly by the Fund, except to the extent that UK tax is deducted from 
such income at source. Interest income 
EFTA01398087
--- PAGE 289 ---
received from UK sources is generally subject to a withholding tax of 20%. 
Certain Investors may, however, be able to 
reclaim UK income tax deducted at source from interest payments made by UK 
resident investee companies and 
beneficially owned by them if such Investors are resident in a country with 
which the UK has concluded an appropriate 
double tax treaty and they are not otherwise carrying on a trade in the UK. 
In the case of an Investor who is an individual who is or has been a UK 
resident and who re-acquires UK residence on a 
return to the UK after a period of five years or less of non-UK residence, 
certain types of income (including, for example, 
dividends arising to the Fund from a UK company) that arise during such an 
Investor's period of non-residence may be 
treated as arising to him in the period he reacquires residence in the UK 
and subject to income tax on that basis. 
Capital. Investors who are neither resident nor domiciled in the UK will not 
normally be liable to UK tax on gains made 
by the Fund. Such gains may, however, be liable to UK tax in the hands of an 
individual Investor on returning to the UK 
after an absence of up to five years, if realized during the period of 
absence. 
The above comments do not address the position of a non-UK resident who 
holds his or her Interest for the purpose of a 
financial trade, whether carried on within or outside the UK, to whom 
different UK tax considerations apply. 
Inheritance tax. A limited partnership interest in an English limited 
partnership carrying on business in the UK is 
regarded as an asset located in the UK for the purposes of inheritance tax. 
This means that on the death of an Investor, 
inheritance tax could be payable. Inheritance tax could also be payable in 
relation to an Interest held on trust, for 
example, on the death of a beneficiary of an interest in possession trust 
or, in the case of a discretionary trust, the 
distribution of all or any part of an Interest from the trust or on the 
trust's ten year anniversaries. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398088
--- PAGE 290 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
FATCA and other international disclosure regimes. 
Foreign account tax compliance. Under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
provisions of the Code and related 
U.S. Treasury guidance ("FATCA"), a withholding tax of 30% will be imposed 
in certain circumstances on (i) payments of 
certain U.S. source income (including interest and dividends) and gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition after 
December 31, 2018, of property that can produce U.S. source interest or 
dividends ("withholdable payments") and 
(ii) payments made after December 31, 2018 (or, if later, the date on which 
the final U.S. Treasury regulations that define 
"foreign passthru payments" are published) by certain foreign financial 
institutions (such as banks, brokers, investment 
funds or certain holding companies) ("FFIs") that are "attributable" to 
withholdable payments ("foreign passthru 
payments"). It is uncertain at present when payments will be treated as 
"attributable" to withholdable payments. 
The United Kingdom and the United States have entered into a Model 1 
intergovernmental agreement (the "U.S. IGA") 
relating to FATCA, and the United Kingdom has brought into law regulations 
to implement the provisions of the U.S. IGA 
(such regulations and any future implementing laws, rules or regulations, 
the "UK FATCA Legislation"). The Fund will 
be required to comply with the UK FATCA Legislation, which will require the 
Fund to undertake certain verification, due 
diligence and other procedures and to report to HMRC certain information 
about the Fund's Investors and certain U.S. 
persons that indirectly hold an interest in the Fund through a non-U.S. 
Investor. HMRC will provide this information to the 
IRS. So long as the Fund complies with the UK FATCA Legislation, FATCA 
withholding generally will not be imposed on 
payments made to the Fund, or on an Investor's share (whether or not 
distributed) of such payments, except in each 
case with respect to an Investor that (i) does not certify its FATCA status 
to the Fund, (ii) is an FFI that has not entered 
into an agreement with the United States to comply with FATCA and is not 
subject to similar requirements under 
applicable non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an intergovernmental 
agreement, or (iii) is a non-U.S. entity that is 
not an FFI and has not identified (when so required) any "substantial" U.S. 
owners (generally, any specified U.S. person 
that directly or indirectly owns more than a specified percentage of such 
entity) and, in each case, that does not 
otherwise establish an exemption from FATCA withholding (any Investor 
described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, a 
"Noncompliant Investor"). 
Under the Fund Partnership Agreement, an Investor will be required to 
provide such information and documentation and 
EFTA01398089
--- PAGE 291 ---
comply with such procedures as are required for the Fund or any related 
entity to comply with any requirements relating 
to FATCA, including the U.S. IGA, the UK FATCA Legislation, and any other 
non-U.S. law enacted in connection with an 
intergovernmental agreement. The failure of an Investor to comply with these 
requirements may result in adverse 
consequences to such Investor pursuant to the Fund Partnership Agreement, 
including, possibly, the transfer of such 
Investor's interest in the Fund to a person selected by the General Partner 
for whatever consideration could be obtained 
for such interest. 
FATCA may also apply to certain non-U.S. entities held by or affiliated with 
the Fund. 
Although the application of FATCA to a sale or other disposition of an 
Interest is unclear, it is possible that the gross 
proceeds from the sale or other disposition by a Noncompliant Investor of an 
Interest may be subject to tax under 
FATCA. 
Each Investor should consult its own tax adviser regarding the application 
of FATCA to an investment in the Fund. 
Common Reporting Standard and other international disclosure regimes. In 
addition to FATCA, the Fund will be 
subject to reporting regimes implemented by jurisdictions outside of the 
United States (including the United Kingdom). 
Such reporting regimes will include the OECD's Common Reporting Standard on 
the Automatic Exchange of Tax 
Information regarding mandatory automatic exchange of tax information. Such 
reporting regimes may require the Fund 
to report to an applicable government authority information about (i) each 
Investor in the Fund, (ii) certain persons that 
indirectly hold, or who control, an interest in the Fund through an 
Investor, and (iii) account information regarding such 
persons. An Investor will be required to provide the General Partner with 
any tax documentation or other information as 
required for the Fund to comply with any such reporting regimes. 
Certain other tax considerations 
The Fund may be subject to withholding and other taxes imposed by, and 
Investors may be subject to taxation and 
reporting requirements in, the jurisdictions of the Fund's activities or 
investments. Tax conventions between such 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398090
--- PAGE 292 ---
Greg Martin 
Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
countries and the jurisdiction in which an Investor is a resident may reduce 
or eliminate certain of these taxes. Taxable 
Investors may be entitled to claim foreign tax credits or deductions with 
respect to such taxes, subject to applicable 
limitations. 
Withholding taxes 
The Fund will withhold and pay over any withholding taxes required to be 
withheld with respect to any Investor and will 
treat such withholding as a payment to such Investor. Such payment will be 
treated as a distribution to the extent that 
the Investor is then entitled to receive a cash distribution. To the extent 
that such payment exceeds the amount of any 
cash distribution to which such Investor is then entitled, such Investor 
shall be required to make prompt payment to the 
Fund. Similar provisions would apply in the case of taxes withheld from a 
distribution to the Fund. 
Certain tax considerations for alternative investment vehicles 
The foregoing discussion generally does not address the tax consequences of 
an investment made through an 
alternative investment vehicle. The tax consequences in the case of an 
alternative investment vehicle may be different 
from those described above. Each Investor is urged to consult its own tax 
adviser regarding an investment in an 
alternative investment vehicle. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398091
--- PAGE 293 ---
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
This page has intentionally been left blank 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398092
--- PAGE 294 ---
Greg Martin 
en ower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendices 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398093
--- PAGE 295 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 1 Notices to Investors in Specific Jurisdictions 
NOTICES TO CERTAIN INVESTORS 
The distribution of this Memorandum and the offer and sale of the Interests 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law. This Memorandum does not constitute, and may not be used for the 
purposes of, an offer to sell or the solicitation 
of an offer to buy Interests to any person in any jurisdiction to whom it is 
unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Investor to satisfy 
itself as to full compliance with the applicable laws and 
regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with the acquisition, 
holding and disposition of an Interest, including 
obtaining any governmental or other consent and observing any other 
formality prescribed in such jurisdiction. This 
Memorandum does not constitute an offer of the Interests to the public and 
no action has been or will be taken to permit 
a public offering in any jurisdiction where action would be required for 
that purpose. This Memorandum may not be 
distributed in any jurisdiction except in accordance with the legal 
requirements applicable in such jurisdiction. 
To the extent any of the confidentiality provisions contained in some 
legends below impose greater confidentiality 
restrictions than those already imposed herein, such additional 
confidentiality provisions shall be interpreted to apply only 
to the extent that such provisions are reasonably necessary to comply with 
the securities laws of the applicable 
jurisdiction. In the event that the legend below applicable to an investor 
or prospective investor does not contain any 
specific confidentiality provision, such investor or prospective investor 
may not reproduce or distribute this Memorandum 
or any materials provided to the Investor in connection with the marketing 
of the Interests, in whole or in part, or disclose 
any of their contents, where such disclosure would violate the securities 
laws of the applicable jurisdiction. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA 
For the purposes of the AIFMD, the Fund will constitute an EU AIF whose AIFM 
is the Manager, itself an EU AIFM. 
Except as provided below in respect of the specific member states listed, 
this Memorandum and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Interests, shall only be distributed to 
prospective investors domiciled or with their registered offices in a member 
state of the European Economic Area that 
are "professional investors". For these purposes, a "professional investor" 
is a person who is considered to be a 
professional client or who may, on request, be treated as a professional 
client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 
2004/39/EC. 
Denmark 
EFTA01398094
--- PAGE 296 ---
This Memorandum may only be distributed and marketing may only take place 
(in Denmark) if the AIF has been 
passported into Denmark under the applicable provisions of AIFMD. 
Finland 
The Interests will be offered in Finland exclusively to investors qualifying 
as "professional clients" (Fi: ammattimainen 
asiakas) as defined in the Finnish Act on Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers (Fi: laki vaihtoehtorahastojen hoitajista, 
162/2014, as amended, the "AFMA"). Accordingly, prospective investors should 
acknowledge that this Memorandum is 
not a prospectus within the meaning set forth in the Finnish Securities 
Markets Act (Fi: arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 
746/2012, as amended, the "SMA"). The Fund has been notified for marketing 
to professional clients in Finland to the 
Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi: Finanssivalvonta, the "FIN-
FSA") in accordance with the AFMA. If the 
Interests were to be construed as "securities" as defined in the SMA, based 
on the exemptions set forth in the SMA, the 
offering of the Interests would be exempted from the prospectus requirements 
of the SMA. Prospective investors should 
also note that neither the Manager nor any of its affiliates is an 
investment firm (Fi: sijoituspalveluyritys) as meant in the 
Finnish Investment Services Act (Fi: sijoituspalvelulaki, 747/2012, as 
amended) and they are not subject to the 
supervision of the FIN-FSA. This Memorandum has been prepared for private 
information purposes only and it may not 
be used for, and shall not be deemed, a public offering of the Interests. 
This Memorandum is strictly for private use by its 
holder and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed 
publicly. 
Germany 
The Interests may be marketed in Germany to professional investors (as 
defined above in the EEA standard securities 
legend) as well as to "semi-professional investors" but not to "private 
investors" (each as defined in the German Capital 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398095
--- PAGE 297 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Act (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch)). 
The Netherlands 
The Interests in the Fund described in this Memorandum will not, directly or 
indirectly, be offered, sold, transferred or 
delivered in the Netherlands, except to or by individuals or entities that 
are professional investors (professionele 
beleggers) within the meaning of Article 1:1 of the Dutch Financial 
Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht (or 
"Wft")). Neither the Manager (beheerder) nor the Fund are subject to ongoing 
regulatory requirements for fund 
managers or investment institutions contained in the Wft, but the Manager is 
subject to the regulatory requirements 
pursuant to the rules and regulations of its home state. 
Sweden 
This Memorandum has not been nor will it be registered with or approved by 
Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority). Accordingly, this Memorandum may not be made 
available, nor may the Interests in the Fund 
offered hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in Sweden, other than 
under circumstances which are deemed not to 
require a prospectus under the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act 
(1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel 
med finansiella instrument). The Manager is marketing Interests in the Fund 
in Sweden on the basis of the passport 
regime under the Act (2013:561) on Managers of Alternative Investment Funds 
(Sw. lag (2013:561). This Memorandum 
will not be made available, nor will the Interests in the Fund offered 
hereunder be marketed and offered for sale in 
Sweden, to investors not qualifying as professional investors under the Act 
(2013:561) on Managers of Alternative 
Investment Funds (Sw. lag (2013:561). 
United Kingdom 
The Fund is an AIF for the purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund 
Managers Regulations 2013, as amended 
(the "AIFMD Regulations"). The Manager is a full-scope UK AIFM for the 
purposes of the AIFMD Regulations and is 
regulated by the FCA for this purpose. 
Accordingly, the marketing of the Fund to prospective investors in the 
United Kingdom by or on behalf of the Manager is 
prohibited unless carried on in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD 
Regulations. 
The marketing of the Fund to professional investors in the United Kingdom by 
the Manager has been approved by the 
FCA in accordance with Regulation 54 of the AIFMD Regulations. 
This Memorandum is not an approved prospectus for the purposes of Section 85 
of the UK Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA"). 
AUSTRALIA 
The Interests are only being offered in circumstances under which no 
EFTA01398096
--- PAGE 298 ---
disclosure is required under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth) (the "Corporations Act"). Any offer of the Interests does not 
purport to be an offer of the Interests in 
circumstances under which disclosure is required under the Corporations Act 
and will only be made to persons who 
qualify as a "wholesale client", a "sophisticated investor" or a 
"professional investor" (in each case, as defined in the 
Corporations Act). The Fund is not required to be registered in Australia as 
a managed investment scheme. This 
Memorandum will not be, and is not required to be, lodged with the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Any offer will be made, and any financial services in connection with the 
interests will be provided, in Australia by THE 
Manager or its representatives. The Manager is exempt from the requirement 
to hold an Australian financial services 
license in respect of the financial services being provided by it. The 
Manager is regulated by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority under United Kingdom laws, which differ from Australian laws. 
BAHRAIN 
This Memorandum has not been reviewed by, registered with or filed with the 
Central Bank of Bahrain. This 
Memorandum may not be circulated within the Kingdom of Bahrain, the 
Interests may not be offered for subscription or 
sold, directly or indirectly, and no invitation or offer to subscribe for 
the Interests may be made, to persons in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. The Central Bank of Bahrain is not responsible for the 
performance of the Fund or its sponsor. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398097
--- PAGE 299 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
BRAZIL 
This offering is not a public offering of securities for the purposes of the 
applicable Brazilian regulations and has 
therefore not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities 
Commission (Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios) 
or any other government authority in Brazil. All information contained 
herein is confidential and is for the exclusive use 
and review of the intended addressee of this Memorandum, and may not be 
passed on to any third party. 
BRUNEI 
This Memorandum is a private placement memorandum and, as such, it is not 
and shall not be construed as an offer to 
sell or an invitation or solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for 
any Interests to the public or any class or section 
thereof in Brunei Darussalam and is for information purposes only. This 
Memorandum, and any other document, 
circular, notice or other materials issued in connection therewith, shall 
not be distributed or redistributed, published or 
advertised, directly or indirectly, to, and shall not be relied upon or used 
by, the public or any member of the public in 
Brunei Darussalam. All offers, acceptances subscriptions, sales, and 
allotments of the Interests or any part thereof shall 
be made outside Brunei Darussalam. This Memorandum and the Interests have 
not been delivered to, registered with, 
or licensed or approved by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam, the 
authority designated under the Securities 
Markets Order, 2013 or by any other government agency, or under any other 
law, in Brunei Darussalam. Nothing in this 
Memorandum shall constitute legal, tax, accounting or investment advice. The 
recipient should independently evaluate 
any specific investment in consultation with professional advisors in law, 
tax, accounting and investments. 
CANADA 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may 
provide a Limited Partner with remedies for 
rescission or damages if the offering memorandum (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the 
Limited Partner within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the Limited Partner's province 
or territory. The Limited Partner should refer to 
any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the Limited 
Partner's province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal adviser. The Interests may be sold only to 
Limited Partners purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, the Interests as a principal that are accredited investors, as 
defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and are permitted clients, as defined in 
EFTA01398098
--- PAGE 300 ---
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of 
the securities must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus 
requirements of applicable Canadian provincial securities laws. 
CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe 
for the Interests. 
CHILE 
Neither the Fund nor the Interests are registered in the Registry of 
Offshore Securities (el Registro de Valores 
Extranjeros) or subject to the supervision of the Securities and Insurance 
Supervisory Authority of Chile (la 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile). This Memorandum and other 
offering materials relating to the offer of 
the Interests do not constitute a public offer of, or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase, the Interests in the Republic 
of Chile, other than to individually identified Investors pursuant to a 
private offering within the meaning of Article 4 of the 
Chilean Securities Act (la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (an offer that is not 
"addressed to the public at large or to a 
certain sector or specific group of the public"). 
CHINA 
This Memorandum does not constitute a public offer of the Interests, whether 
by way of sale or subscription in the 
People's Republic of China (the "PRC"). Restrictions exist on the offering, 
distribution, transfer and resale of the 
Interests within the PRC, and the Interests may not be offered, distributed 
or resold to the public in the PRC, or for the 
benefit of legal or natural persons in the PRC, without compliance with PRC 
law or prior approval from the PRC 
regulatory authorities. For the purposes of this paragraph, the PRC does not 
include Hong Kong, Macau or Taiwan. 
COLOMBIA 
This Memorandum does not constitute an invitation to invest or a public 
offer in the Republic of Colombia and is not 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398099
--- PAGE 301 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
governed by Colombian law. The Interests have not been and will not be 
registered with the National Register of 
Securities and Issuers (el Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) 
maintained by the Financial Supervisory Authority of 
Colombia (la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia) and will not be listed 
on the Colombian Stock Exchange 
(la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia). The Interests are being offered under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering of securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and 
regulations. The offer of the Interests is addressed 
to fewer than one hundred specifically identified investors. Accordingly, 
the Interests may not be marketed, offered, sold 
or negotiated in Colombia, except under circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering of securities under 
applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. This Memorandum is 
provided at the request of the addressee for 
information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The 
Interests may not be promoted or marketed in 
Colombia or to Colombian residents unless such promotion and marketing is 
carried out in compliance with Decree 2555 
of 2010 and other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion 
of foreign financial and securities related 
products or services in Colombia. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge that the Interests (i) are not 
financial products, (ii) are transferable only in 
accordance with the terms of the Fund's constitutional documents and (iii) 
do not offer any principal protection. 
Colombian eligible investors acknowledge Colombian laws and regulations (in 
particular, foreign exchange, securities 
and tax regulations) applicable to any transaction or investment consummated 
in connection with an investment in the 
Fund, and represent that they are the sole liable party for full compliance 
with any such laws and regulations. In addition, 
Colombian investors acknowledge and agree that the Fund will not have any 
responsibility, liability or obligation in 
connection with any consent, approval, filing, proceeding, authorization or 
permission required by the investor or any 
actions taken or to be taken by the investor in connection with the offer, 
sale or delivery of the Interests under Colombian 
law. 
DUBAI INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum, the offering and the Interests relate to the Fund, 
which is a foreign investment fund. The Fund is 
not subject to any form of regulation by the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (the "DIFC") or the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the "DFSA"). None of the Fund, this Memorandum, the 
offering or the Interests have been approved, 
EFTA01398100
--- PAGE 302 ---
registered, recognized or licensed by the DIFC or the DFSA. 
Neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has any responsibility for reviewing or 
verifying this Memorandum or any other 
memorandum, document or information relating to the Fund. Accordingly, 
neither the DIFC nor the DFSA has approved 
this Memorandum or any other related document or taken any steps to verify 
the information set out in this Memorandum 
and has no responsibility for it. 
The Interests may be illiquid and subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests should 
conduct their own due diligence on the Interests. 
If you do not understand the contents of this Memorandum, you should consult 
an authorized financial advisor. 
This Memorandum is intended only for prospective investors who: (a) are 
"Professional Clients" for the purposes of, and 
as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook and (b) can make a minimum subscription of 
at least US$50,000 as specified in the 
DIFC Collective Investment Law and the DIFC Collective Investment Rules, and 
must not therefore be delivered to, or 
relied on by (i) a potential investor who is a "Retail Client" for the 
purposes of, and as defined in, the DFSA Rulebook, or 
(ii) a Professional Client not able to make such minimum subscription. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398101
--- PAGE 303 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
GUERNSEY 
This Memorandum has not been approved or authorized by the Guernsey 
Financial Services Commission (the 
"Commission") or the States of Guernsey Policy Council, nor has it been 
delivered to the Commission pursuant to the 
Prospectus Rules 2008 issued under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of 
Guernsey) Law, 1987, and therefore this 
Memorandum may not be circulated by way of public offer in the Bailiwick of 
Guernsey. 
HAITI 
This Memorandum is for general informational purposes only. Nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is being 
made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale 
of the Interests will be concluded in Haiti. 
HONG KONG 
This confidential Memorandum has not been approved by the Securities and 
Futures Commission in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, the Interests may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means 
of this Memorandum or any other 
document other than to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the 
Laws of Hong Kong) or in other circumstances which do not constitute an 
offer to the public for the purposes of the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
This Memorandum is delivered only to the intended recipient thereof solely 
for the purpose of evaluating a possible 
investment in the Fund, and may not be used, copied, reproduced or 
distributed, in whole or in part, to any other person 
(other than professional advisers of such recipient). Subscriptions will not 
be accepted from any person other than the 
person to whom this Memorandum has been delivered. 
ISRAEL 
This Memorandum shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of 
an offer to buy any Interests in the State of 
Israel. This Memorandum is not intended to be issued to persons other than 
to individuals and/or corporations of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, 1968, as amended from 
time to time, and any regulations promulgated thereunder (the "Israeli 
Securities Law"). 
In making an investment decision, Limited Partners must rely on their own 
examination of the Fund and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. The Interests have not 
been recommended by the Israeli Securities 
Authority or the regulatory authority of any other jurisdiction. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed 
the accuracy or determined the adequacy of this Memorandum. For the 
avoidance of any doubt no investment advice is 
EFTA01398102
--- PAGE 304 ---
being given to the Limited Partners by the Fund or its representatives under 
the Israeli Investment Advising, Investment 
Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (the "Israeli 
Investment Advising Law"). In marketing, the 
personal circumstances, investment objectives and requirements of a Limited 
Partner have not and will not be 
considered. The Fund and its representatives are not licensed under the laws 
of the State of Israel as investment 
adviser or investment marketer. 
The offer and sale of the Interests will not be registered under the Israeli 
Securities Law. Prior to the purchase of any 
Interests, a prospective investor may be required to represent to the Fund 
that it is an individual and/or corporation of the 
type contemplated by Section 15A(b)(1) of, and the First Schedule to, the 
Israeli Securities Law, or may otherwise be 
required to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Fund that the offer and 
sale of Interests to such prospective investor 
would not give rise to circumstances which would constitute an offer or sale 
to the public within the meaning of the Israeli 
Securities Law. 
Prospective investors should not construe the contents of this Memorandum as 
legal, tax, financial or investment advice. 
Each prospective investor should consult its own professional advisers as to 
the legal, tax, financial or other matters 
relevant to the suitability of an investment by such prospective investor in 
the Fund. The Interests are subject to 
restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or 
resold except in accordance with the requirements 
and conditions set forth in this Memorandum. Limited Partners should be 
aware that they will be required to bear the 
financial risks of their investment for an extended period of time. 
JAPAN 
No registration pursuant to article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (the "FIEL") 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398103
--- PAGE 305 ---
Greg Martin 
G endower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the 
application for the acquisition of the Interests, on the 
grounds that the Interests are securities set forth in article 2, paragraph 
2, item 6 of the FIEL and the small number 
private placement exemption for such securities applies to such solicitation 
since it does not fall under the category set 
forth in article 2, paragraph 3, item 3 of the FIEL. 
No Interests shall be sold in Japan unless at least one qualified 
institutional investor (a "QII") as defined in article 2, 
paragraph 3, item 1 of the FIEL and article 10 of the cabinet order 
regarding definitions under article 2 of the FIEL 
acquires the Interests. No Interest shall be sold to, or held by, persons 
other than (i) QIIs or (ii) persons listed in article 
17-12, paragraph 1 of the Order for Enforcement of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Law ("Qualified Non-QIIs"). 
The number of Qualified Non-QIIs in Japan shall not exceed 49. No Interests 
shall be sold to or held by any person set 
forth in article 63, paragraph 1, item 1, sub-items (i) to (iii) of the 
FIEL. No Interests shall be sold to or held by any 
person where a sale or a transfer of Interests to the person triggers 
article 234-2, paragraph 2, item 1 or 2 of the Cabinet 
Office Ordinance regarding Financial Instruments Business, etc., whereby the 
General Partner of the Fund is unable to 
rely on the exemption set forth in article 63 of the FIEL. 
No transfer of the Interests acquired by a QII may be made to persons other 
than QIIs. No transfer of the Interests 
acquired by a Qualified Non-QII in Japan may be made except for the transfer 
by such person of its entire Interests to 
only one person. 
The General Partner has an intention to rely on the exemption of Specially 
Permitted Businesses for Qualified 
Institutional Investors, etc. set forth in article 63 of the FIEL (so-
called, the "QII-targeted fund exemption"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the General Partner may withdraw the QII-
targeted fund exemption any time, and may 
rely on other available exemptions under the FIEL. 
This Memorandum is confidential and is intended solely for the use of its 
recipient. Any duplication or redistribution of 
this Memorandum is prohibited. The recipient of this Memorandum, by 
accepting delivery thereof, agrees to return it and 
all related documents to the Fund or its placement agent if the recipient 
elects not to purchase any of the Interests 
offered hereby or if requested earlier by the Fund or its placement agent. 
Neither the return of the principal amount 
invested nor the distribution of profit from the investment is guaranteed. 
An investment in the Interests involves certain 
risks of loss caused by fluctuation of interest rates, currency and other 
market factors, or the credit risk of the 
counterparties or relevant parties thereof. Prospective investors should 
EFTA01398104
--- PAGE 306 ---
read the terms of the investment carefully, in 
particular those relating to limitations on the period in which rights 
relating to such investment may be exercised. 
In Japan, this Memorandum is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial 
Instruments Firm (Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) 
No. 66). CSJL is a member of Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan, 
Japan Investment Advisers Association and 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
KUWAIT 
This Memorandum is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The 
Interests have not been licensed for 
offering in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any other 
relevant Kuwaiti government agency. 
The offering of the Interests in Kuwait on the basis a private placement or 
public offering is, therefore, restricted 
in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the 
Interests is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of 
the Interests will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used 
to offer or market the Interests in 
Kuwait. 
MEXICO 
Any prospective Investor must be either an institutional investor 
(inversionista institucional) or a qualified investor 
(inversionista calificado) within the meaning of the Mexican Securities 
Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores) (the 
"Securities Market Law") and other applicable Mexican laws in effect. 
The Interests have not and will not be registered in the National Registry 
of Securities (Registro Nacional de Valores) 
maintained by the Mexican Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores). The 
Interests may not be offered or sold in the United Mexican States by any 
means except in circumstances which 
constitute a private offering pursuant to Article 8 of the Securities Market 
Law and its regulations. No Mexican regulatory 
authority has approved or disapproved the Interests or passed on the 
solvency of the Fund. All applicable provisions of 
the Securities Market Law must be complied with in respect of any sale, 
offer or distribution of, or intermediation in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398105
--- PAGE 307 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
respect of, the Interests in, from or otherwise involving Mexico, and any 
resale of the Interests within Mexican territory 
must be made in a manner that will constitute a private offering pursuant to 
Article 8 of the Securities Market Law and its 
regulations. 
MONACO 
The recipient acknowledges having full command of English and waives all 
claims on grounds of language 
misunderstanding in this document. 
Le destinataire du present document reconnait avoir une parfaite maitrise de 
l'anglais et renonce a tout recours fonde 
sur une mauvaise comprehension de la langue utilisee dans ce document. 
NEW ZEALAND 
The Manager does not intend that the Interests be offered for sale or 
subscription under a regulated offer in New Zealand 
in terms of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 of New Zealand (or any 
statutory modification or re-enactment of, or 
statutory substitution for, that Act) ("FMC Act"). Accordingly: 
(i) 
(ii) 
no product disclosure statement has been prepared or will be registered; and 
the Interests have not been and may not be offered or sold to any person in 
New Zealand other than 
"wholesale investors" as that term is defined in clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 
of the FMC Act, being a 
person that: 
(a) 
is an "investment business"; 
(b) meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of 
Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(c) 
is "large"; or 
(d) 
is a government agency, 
in each case, as defined in Schedule 1 of the FMC Act. 
No action has been taken by the Manager which would permit an offer of the 
Interests, or possession or distribution of 
any offering material, to any person other than as specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. No Investor shall directly or 
indirectly offer, sell or deliver any Interests, or distribute this 
Memorandum or any advertisement in relation to any offer of 
the Interests, in New Zealand, other than to persons specified in (ii)(a) 
through (d) above. 
OMAN 
The information contained in this Memorandum is confidential and for your 
information only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. You should consult with an appropriate 
professional for specific advice rendered on the basis of your situation. 
EFTA01398106
--- PAGE 308 ---
This Memorandum neither constitutes an offer of 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74 
as amended) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98 as 
amended), nor does it constitute the marketing 
of non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued pursuant to Decision No. 1/2009) (the "Executive Regulations"). 
The Interests have not and will not be listed 
on any stock exchange in the Sultanate of Oman. The Manager is not a 
licensed broker, dealer, financial adviser or 
investment adviser licensed under the laws applicable in the Sultanate of 
Oman, and, as such, does not advise potential 
investors in the Sultanate of Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in 
or purchasing or selling securities or other 
financial products. Additionally, this Memorandum is not intended to lead to 
the conclusion of any contract of whatsoever 
nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman and is not intended to 
constitute legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice in, or in respect of, the Sultanate of Oman. The 
recipient of this Memorandum acknowledges and 
agrees that neither this Memorandum nor the Fund has been registered or 
approved by the Central Bank of Oman, the 
Oman Ministry of Commerce and Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or 
any other authority in the Sultanate of 
Oman, nor is the Manager authorized or licensed by the Central Bank of Oman, 
the Oman Ministry of Commerce and 
Industry, the Oman Capital Market Authority or any other authority in the 
Sultanate of Oman, to market or sell the 
interests in the Fund within the Sultanate of Oman. Further, the recipient 
of this Memorandum represents that it is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 (f) of the Executive 
Regulations) and has such experience in business 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398107
--- PAGE 309 ---
GLDUS141 Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
and financial matters that it is capable of evaluating the merits and risks 
of an investment in securities. 
PERU 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered in Peru under Decreto 
Legislativo 862: Ley de Fondos de 
Inversion y sus Sociedades Administradoras or under Decreto Legislativo 861: 
Ley del Mercado de Valores (the 
"Securities Market Law"), and are being offered to institutional investors 
only (as defined in article 8 of the Securities 
Market Law) pursuant to a private placement, according to article 5 of the 
Securities Market Law. The Interests have not 
been registered in the securities market public registry (Registro Public) 
del Mercado de Valores) maintained by, and the 
offering of the Interests in Peru is not subject to the supervision of, the 
Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores. Any 
transfers of the Interests shall be subject to the limitations contained in 
the Securities Market Law and the regulations 
issued thereunder. 
QATAR AND THE QATAR FINANCIAL CENTRE 
This Memorandum is provided on an exclusive basis to the specifically 
intended recipient thereof, upon such recipient's 
request and initiative, and for such recipient's personal use only. 
Nothing in this Memorandum constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be 
treated as constituting or shall be deemed to 
constitute, any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or in the 
Qatar Financial Centre, or the inward marketing of 
an investment fund or an attempt to do business, as a bank, an investment 
company or otherwise in the State of Qatar or 
in the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor the Interests have been approved, registered or 
licensed by the Qatar Central Bank, the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority, the Qatar Financial Markets 
Authority or any other regulator in the State of 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Neither this Memorandum nor any related documents have been reviewed or 
approved by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Central Bank. 
Recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or 
difficult and may have to be pursued in a 
jurisdiction outside Qatar and the Qatar Financial Centre. 
Any distribution of this Memorandum by the recipient to third parties in 
Qatar or the Qatar Financial Centre in breach of 
the terms hereof is not authorized and shall be at the liability of such 
recipient. 
SAUDI ARABIA 
This Memorandum may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except 
to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Capital Market Authority 
(the "CMA"). 
EFTA01398108
--- PAGE 310 ---
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Memorandum, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this Memorandum. 
Prospective purchasers of the Interests offered hereby should conduct their 
own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the Interests. If you do not understand the contents 
of this Memorandum you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
SINGAPORE 
This Memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this 
Memorandum and any other documents or materials in connection with the offer 
or sale, or invitation for the subscription 
for or purchase, of the Interests, may not be circulated or distributed, nor 
may the Interests be offered or sold, or be 
made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore 
other than (i) to an institutional investor pursuant to Section 304 of the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (the "SFA"), or (ii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with 
the conditions of, any other applicable 
provision of the SFA. 
SOUTH KOREA 
This Memorandum is being provided in response to the specific request of the 
recipient, and should not be construed in 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398109
--- PAGE 311 ---
reg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
any way as the Fund (or any of its affiliates or agents) soliciting 
investment or offering to sell the Interests. The Fund 
makes no representation with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of 
this Memorandum to acquire the Interests 
under the laws of Korea, including, without limitation, the Foreign Exchange 
Transaction Law and Regulations 
thereunder. The Interests have not been registered with the Financial 
Services Commission of Korea (the "FSC") in 
Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of 
Korea, and the Interests may not be offered, 
sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for reoffering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident 
of Korea except pursuant to applicable laws and regulations of Korea. 
Furthermore, the Interests may not be resold to 
Korean residents unless Investor complies with all applicable regulatory 
requirements (including, without limitation, 
governmental approval requirements under the Foreign Exchange Transaction 
Law and its subordinate decrees and 
regulations) in connection with the purchase of the Interests. 
ST. KITTS AND NEVIS 
This Memorandum does not constitute an offer or solicitation in St. Kitts 
and Nevis. This Memorandum has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the Financial Services Regulatory 
Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the 
merits of the offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered 
with any regulatory authority in St. Kitts and 
Nevis. Each investor should consult his or her legal counsel or accountant 
or financial advisor for advice on the various 
legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her investment in the Fund. 
There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire investment. 
SWITZERLAND 
The Interests shall be distributed in Switzerland exclusively to qualified 
investors as defined by Article 10 § 3 of the 
Collective Investment Scheme Act 2006, as amended ("CISA") and Article 6 of 
the Collective Investment Scheme 
Ordinance 2006, as amended ("CISO") (Qualified Investors). The Fund has not 
been and will not be registered with the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority ("FINMA"). 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the 
"Representative"). The offering documents, Fund Documents and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of 
charge from the Representative. The place of performance for the Interests 
offered or distributed in or from Switzerland 
is the registered office of the Representative. The courts of the canton of 
Geneva shall have jurisdiction in relation to any 
EFTA01398110
--- PAGE 312 ---
disputes arising out of the duties of the Representative. Any dispute 
related to the distribution of Interests in and from 
Switzerland shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the registered office of 
the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the 
"Paying Agent"). Interests may be subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be 
charged by the Paying Agent. If a subscription or redemption is made through 
the Paying Agent, instructions and money 
must be received by the paying agent at least 24 hours before the 
appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
The fees and expenses associated with the representation, paying agency and 
other distribution items may be charged 
to the Fund. As applicable, the actual amount of such fees and expenses will 
be disclosed in the audited financial 
statements. 
In distributing the Interests in Switzerland, the General Partner is 
authorized to pass on distribution fees to the 
distributors and sales partners listed below: 
• distributors subject to authorization as defined in Article 19 al. 1 of 
the CISA (Swiss or foreign distributors 
regulated in their home jurisdiction); 
• distributors that are not required to obtain an authorization as defined 
under Article 19 al 1 of the CISA and 
article 8 of CISO (financial intermediaries regulated by FINMA, banks, 
insurance companies, fund managers, 
representatives; 
• Sales partners who place Interests in the Fund with their customers 
exclusively through a written commissionbased 
investment management or advisory mandate (e.g., independent asset managers 
or advisors). 
When a retrocession payment may give rise to a conflict of interest, the 
recipient of the retrocession must ensure 
transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, 
of the amount of retrocession it may receive 
for distribution. Upon request, the recipient must disclose the actual 
amount of retrocession received for distributing the 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398111
--- PAGE 313 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund to the investor requiring information. 
The General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates to Limited Partners 
(including Limited Partners domiciled in 
Switzerland). The purpose of a rebate is to reduce the fees or costs 
incurred by a Limited Partner that is granted such 
rebate. Rebates are permitted provided that (a) such rebates (i) are paid 
from management fees and do not represent 
an additional charge on the assets of the Fund and (ii) are granted on the 
basis of objective criteria and (b) all Limited 
Partners in Switzerland who meet the applicable objective criteria and 
demand rebates are also granted the relevant 
rebate within the same timeframe and to the same extent. See Section 6: 
Summary of Terms and Conditions for a 
description of how the General Partner or the Manager may grant rebates by 
way of a Side Letter. 
TAIWAN 
The offering, distribution and resale of the Interests have not been 
approved by or registered with the Taiwan Financial 
Supervisory Commission and thus the Interests cannot be offered, distributed 
or resold in Taiwan. Private placement of 
the Interests may only be made subject to restrictions under Taiwan laws. 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
By receiving this Memorandum, the person or entity to whom it has been 
issued understands, acknowledges and agrees 
that this Memorandum and the Interests relate to the Fund, which is a 
foreign investment fund. The Fund is not subject 
to any form of regulation by the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates 
(the "UAE"), the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority (the "SCA") or any other authority in the UAE 
(collectively, the "UAE Regulatory Authorities"). 
The Fund is not registered or licensed by any of the UAE Regulatory 
Authorities, and no approval has been received 
from any of the UAE Regulatory Authorities to market, offer or sell the 
Interests in the UAE. 
None of the UAE Regulatory Authorities has any responsibility in respect of 
this Memorandum and, accordingly, none of 
the UAE Regulatory Authorities has approved this Memorandum, taken any steps 
to verify the information set out herein 
or has any responsibility for it. In particular, this Memorandum has not 
been approved pursuant to SCA Board of 
Directors' Chairman Decision No. (9/R.M) of 2016 Concerning the Regulations 
as to Mutual Funds and the Chairman of 
the SCA Board of Directors Decision No. 3/R.M. of 2017 Concerning the 
Organization of Promotion and Introduction 
issued by the SCA. 
The offering of the Interests does not constitute a public offer of 
securities under applicable laws of the UAE and the 
Interests will not be admitted to trading on any stock exchange in the UAE. 
The Interests may not be offered or sold 
EFTA01398112
--- PAGE 314 ---
directly or indirectly to the public in the UAE. 
No sale or subscription for any financial products or services will be 
consummated within the UAE pursuant to this 
Memorandum, other than a sale or subscription to: 
(i) 
(ii) 
investment funds owned by federal or local government entities in the UAE; or 
where the Investor has itself solicited information with respect to the Fund 
and expressed an interest in 
making an offer to purchase the Interests, which is not based on promotion 
by the Fund or any related 
party thereto. 
The entity conducting the private placement of the Interests is not licensed 
as a financial consultant, investment 
company, fund manager, broker, dealer or advisor under applicable laws of 
the UAE, and it does not advise individuals 
resident in the UAE as to the appropriateness of investing in, purchasing or 
selling any financial product. 
Nothing contained in this Memorandum is intended to constitute UAE 
investment, legal, tax, accounting or other 
professional advice. This Memorandum is for the information of prospective 
investors only and nothing in this 
Memorandum is intended to endorse or recommend a particular course of 
action. Prospective investors should seek 
appropriate professional advice. The offering, the Interests, the Fund and 
this Memorandum are subject to any changes 
in the laws of the UAE. 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
In making an investment decision prospective must rely on their own 
examination of the issuer and the terms of the 
offering, including the merits and risks involved. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398113
--- PAGE 315 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. 
Furthermore, the foregoing authorities have not confirmed the accuracy or 
determined the adequacy of this 
Memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or 
the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction, nor is such registration 
contemplated. The Interests will be offered and sold in the 
United States only to qualifying recipients of this Memorandum pursuant to 
the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D 
thereof and any applicable regulations 
promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the applicable securities laws 
of the states and other jurisdictions where 
the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold for investment only 
and are subject to restrictions on 
transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement 
and as permitted under the Securities Act and the applicable state 
securities laws, pursuant to registration or exemption 
therefrom. Limited Partners should be aware that they will be required to 
bear the financial risks of an investment in the 
Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will not be registered 
as an investment company under the 
Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. 
There will be no public market for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the 
Interests under the Securities Act. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398114
--- PAGE 316 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 2 Privacy Notice 
(A) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NOT NATURAL PERSONS 
Each prospective investor in the Fund that is not a natural 
body corporate or a partnership) should 
provide the notice below — (B) Notice to Investors that are 
— to each individual that will be required to 
provide personal data in connection with such prospective investor's 
investment in the Fund. For example, ultimate 
beneficial owners, officers or other authorized signatories. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Glendower Capital, LLP assuming responsibility 
as the "data controller" on behalf of the 
Fund, does not relieve any prospective investor that 
from its duties and obligations in respect of 
personal data provided. 
(B) NOTICE TO INVESTORS THAT ARE NATURAL PERSONS 
This notice is being provided to explain how any personal data that is 
provided in connection an investment in the Fund 
by a natural person will be treated. 
Glendower Capital, LLP (the "Data Controller") will be the "data controller" 
for any personal information provided to the 
Manager, the General Partner or their respective Affiliates or service 
providers in connection with an investment in the 
Fund. Contact details for the Data Controller are at the end of this Privacy 
Notice. 
The personal data which will be processed by the Data Controller may include 
name, home address, email address, 
phone number, proof of ID (such as passport and driving licence details), 
tax identifier, information on your investment 
history and experience and details of your bank account. Access to your 
personal data is required in connection with an 
investment in the Fund for a number of reasons, including, but not limited 
to, (i) in connection with applicable "know your 
client," anti-money laundering laws and regulations and other applicable 
laws and regulations, (ii) in order for the 
Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's administrator to communicate 
with you during the life of the Fund and 
(iii) your bank account details in order to make distributions. 
In connection with the management and operation of the Fund, it will become 
necessary for the Data Controller to share 
your data with other entities in order to effect and administer your 
investment in the Fund. These entities include, but are 
not limited to, the Manager, the General Partner and the Fund's 
administrator (currently, Gen II Fund Services, LLC), the 
Fund's depositary (currently, Aztec Financial Services (UK) Limited), any 
bank with which the Fund enters into a 
subscription line facility (currently, it is expected that Lloyds Bank plc 
will be the arranger of such a facility), the Fund's 
professional advisers (such as Debevoise & Plimpton LLP) and the Fund's 
auditor. In addition, certain Limited Partners 
person (e.g., a 
Natural Persons 
is a non-natural person 
EFTA01398115
--- PAGE 317 ---
may request contact information for the other Limited Partners (or a subset 
thereof). Unless compelled by law or 
regulation, the Data Controller will not share your contact details with 
other Limited Partners without your consent. 
While the Fund will initially receive and store your personal data in the 
United Kingdom, it may be necessary for the Fund 
or third parties to transfer this data outside of the European Economic 
Area, including to the United States of America. In 
some cases, your data may be transferred to jurisdictions outside of the EEA 
that do not have equivalent data protection 
frameworks to those inside the EEA. This includes the United States of 
America and the Cayman Islands. 
Your personal data will only be retained for as long as necessary for the 
purposes for which it was collected, as 
reasonably determined by the Data Controller. The Data Controller is unable 
to state at the outset how long that period 
will be; it will be at least for the period you remain a Limited Partner and 
may extend beyond this period where necessary 
for the Manager, the General Partner, the Fund or other relevant entities to 
comply with their respective legal and 
regulatory obligation or to facilitate the Fund's on-going administration 
and performance. 
After providing personal information in connection with your investment in 
the Fund, you will have various rights in 
respect of the information you provide. These include, your right to: 
• 
request access to your personal data; 
• obtain information about the use of your personal data including: (i) the 
purposes for which your personal data 
is being used; (ii) the categories of your personal data being used; (iii) 
to whom your personal data has been or 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
EFTA01398116
--- PAGE 318 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
will be disclosed; (iv) where possible, the period for which your data will 
be retained; (v) your right to require 
rectification or erasure of your personal data or restrict or object to its 
use; (vi) your right to lodge a complaint 
with the UK Information Commissioner's Office (the "ICO") or other 
supervisory authority; and (vii) whether your 
data is subject to any automated decision-making including profiling; 
• 
require rectification (correction) of errors in your personal data without 
undue delay; 
• have your personal data erased without undue delay in certain 
circumstances including where: (i) your personal 
data is no longer needs to be processed for the purposes for which it was 
collected; (ii) your personal data has 
been processed unlawfully; and (iii) erasure is required by applicable law; 
• 
restrict the processing of your personal data in certain situations 
including where: (i) you are contesting the 
accuracy of your personal data; (ii) your data is being processed unlawfully 
but you do not want your data 
erased; (iii) your personal data is no longer needed for the purposes for 
which you provided it but you require 
that data to help establish, exercise or defend legal claims; and 
• 
receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-
readable format and transmit that data 
to a third party. 
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please use the 
contact details below. 
If you wish to exercise any of these rights and the Data Controller has 
transferred your data to a third party, the Data 
Controller will communicate such request to each relevant third party unless 
it would be impossible or involve 
disproportionate effort for the Data Controller to do so. 
* 
* 
To the extent you have any questions about the processing of your 
information or wish to exercise any of the rights 
referred to above, please contact Deirdre Davies at Glendower Capital, LLP 
at 16 Berkeley Street, London, W13 8DZ, 
United Kingdom. 
You can also bring any issues or concerns you have regarding your personal 
data to the attention of the ICO which, for 
purposes of an investment in the Fund, will be the relevant supervisory 
authority. 
Details regarding the ICO and its powers can be found at: www.ICO.org.uk. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
100 
EFTA01398117
--- PAGE 319 ---
EFTA01398118
--- PAGE 320 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 3 Anti-Money Laundering 
GENERAL ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING CONSIDERATIONS 
The Manager takes seriously its responsibility to prevent the Fund from 
being used for money laundering or other illicit 
purposes. To comply with anti-money laundering laws, the Manager or any 
designee thereof may require a detailed 
verification of the identity and residence of each Investor (and each person 
who holds a beneficial interest in each 
Investor) and the source of the payment of the investment. Each of the 
Manager or its designee reserves the right to 
request such information as it considers necessary to verify the identity of 
any Investor (and each person who holds a 
beneficial interest in each Investor) and may also independently obtain such 
information. In the event of delay or failure 
by any Investor to produce any information required for verification 
purposes, the Manager or its designee may refuse to 
accept such Investor's subscription for an Interest, and any funds received 
will be returned to the account from which 
such funds were sent (unless such return is, in the judgment of the Manager 
or its designee, contrary to applicable law, 
regulation or the instructions of law enforcement officials, in which case 
the funds may be blocked or retained). If the 
Manager or its designee has a suspicion obtained in the course of business 
that any person is engaged in money 
laundering or other illegal activity, the Manager must, notwithstanding any 
obligations of confidentiality that might 
otherwise apply, report such suspicion to the appropriate authorities 
pursuant to applicable law. 
ANTI-MONEY LAUNDERING LEGISLATION 
In order to comply with applicable anti-money laundering legislation, the 
Manager has an obligation to ask each Investor 
questions regarding its identity, address, source of funds and, if 
necessary, legal representatives, authorized signatories, 
beneficial owners or control structures and to collect requisite 
documentation to substantiate the information. Also, 
enhanced anti-money laundering regulations require that should any of the 
above personal or institutional information 
change, such clients must immediately notify the Manager of the change(s) 
and provide the Manager with relevant 
documentation to verify these changes. 
ECONOMIC SANCTION REGULATIONS 
Each Investor will be required to make representations and warranties to the 
Manager that, among other things, the 
Interests to be purchased by the Investor will not be held by, or for the 
benefit of, any person currently subject to UK 
sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions administered by 
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the 
U.S. Treasury Department (collectively, the "Sanction Regulations"). The 
Manager and its designee may undertake 
EFTA01398119
--- PAGE 321 ---
their own efforts to verify the accuracy of any Investor's representations 
and warranties and, so long as an Investor holds 
an Interest, may seek to verify that neither the Investor nor any person 
holding a beneficial interest in the Investor is 
subject to any then-applicable Sanction Regulations. The Manager also may be 
required in the future to obtain 
additional disclosures from an Investor (and each of the beneficial owners 
of such Investor) to comply with the Sanction 
Regulations. If the Manager or its designee determines that an Investor or a 
person holding a beneficial interest in an 
Investor is subject to any of the Sanction Regulations, the Manager may be 
obligated by law to block and retain an 
Investor's investment. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
101 
EFTA01398120
--- PAGE 322 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 4 Key Definitions 
25% Test 
Administration 
Agreement 
Advance 
Advisers Act 
AIFMD 
Alternative Vehicle 
Benefit Plan Investor 
BEPS 
Brexit 
Carried Interest 
CFCs 
CFTC 
Closing 
Code 
Commitment 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The administrative services agreement, to be entered into at or around the 
date of the First 
Closing, among the Administrator and the Fund. 
An amount equal to 99.99% of a Limited Partner's Commitment which may be 
drawn down 
from time to time in the form of advances to the Fund. 
The U.S. Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. 
The EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU). 
An alternative investment vehicle through which the Manager will have the 
right, in connection 
with any investment, to direct the Advances of some or all of the Limited 
Partners to be made. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Base erosion and profit shifting. 
As defined in Section 7: Risk Factors. 
The distributions to the Special Limited Partner described in sub-paragraphs 
(iii) and (iv) of 
the "Distributions" paragraph of Section 6: Summary of Principal Terms and 
Conditions. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission. 
The First Closing and one or more additional closings of the Fund to admit 
additional 
Investors. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
A Limited Partner's commitment to the Fund. 
Complementary Fund A multiple third party investor fund with investment 
objectives and strategies that overlap with 
the Fund but are dedicated to pursuing investment opportunities relating to 
specific asset 
categories or strategies. 
EFTA01398121
--- PAGE 323 ---
Covered Person 
Each of the General Partner, the Manager, their respective affiliates, the 
Fund Advisory 
Committee members, their respective affiliates, the directors, officers, 
partners, members, 
employees or agents of each of them. 
CPO 
Data Controller 
A "commodity pool operator" for purposes of CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3). 
Glendower Capital. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
102 
EFTA01398122
--- PAGE 324 ---
reg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Depositary Agreement The depositary agreement, to be entered into at or 
around the date of the First Closing, 
among the Depositary, the Manager and the Fund. 
Deutsche Asset 
Management 
Deutsche Bank 
DOL 
dollars, US$ or $ 
DPI 
ECI 
Eligible Investors 
Eligible Non-U.S. 
Investor 
Eligible U.S. Investor 
ERISA 
EU AIF 
Exchange Act 
FATCA 
FCA 
Feeder Fund 
FFI 
Final Admission Date 
First Closing 
FMV 
foreign passthru 
payments 
FSMA 
The private equity and alternatives business of Deutsche Bank. 
Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates. 
U.S. Department of Labor. 
U.S. dollars. 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Eligible Non-U.S. Investors and Eligible U.S. Investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 
An "alternative investment fund" under the AIFMD which is authorized, 
registered or has its 
principal place of business in a European Economic Area member state. 
The U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance provisions of the Code. 
UK Financial Conduct Authority. 
A feeder fund established by the General Partner or the Manager which will 
invest in the Fund 
or a Parallel Fund to accommodate the investment requirements of certain 
investors. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The last date on which Investors may be admitted to the Fund. 
EFTA01398123
--- PAGE 325 ---
The event at which Investors are first admitted to the Fund. 
Fair Market Value. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The UK Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
103 
EFTA01398124
--- PAGE 326 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Fund Advisory 
Committee 
The advisory committee, comprising representatives of certain Limited 
Partners, established 
by the Fund to consult with the General Partner or Manager as to potential 
conflicts of 
interest, methods of valuation and certain other matters. 
Fund Documents 
Fund Partnership 
Agreement 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Sponsor 
General Partner 
General Partner's 
Share 
Glendower Capital or 
Glendower 
The Fund Partnership Agreement and certain other legal documents in respect 
of the Fund. 
The amended and restated limited partnership agreement of the Fund. 
An investment interest in an established generalist and specialist private 
equity fund structure 
(including a funds of fund, feeder fund or other similar structure). 
A general partner, manager or adviser of a private equity investment fund. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited, a special purpose entity established 
in the Cayman 
Islands as an exempted limited company. 
The profit share distributed to the General Partner by the Fund. 
Glendower Capital, LLP, an English limited liability partnership. 
Glendower SOF Team As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
GP 
GP-led Secondary 
Gross IRR 
Interest 
Invested Capital 
The general partner, manager or equivalent in respect of an underlying 
investment fund. 
An investment interest in a portfolio of private equity assets on the 
secondary market. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return. 
A limited partnership interest in the Fund. 
With respect to a Limited Partner or a Feeder Fund investor, such Limited 
Partner's or such 
Feeder Fund investor's (a) drawn down Commitment (or equivalent), that is, 
at the date of 
determination, invested in portfolio investments, and (b) undrawn Commitment 
(or equivalent) 
that the Manager has reasonably reserved for portfolio investments. 
Investment Committee An investment committee to be established by the 
EFTA01398125
--- PAGE 327 ---
Manager that, inter alia, will screen and 
evaluate investment opportunities for the Fund. 
Investment Company 
Act 
Investment 
Management 
Agreement 
The U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
The investment management agreement relating to the appointment of the 
Manager as the 
investment manager of the Fund. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
104 
EFTA01398126
--- PAGE 328 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Investment Period 
The period from the First Closing until the end of the quarter following the 
earliest to occur of 
(i) the date on which 100% of aggregate Commitments have been invested, 
committed for 
investment, used to pay expenses and liabilities, or formally reserved for 
such purpose, and 
(ii) four years from the Final Admission Date. 
Investment Platforms 
Investment 
Restriction Base 
Investor 
IRS 
Key Persons 
LIBOR 
Limited Partner 
LP 
Manager 
Managing Partners 
Memorandum 
NAV 
Net IRR 
OECD 
Offshore Fund Rules 
Operating 
Partnerships 
Parallel Fund 
Partners 
Partnership Audit 
Rules 
The Fund and various investment vehicles (including separate accounts) 
sponsored or 
advised by the Manager and its affiliates. 
(a) Prior to the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the greater of (i) 
US$1.75 billion 
and (ii) the aggregate Commitments accepted as at the date of determination 
and 
(b) following the Final Admission Date, an amount equal to the aggregate 
Commitments. 
A qualified prospective investor in the Fund. 
The U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 
Charles Smith, Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, Adam Graev and Chi Cheung (and their 
replacements). 
London Interbank Offered Rate. 
A limited partner of the Fund. 
An investor in an underlying fund. 
Glendower. 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and Charles Smith. 
This confidential private placement memorandum, as amended or supplemented 
EFTA01398127
--- PAGE 329 ---
from time to 
time. 
As defined in Appendix 5: Important Performance Information. 
Net Internal Rate of Return. 
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development. 
The Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010 and the Offshore 
Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
A parallel fund established by the General Partner or the Manager to 
accommodate the 
investment requirements of certain investors. 
The Limited Partners together with the General Partner. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
105 
EFTA01398128
--- PAGE 330 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
PFICs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Push-Out Election 
QEF 
RVPI 
Sanction Regulations 
SEC 
Second GP 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Residual value to paid-in capital. 
Collectively UK sanctions, UN sanctions, EU sanctions, and/or U.S. sanctions 
administered 
by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department. 
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (Alternate GP), LLP, an English limited liability 
partnership (but 
see Section 6: Summary of Terms and Conditions for the description of the 
limited role of the 
Second GP). 
Securities Act 
Side Letter 
The U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
A side letter or other written agreement with one or more Limited Partners 
which has the 
effect of establishing additional rights (including, for example, reducing 
the General Partner's 
Share chargeable with respect to such Limited Partner), or altering or 
supplementing the 
terms of the Fund Partnership Agreement. 
Single Asset Deal 
SOF 
SOF A 
SOF B 
SOF C 
SOF D 
SOF II 
SOF III 
SOF IV or the Fund 
SOF Business 
SOF Funds or the SOF 
Program 
SOF Team 
Special Limited 
Partner 
A co-investment in an individual portfolio company alongside one or more 
private equity fund 
sponsors. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund (comprising SOF A, SOF B and SOF C). 
EFTA01398129
--- PAGE 331 ---
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited 
partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP, a Scottish limited partnership. 
Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP, an English limited partnership. 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP. 
Deutsche Asset Management's Secondaries Opportunities Fund investment 
program. 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III, collectively. 
As defined in Section 1: Executive Summary. 
An affiliate of the Manager that shall receive Carried Interest. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
106 
EFTA01398130
--- PAGE 332 ---
Greg Martin 
en over Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Subsequent Closing 
Partner 
Team Investment 
Total Value 
TVPI or Net Multiple 
U.S. 
U.S. Adviser 
U.S. IGA 
UBTI 
UK 
UK AIFM Regulation 
Limited Partners admitted to the Fund at a Closing subsequent to the First 
Closing. 
The investment in the Fund by certain individuals that are partners or 
employees of the 
Manager and Glendower U.S. 
Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital. 
The United States of America. 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
The Model 1 intergovernmental agreement entered into between the UK and the 
U S. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The United Kingdom. 
The Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (2013 No. 1773). 
UK FATCA Legislation As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax 
Considerations. 
USRPHCs 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
UTR 
Valuation Committee 
withholdable 
payments 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
The valuation committee established by the Manager. 
As defined in Section 9: Certain Legal, ERISA and Tax Considerations. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
107 
EFTA01398131
--- PAGE 333 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 5 Important Performance Information 
Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI"): Represents aggregate distributions 
to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. 
Gross fund data (gross TVPI, etc.): Gross performance data reflects amounts 
net of the underlying investments' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses but before the SOF Funds' 
carried interest, management fees and other 
expenses. 
Gross multiple: Represents Total Value as a multiple of capital invested by 
the SOF Funds. 
Gross Internal Rate of Return ("Gross IRR"): calculated as a gross return at 
the SOF Funds level net of the underlying 
investments' carried interest, management fees and other expenses and is 
based on the actual timing of cash inflows 
(regardless of whether drawdowns of limited partners were made at a later 
date as a result of the subscription-line 
financing) and outflows for the SOF Funds' investments and the value of the 
remaining investments as of the most recent 
reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value (positive or 
negative) of foreign currency option contracts. 
Net Asset Value ("NAV"): Equals total assets minus total liabilities as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless provided otherwise). In 
determining the SOF Funds' NAV, the Manager values the SOF Funds' 
investments in good faith based on the 
reasonable judgment of the Manager taking into account available information 
it considers relevant, including information 
provided by the fund managers and general partners of the underlying funds. 
Because of the inherent uncertainty of the 
valuation, the estimated valuation may differ significantly and materially 
from the value that would have been used had a 
ready market existed or had the investment been liquidated. The long-term 
value of the investments may be lesser or 
greater than the valuation provided. The value includes unrealized 
appreciation, which may or may not be realized. 
Net fund data (net TVPI, etc.): Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Net Internal Rate of Return ("Net IRR"): calculated as a net return and is 
based on the actual dates of the cash inflows 
(capital contributions), outflows (cash and in specie distributions) and the 
value of the remaining investments as of the 
most recent reported date (June 30, 2017), including the fair value 
(positive or negative) of foreign currency option 
contracts and is calculated after the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Residual Value to Paid-in Capital ("RVPI"): Represents the value of the SOF 
Funds investors' interest held within the 
SOF Funds relative to aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net 
EFTA01398132
--- PAGE 334 ---
of the SOF Funds' carried interest, 
management fees and other expenses. 
Total Value: Represents realized proceeds and unrealized value as of the 
stated date. 
Total Value to Paid-in Capital ("TVPI"): TVPI = DPI + RVPI 
Effects of Leverage on Gross and Net IRR: Calculations of net and gross IRRs 
in respect of investment and 
performance data included and/or referred to in this Memorandum are based on 
the payment date of capital contributions 
or advances received from limited partners, even in instances where a fund 
or account utilizes borrowings under a 
subscription line facility. The use of a subscription-based credit facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) with respect to 
investments will result in a higher reported Gross IRR and Net IRR at the 
fund-level than if such subscription line facility 
(or other fund-level leverage) had not been used and instead the investors' 
capital had been contributed at the inception 
of each such investment. This is due to the fact that calculations of Gross 
IRR and Net IRR are based on the period of 
time between (a) the date of limited partner contributions for a relevant 
investment (and not the date the investment was 
made) and (b) the date of distribution from the applicable fund or account 
to investors. Therefore, if a subscription line 
facility is used to fund an investment, capital may be called more slowly 
from the limited partners to repay such 
borrowings, which would shorten the time between such contribution and 
distribution and consequently increase 
Gross IRR and Net IRR. 
Benchmark Analysis: Any benchmarking analysis or other comparison herein of 
the performance of the SOF Funds 
against the performance of other investment funds pursuing direct or 
indirect private equity strategies (each, an "Other 
PE Fund") is qualified as follows: (i) each such Other PE Fund may employ 
different investment objectives or investment 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
108 
EFTA01398133
--- PAGE 335 ---
Greg Martin 
en ower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
criteria than the SOF Funds; (ii) the performance information respect of 
each Other PE Fund is based solely on 
information available from third party sources which may not be complete or 
accurate; (iii) use of leverage or other 
factors may mean that the performance information herein in respect of the 
SOF Funds and the Other PE Funds may not 
be directly comparable; and (iv) the Other PE Funds selected herein may not 
necessarily to represent an appropriate 
comparison against the performance of the SOF Funds. 
General 
The performance information provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche 
Alternative Asset Management (Global) 
Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to the Manager and relates to the SOF 
Funds and the related individual underlying 
transactions, in respect of which the Manager's investment team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers 
and/or investment committee members while employed at Deutsche Bank. The 
Manager takes responsibility for its use 
of this performance information and its compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations, rules and guidelines, including, 
but not limited to, the Advisers Act, and in particular, Rule 204-2 
thereunder, and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for 
the use of such performance information by the Manager. 
The investment performance included herein is intended solely to provide 
recipients with information about the 
investment and operational experience of the SOF Team. Certain of the SOF 
Team were principally responsible for the 
investments included in such investment performance. Such investment 
performance information relates to investments 
made by the SOF Team while a part of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating the 
investment track record, recipients should note 
that the SOF Team does not include all of the investment and operations 
professionals that were part of Deutsche Bank. 
Except where noted, the performance information contained in this Memorandum 
is a combination of both actual realized 
proceeds as well as projected proceeds based on the Manager's business plans 
as of the date indicated. The 
information is presented for information purposes only, and is not 
representative of the actual returns received by an 
investor in the SOF Funds. 
The NAV and performance results provided for the SOF Funds are based on the 
financial information reported as of 
June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) by the GPs/managers of the 
underlying fund investments and are adjusted for 
contributions, distributions, and subsequent events to the extent that they 
have, in the opinion of the Manager, an impact 
on the fair value of the underlying fund investment. The valuations of 
public stocks in the portfolio have been adjusted to 
their June 30, 2017 (unless otherwise provided) trading price. 
EFTA01398134
--- PAGE 336 ---
Except where designated as "net," the projected returns and financial 
information contained herein are based on the 
projected gross cash flows of the SOF Funds or the relevant deal/portfolio. 
Gross cash flows do not take into account 
deductions for Fund-level expenses, management and other fees, incentive 
distributions, or other potential expenses 
such as currency exchange costs or losses. All of these may be a significant 
reduction against the gross returns. 
The projected cash flows and other return and financial information in this 
Memorandum are based, in part, on the 
Manager's business plans as of the date indicated and take into account such 
factors as the Manager deems relevant as 
of the date indicated. However, changes in a number of factors, including 
(without limitation) global and local economic 
conditions, the financial markets crisis and interest rates may cause the 
actual results to vary, perhaps significantly, from 
those projected. Further, events assumed to occur may not occur, and other 
events may occur which were not assumed 
to occur or otherwise taken into account in preparing the data contained 
herein. Such events could materially and 
adversely affect the analysis. 
Moreover, the performance information set out in this Memorandum speaks only 
as of the date indicated; it was not 
revised to take account of events which have occurred subsequent to the date 
indicated and is subject to change. 
Accordingly, it may not be representative of values or the amount that may 
ultimately be received with respect of an 
investment. No assurance can be given as to the actual events that may occur 
or the appropriate assumptions to be 
applied. Information herein includes or is based upon certain "forward 
looking statements." These forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, the plans, projections, 
objectives, expectations and intentions of the SOF 
Funds and the Manager and other statements contained herein that are not 
historical facts. These statements are based 
on current beliefs or expectations and are inherently subject to significant 
uncertainties and changes in circumstances, 
many of which are beyond the control of the SOF Funds and the Manager. 
Actual results may differ materially and 
adversely from these expectations due to changes in, among other things, 
global, political, economic, business, 
competitive, market and regulatory factors. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results and there can be no 
assurance that the Fund will be able to 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
109 
EFTA01398135
--- PAGE 337 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
achieve comparable returns to those contained in this Memorandum. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
110 
EFTA01398136
--- PAGE 338 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 6 Directory 
Fund 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities 
Fund IV, LP 
Manager 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Special 
Counsel to the 
General 
Partner and 
the Manager 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Gresham Street 
London, EC2V 7NQ 
Auditors to the 
General Partner 
Any of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers 
LLP, Deloitte Touche 
Tohmatsu, KPMG or 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Depositary 
Aztec Financial Services 
(UK) Limited 
Fund Administrator Gen II Fund Services LLC 
Global 
Placement 
Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset 
Management Limited 
Regional Placement 
Agents 
Raymond James & 
Associates, Inc. 
Raymond James Financial 
Services, Inc. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
111 
EFTA01398137
--- PAGE 339 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Appendix 7 Board of Directors of the General Partner 
It is currently proposed that the following individuals will comprise the 
board of directors of the General Partner: 
Alan Turner. Alan is an attorney at law who has practiced in the Cayman 
Islands since 1988. Alan is a partner of 
Turners and a former partner of Walkers. Alan is also a director of 
Circumference FS (Cayman) Ltd. ("Circumference"), 
an independent fiduciary services business in the Cayman Islands. Alan acts 
as a director of a number of companies 
involved in complex structures including hedge funds, private equity funds, 
general partners of limited partnerships, 
companies involved in structured finance and asset finance transactions and 
various holding companies. 
Andrew Johnson. Andrew is a director of Circumference. Andrew has over 
twenty years of experience in the offshore 
financial services industry, specializing in investment funds, 
securitizations, structured finance, captive insurance 
management and financial planning strategies for special purpose vehicles. 
He holds a bachelor's degree in Accounting 
from Florida State University and received his Certified Public Accountant 
certificate in the state of Georgia. Andrew is 
also a Chartered Global Management Accountant. Andrew is a member and past 
president of the Cayman Islands 
Institute of Professional Accountants. He serves as Chairman of the board of 
the YMCA of the Cayman Islands and 
previously served on the board of Cayman Finance. Finally, he is a member of 
the American Institute of Certified Public 
Accountants. 
Kirsten Le Pape. Kirsten graduated with an accounting degree from Averett 
University, Virginia, in 1991. Kirsten 
worked with a major hotel corporation at a high management level before she 
joined Circumference in 2007, where she 
is now Senior Vice President. Kirsten acts as a director on a number of 
companies involved in complex structures 
including hedge funds, private equity funds, general partners of limited 
partnerships and various other entities. 
Vanessa Barrett. Vanessa is an experienced fund director having worked in 
the hedge fund industry for more than 18 
years across a number of key jurisdictions, including Bermuda, Ireland, the 
UK and USA. She has extensive experience 
in working with a wide range of hedge funds, fund of funds and private 
equity funds and has advised investment 
managers on Cayman fund launches and appropriate structures. She has broad 
knowledge of hedge fund operations, 
fund governance, compliance, fund risk analysis and product development and 
has managed projects for major fund 
management clients, including U.S., European and Asian firms. Prior to 
becoming an independent fund director in the 
Cayman Islands, Vanessa was Head of Business Development and Client 
EFTA01398138
--- PAGE 340 ---
Relations for Alternative Fund Services at 
UBS Global Asset Management in London where she was responsible for the 
strategic development and growth of Fund 
Services. She also worked for UBS Fund Services in the Cayman Islands. 
Vanessa began her career with Ernst & Young 
in financial services audit in Bermuda and San Francisco. Vanessa graduated 
with a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.), 
from University College Cork (Ireland) and is a Fellow of the Institute of 
Chartered Accountants in Ireland. 
Confidential Private Placement Memorandum 
112 
EFTA01398139
--- PAGE 341 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
For additional information, please contact: 
United States 
Glendower Capital (U.S.), LLC 
410 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
Attention: Joshua C. Glaser 
Email: 
Global Placement Agent 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited 
Columbus Courtyard 
London, E14 4DA 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Michael J. Murphy 
Email: 
Europe, MENA And Asia Pacific 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
Berkeley Street 
London, W1J 8DZ 
United Kingdom 
Attention: Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Email: carlo. 
Confidential 
113 
EFTA01398140
--- PAGE 342 ---
IIIIIIIIIIireg Martin 
EFTA01398141

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398142.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398142.pdf
----------------------------------------
Greg Martin 
CONFIDENTIAL 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. 
Overview 
April 2018 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01398142
--- PAGE 2 ---
NM 
Greg Martin 
Important Information 
The information contained herein (the "Presentation") is for informational 
and discussion purposes only and is not, and may not be relied on in any 
manner as, legal, tax or investment advice, any recommendation or opinion 
regarding the appropriateness or suitability of any investment or strategy, 
or as an offer to sell or a solicitation ofan offer to buy an interest in 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Underlying 
Fund") or 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), L.P. (the "Access 
Fund"). A private offering of interests in the Access Fund will be made only 
pursuant to the Access Fund's Private Placement Memorandum (the "Offering 
Memorandum"), which will be furnished only to qualified prospective 
investors on a confidential basis. The Presentation is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the Offering Memorandum, which contains more 
detailed 
information about the Access Fund's investment objective, terms and 
conditions and also contains tax information and risk disclosures that are 
important to any investment decision regarding the Access Fund. No person 
has been authorized to make any statement concerning the Access Fund 
other than as set forth in the Offering Memorandum and any such statements, 
if made, may not be relied upon. The information contained herein must 
be kept strictly confidential and may not be reproduced or redistributed in 
any format without the approval of the General Partner of the Access Fund 
and the General Partner ofthe Underlying Fund. 
This Presentation, other than the description of the Access Fund Terms, was 
not created for the Access Fund and does not describe an investment in 
the Access Fund. There are important differences between the Access Fund and 
the Underlying Fund described in the Presentation. An investment in 
the Access Fund is not suitable for all investors. Prospective investors 
should be aware that investing in the Access Fund involves a high degree of 
risk. There can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the Underlying Fund 
will achieve their investment objectives or that investors will receive a 
return on their capital. The possibility of partial or total loss of capital 
will exist and prospective investors must be prepared to bear capital losses 
that 
may result from investments. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Access Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in the Access Fund, 
prospective investors should read the Offering Memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the Risk Factors contained therein. The fees and 
expenses charged in an investment in the Access Fund may be higher than the 
fees and expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. 
Both the Access Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or 
management fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance 
allocations and other expenses that will reduce returns. Investors should 
have the financial ability and willingness to accept the risk 
characteristics of the Access Fund's investments. Potential conflicts of 
interest may arise 
between the General Partner and the Limited Partners, such conflicts of 
interest are describedmore fully in the Offering Memorandum. 
EFTA01398143
--- PAGE 3 ---
In considering any performance data contained in the Presentation, you 
should bear in mind that past or targeted performance is not indicative of 
future results, and there can be no assurance that the Access Fund or the 
Underlying Fund will achieve comparable results. Prospective investors 
should also bear in mind that past or targeted portfolio characteristics are 
not indicative of future portfolio characteristics and there can be no 
assurance that any fund will have comparable portfolio characteristics or 
that target portfolio characteristics will be achieved. The value of 
investments 
can go down as well as up. In addition, there can be no assurance that 
unrealized investments will be realized at the valuations shown as actual 
realized returns will depend on, among other factors, future operating 
results, the value of the assets and market conditions at the time of 
disposition, 
any related transaction costs, and the timing and manner of sale, all 
ofwhich may be different from the assumptions on which the valuations 
contained 
herein are based. IRRs presented on a "gross" basis do not reflect any 
management fees, carried interest, taxes and allocable expenses borne by 
investors, which in the aggregate may be substantial. Therefore, actual 
performance of the Underlying Fund after deduction ofsuch fees and expenses 
would be lower than the gross performance reflected in this Presentation. 
Further, investors in the Access Fund will experience lower returns than 
investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as a result of the 
additional fees and expenses associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund. Nothing contained herein should be deemed to be prediction or 
projection of future performance ofthe Underlying Fund or the Access Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01398144
--- PAGE 4 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information (Continued) 
NOTE: Historical returns presented herein do not include any fees and 
expenses that would be associated with an investment in the Access 
Fund, which would have the effect oflowering the net returns experienced by 
an investor. 
Benchmarks and financial indices are shown for illustrative purposes only 
and are provided for the purpose ofmaking general market data available as 
a point of reference only. Such benchmarks and financial indices may not be 
available for direct investment, may be unmanaged, assume 
reinvestment of income, do not reflect the impact of any trading commissions 
and costs, management or performance fees, and have limitations when 
used for comparison or other purposes because they, among other reasons, may 
have different trading strategy, volatility, credit or other material 
characteristics. No representation is made that any benchmark or index is an 
appropriate measure for comparison. 
Alternative investments often are speculative and include a high degree of 
risk. Investors could lose all or a substantial amount of their investment. 
Alternative investments are suitable only for eligible, long-term investors 
who are willing to forgo liquidity and put capital at risk for an indefinite 
period 
of time. They may be highly illiquid and can engage in leverage and other 
speculative practices that may increase the volatility and risk of loss. 
Alternative Investments typically have higher fees than traditional 
investments. Investors should carefully review and consider potential risks 
before 
investing. Certain of these risks may include but are not limited to: 
• Loss of all or a substantial portion ofthe investment due to leveraging, 
short-selling, or other speculative practices; 
• Lack of liquidity in that there may be no secondary market for a fund; 
• Volatility of returns; 
• Restrictions on transferring interests in a fund; 
• Potential lack of diversification and resulting higher risk due to 
concentration of trading authority when a single advisor is utilized; 
Absence of 
information regarding valuations and pricing; 
• Complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting; 
• Less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds; and 
• Risks associated with the operations, personnel, and processes of the 
manager 
Purchasers of Interests will be limited partners in the Access Fund and will 
not be limited partners of the Underlying Fund, will have no direct 
interestin 
the Underlying Fund, will have no voting rights in the Underlying Fund and 
will have no standing or recourse against the Underlying Fund or the 
General Partner or Manager of the Underlying Fund or their respective 
officers, directors, members, partners, shareholders or employees, agents or 
affiliates (or any officer, director, member, partner, shareholder, employee 
or agent of any such affiliate). The offering of interests is not, and 
should not be considered, an offering of limited partner interests in the 
Underlying Fund. Moreover, none of the Access Fund, the General Partner of 
EFTA01398145
--- PAGE 5 ---
the Access Fund or any of their respective affiliates has the right to 
participate in the control, management or operations of the Underlying Fund 
or has 
any discretion over the management of the Underlying Fund. Both the Access 
Fund and the Underlying Fund impose administrative or management 
fees, custodial accounting and other service fees, performance allocations 
and other expenses that will reduce returns. Returns to limited partnersin 
the Access Fund will be lower than those from a direct investment in the 
Underlying Fund. iCapital Advisors, LLC, a subsidiary of Institutional 
Capital 
Network, Inc. (d/b/a iCapital Network), is an investment adviser registered 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The 
registrations and memberships above in no way imply that the SEC has 
endorsed the entities, products or services discussed herein. Additional 
Information is available upon request. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01398146
--- PAGE 6 ---
-Greg 
Martin 
Additional Disclosures Regarding Certain Risk Factors 
The risks associated with investing in a private equity fund generally 
include: 
• Limited Regulatory Oversight - Since private equity funds are typically 
private investments, they do not face the same oversight and scrutiny from 
financial regulatory entities such as the Securities and Exchange Commission 
("SEC") and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as 
regulated investment companies, (i.e., open-end or closed-end mutual funds) 
including requirements for such entities to provide certain periodic 
pricing and valuation information to investors. Private equity offering 
documents are not reviewed or approved by the SEC or any US state 
securities administrator or any other regulatory body. Also, managers may 
not be required by law or regulation to supply investors with their 
portfolio holdings, pricing, or valuation information. 
• Portfolio Concentration; Volatility - Many private equity funds may have a 
more concentrated or less diversified portfolio than an average mutual 
fund. While a more concentrated portfolio can have good results when a 
manager is correct, it can also cause a portfolio to have higher volatility. 
• Strategy Risk - Many private equity funds employ a single investment 
strategy. Thus, a private equity fund may be subject to strategy risk, 
associated with the failure or deterioration ofan entire strategy. 
• Use of Leverage and Other Speculative Investment Practices - Since many 
private equity fund managers use leverage and speculative investment 
strategies such as options, investors should be aware of the potential 
risks. When used prudently and for the purpose of risk reduction, these 
instruments can add value to a portfolio. However, when leverage is used 
excessively and the market goes down, a portfolio can suffer 
tremendously. When options are used to speculate (i.e., buy calls, short 
puts), a portfolio's returns can suffer and the risk of the portfolio can 
increase. 
• Valuations — Further there have been a number ofhigh profile instances 
where private equity fund managers have mispriced portfolios, either as an 
act of fraud or negligence. 
• Performance - Past performance is not necessarily indicative and is not a 
guarantee of a private equity fund's future results or performance. Some 
private equity funds may have little or no operating history or performance 
and may use hypothetical or pro forma performance that may not reflect 
actual trading done by the manager or advisor and should be reviewed 
carefully. Investors should not place undue reliance on hypothetical or pro 
forma performance. 
• Limited Liquidity - Investors in private equity funds have limited rights 
to transfer their investments. In addition, since private equity funds are 
not 
listed on any exchange, it is not expected that there will be a secondary 
market for them. Repurchases may be available, but only on a limited 
basis. A private equity fund's manager may deny a request to transfer if it 
determines that the transfer may result in adverse legal or tax 
consequences for the private equity fund. 
• Tax Risks — Investors in certain jurisdictions and in private equity funds 
generally may be subject to pass-through tax treatment on their investment. 
EFTA01398147
--- PAGE 7 ---
This may result in an investor incurring tax liabilities during a year in 
which the investor does not receive a distribution of any cash from the 
fund. In 
addition, an investor may not receive any or only limited tax information 
from private equity funds and may not receive tax information from 
underlying managers in a sufficiently timely manner to enable an investor to 
file its return without requesting an extension of time to file. In certain 
jurisdictions a lack oftax information may result in an investor being taxed 
on a deemed basis at an adverse rate of tax. 
• Fees and Expenses - Most private equity funds charge both an asset-based 
management fee and a performance-based incentive fee or allocation. 
As a result, the fees and expenses associated with private equity investing 
may exceed those ofa long-onlymutual fund. 
• Reliance on Fund Manager; Lack of Transparency - A private equity fund's 
manager or general partner has total investment authority over the 
private fund. There is often a lack of transparency as to a private equity 
fund's underlying investments. Because of this lack of transparency, an 
investor may be unable to monitor the specific investments made by the 
private equity fund or to know whether the investments are consistent with 
the private equity fund's historic investment philosophy or risk levels. Due 
to the risks mentioned above, it is important to perform proper due 
diligence in evaluating and choosing private equity fund managers to place 
your money with. There have been occasions when private equity fund 
managers took on too much risk in their portfolio and lost a substantial 
amount of their investors' money. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01398148
--- PAGE 8 ---
Greg Martin 
Summary of Key Terms 
This is a summary of terms only. This summary of the Access Fund's terms is 
qualified in its entirety by the Private Placement Memorandum of the Access 
Fund, as may be amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time, and the Amended and Restated 
Limited Partnership Agreement of the Access Fund. 
Underlying Fund 
Fund Name 
General Partner 
Investment Manager 
Structure 
Strategy 
Minimum Commitment 
Target Size 
Fund Term 
Capital Calls 
Investment Period 
Administrator 
Legal Counsel 
Reporting 
Placement Fee 
Management Fee3 
Investment Period 
Two Years after the end 
of the Investment Period 
Thereafter through the 
end of the Fund terms 
Carried interest 
Subsequent Closing Fee 
(if not first close) 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
Glendower Capital SOF IV (GP) Limited 
Glendower Capital, LLP 
English Private Fund Limited Partnership 
Invest in private equity assets on the secondary market globally 
$5 million 
$1.75 billion 
years from the date of the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date plus up 
to 5 
one-year extensions (the first 3 one-year extensions are at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final 2 one-year extensions require the consent of the SOF 
IV 
advisory committee) 
For the purposes of making investments and/or paying expenses; generally upon 
business days' prior written notice 
Four years from the Underlying Fund's Final Admission Date 
An AIFMD-compliant depositary will be appointed by the Fund prior to the 
Underlying Fund's first closing. This first closing will not occur prior to 
EFTA01398149
--- PAGE 9 ---
the date on 
which such AIFMD-compliant depositary has been formally appointed as the 
Underlying Fund's depositary and fund administrator 
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP 
Audited annual accounts as well as unaudited quarterly financial statements 
(2nd 
and 3rd quarters only) and unaudited quarterly capital account statements 
N/A 
Net of 15 basis point discount against Underlying Fund fees reserved for 
Access fund only 
1.10% of Committed Capital 
0.85% of Invested Capital 
The greater of 90% of previous year and 0.25% of Invested Capital 
Access Fund* 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV (U.S.), LP 
Glendower Access Secondary Opportunities IV GP, LLC 
iCapital Advisors, LLC 
Delaware Limited Partnership 
The Access Fund will invest substantially all of its investable assets into 
the 
Underlying Fund 
$250,000 
N/A 
The Access Fund will continue in existence through the one-year anniversary 
of the 
dissolution of the Underlying Fund (and accordingly, shall extend 
automatically 
upon the extension of the Underlying Fund's term), with two additional one-
year 
optional extension periods at the discretion of its General Partner 
Generally upon 7 business days' notice 
N/A 
Third Party Administrator 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
Quarterly reports, capital account statements and year-end audited financial 
statements 
Up to 2.00% payable to DBSI or an affiliate thereof 
Access Fund 
Commitment 
<$3 million 
$3 - <$5 million 
$5 million+6 
12.50% after an 8.00% preferred return with a 100% GP catch-up and full 
clawback 
Higher of (a) Three-month USD LIBOR plus 2.00% and (b) 8.00% 
During Investment 
Period4 
1.00% 
EFTA01398150
--- PAGE 10 ---
0.75% 
0.25% 
Years Following 
Investment Period5 
0.75% 
0.60% 
0.25% 
No additional carried interest will be charged by the Access Fund 
Same as the Underlying Fund, including contributions made by Feeder investors 
for fees and expenses of the Feeder 
* Note: Access Fund fees & expenses are in addition to all fees and expenses 
charged at the Underlying Fund. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
Thereafter 
> of 90% 
of previous 
year or 
0.25%5 
EFTA01398151
--- PAGE 11 ---
Greg Martin 
Summary of Key Terms 
Note: Investors in the Access Fund will be subject to fees, expenses and 
performance compensation of the Underlying Fund in addition to 
the Access Fund Fee and Access expenses and will experience lower returns 
than investors committing directly to the Underlying Fund as 
a result of the fees and expenses associated with an investment in the 
Access Fund. DBSI will receive an additional fee, directly or 
indirectly from the Underlying Fund (or its affiliates thereof). 
1) Final Admission Date shall mean the last day of the eighteenth calendar 
month following the month in which the Initial Closing occurs, or such later 
date as determined by the General Partner and consented to by the Advisory 
Committee. 
2) DBSI in its sole discretion reserves the right to waive all or any 
portion ofthe Placement Fee payable by any particular Limited Partner. 
3) The Access Fund Management Fee will be split between iCapital Advisors 
and DBSI, with a substantial portion rebated to DBSI. Please see the 
Private Placement Memorandum ofthe Access Fund for further information. 
4) Calculation basis = Limited Partner's capital commitment. 
5) Calculation basis = Invested Capital as fully defined in the Underlying 
Fund LPA (generally, Invested Capital at the Underlying Fund is the amount 
ofcapital invested in investments and the remaining unfunded obligations 
reasonably reserved for such investments.) 
6) Investors making a subscription equal to or greater than $5 million have 
the option of investing directly into the Underlying Fund at the Underlying 
Fund's discretion. Any direct investors will not receive the 15 bps discount 
against management fees from the Underlying Fund. Investors who 
invest directly into the Underlying Fund will not be subject to Access Fund 
expenses. 
Note: DBSI also acts as placement agent for the Underlying Fund and will 
receive related marketing fees. Please see the Private Placement 
Memorandum of the Access Fund for further information. Neither Glendower 
Capital, LLP nor iCapital Advisors, LLC are affiliated with DBSI. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT PROFESSIONAL AND QUALIFIED INVESTOR USE 
ONLY 
EFTA01398152
--- PAGE 12 ---
IIIIIIIIIIIkre
g Martin 
Glendower Capital 
Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
2nd QUARTER 2018 
ACCREDITED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED 
PURCHASERS ONLY 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398153
--- PAGE 13 ---
Greg Martin 
Disclaimer 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being communicated 
to a limited number of sophisticated persons (each, a "Recipient") by 
Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, 
for the purpose of providing certain summary information about certain 
existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in connection with your 
evaluation of a potential investment in the fund to be known as Glendower 
Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF 
IV" or the "Fund"). The information included in this Presentation is being 
made available to Recipients on a strictly confidential basis and may not be 
disclosed or discussed with any person other than 
any Recipient's affiliates or professional advisers who are bound by 
obligations of confidentiality on a need to know basis. Any past performance 
information herein is not necessarily indicative of 
future results and actual performance may differ materially from any 
projected or forecasted performance. This Presentation is not intended to 
form the basis of any investment decision and 
Recipients must not rely on this Presentation as part of any assessment of 
whether to subscribe for interests in the Fund. This Presentation may not be 
used for and does not constitute an offer to sell, 
or a solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase any interests or 
to engage in any other transaction. The information in this Presentation is 
intended to facilitate discussion and is not 
necessarily meaningful or complete without such supplemental discussion. 
Each Recipient should consult its own attorney, business adviser and tax 
adviser as to legal, business, tax, accounting and related matters 
concerning the information contained herein and any future 
offering of SOF IV. Neither Glendower nor any of their respective affiliates 
makes any representation or warranty to any Recipient regarding the legality 
of an investment in the Fund, the income or tax 
consequences, or the suitability of an investment for such Recipient. 
This Presentation is not intended for distribution, and shall not be 
distributed, in any jurisdiction where such distribution would violate 
applicable securities laws. 
This Presentation can only be offered to Accredited Investors & Qualified 
Purchasers. This material is personal to each offeree and may only be used 
by those persons to whom it has been handed 
out. It is being provided to you upon your request for information 
concerning the Fund. Strictly not for redistribution. 
Please refer to the "Important Information," "Key Definitions," "Important 
Information on the Track Record," "Important Information for Recipients in 
Certain Jurisdictions" and "Notes to Investment 
Performance" sections at the end of this Presentation for further important 
information, including a list of defined terms and in respect of the 
performance information presented herein. 
All references in this Presentation to "$" or "US$" are to US dollars. 
Statements herein are made as of March 31, 2018, unless stated otherwise. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398154
--- PAGE 14 ---
EFTA01398155
--- PAGE 15 ---
Greg Martin 
What is secondary private equity 
A primary private equity ("PE") investment is a direct investment into a PE 
fund at its inception 
— These funds typically contain few or no underlying assets at the time of 
investment 
— They usually have twelve to fifteen years of fund life remaining 
A secondary PE investment is an investment into existing PE-backed companies 
— Traditionally via the purchase of fund interests where the buyer acquires 
the selling investor's interests in a primary fund's 
remaining assets as well as taking on their commitments to meet capital 
calls in the future 
— This is typically 5+years into a primary PE fund's life but can be at any 
time 
— Given the absence of trading markets, secondary transactions are less 
efficient, can be complex and buyers require expertise 
and resources 
The secondary private equity market initially developed as a liquidity tool 
for primary PE investors. It has since 
expanded over the last two decades to include: 
— The sale and purchase of Limited Partner ("LP") interests in PE funds 
— The sale and purchase of direct PE investments and portfolios 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions for General Partners ("GPs") generally called 
GP-led restructurings including spin-outs, tail-end 
restructurings, asset liquidations, LP replacements and bespoke fund 
extensions 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398156
--- PAGE 16 ---
Greg Martin 
Benefits of secondary private equity investing 
Attractiveness of secondary opportunities) 
Pricing 
Flexibility 
Mitigate Blind 
Pool Risk 
Mitigate JCurve 
Complement 
Portfolio 
Construction 
Re-price existing funded assets 
— Capitalise on pricing inefficiencies 
— Knowledge of existing underlying companies 
— Mature assets typically yield more predictable cash flows 
— Shorter duration of investments 
— Earlier cash distributions 
— Accelerate deployment of capital 
— Provides back-seasoned diversified exposure across vintage, 
strategy, industry and geography 
Secondaries can result in earlier cash flows) 
In '000 
1,000 
1,200 
1,400 
200 
400 
600 
800 
(800) 
(600) 
(400) 
(200) 
Hypothetical 
timing of 
secondary 
transaction 
Timeframe of secondary investment 
EFTA01398157
--- PAGE 17 ---
Years 
Capital calls and management fees 
Distributions 
Cumulative cash flows 
(1) This information is for discussion purposes and reflects Glendower 
Capital's own analysis. The graph is an example for illustrative purposes 
only and the actual profile of any given investment may vary substantially. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398158
--- PAGE 18 ---
Greg Martin 
Why invest in secondary private equity today? 
Secondaries market is 
strong at with US$58 
billion of deal volume in 
2017 
— US$2.8 trillion of primary private equity NAV + unfunded 
— US$600 billion locked in funds 9+ years old 
Secondary market 
remains strong, 
increasingly driven by 
post crisis funds 
Pricing for funds 
stable but differentiated 
— Secondary pricing steady at 93% of NAV in 2017 
— Price dispersion between high & low quality GPs / funds is increasing 
GP-led secondary 
transactions growing 
faster than market 
GP-led deals are 
evolving and growing 
— Bespoke liquidity solutions including spin-outs, tail-end restructuring, 
asset 
liquidations, LP replacements, bespoke fund extensions 
— These deals represent 24% of the market 
Distinctive investment 
strategies continue to 
seek attractive deals 
Steady supply of 
tail-end funds 
— Number of tail-end funds coming to market increasing, but overall US$ value 
decreasing due to smaller remaining NAV 
— Lack of NAV growth results in trading at moderate discounts 
The information set out in this slide is for illustrative purposes only and 
summarizes Glendower's analysis of certain information set out over the 
slides in Section 3 "Secondary Market Update" of this presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398159
--- PAGE 19 ---
Greg Martin 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398160
--- PAGE 20 ---
Greg Martin 
Introduction1,2,3 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP ("SOF IV") 
Glendower Capital is an independent secondary private equity manager owned 
by its partners 
— Fully funded and operational since its team spun-off from Deutsche Asset 
Management on August 1st, 2017 
— Glendower continues to advise and manage the legacy SOF Program with US$3 
billion of third-party client assets 
Our mission is to deliver outstanding results for its investors 
— Strong buyout-like performance with an attractive risk profile, early cash 
flows and negligible loss ratio 
— Mature SOF Funds show 1.7x Net Multiple and over 20% Net IRR, overall 
program shows 1.5x Net Multiple and 23% Net IRR 
Glendower Capital is launching SOF IV to continue the successful value-
investing strategy pursued since 2006 
— Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers globally 
— Across a range of transactions: traditional fund secondaries, GP-led 
transactions and single asset deals 
— With focus on value creation through in-depth fundamental analysis as 
opposed to deal structuring and leverage 
The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in commitments with same key terms as 
prior fund 
— In the process of closing US$1.3 billion in a first close in May with ca. 
investors 
— Second close before the summer at or above target and final closing in 4Q18 
— Active pipeline with two deals for US$200 million closing in May / June 
and two near term opportunities for additional US$200 million 
(1) Performance as of September 30, 2017. Mature funds include SOF, SOF D 
and SOF II; overall SOF Program includes SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III; 
(2) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017, and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections of this 
presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" section in particular 
includes, among other things, a description of the terms used in the 
tables above and sets forth important guidelines and limitations as to the 
performance described above. Net performance data reflects amounts net of 
expenses, fees and carried interest. Investors should consult with 
their own advisers as to the appropriate factors to be considered in 
evaluating this information. Past performance is not a prediction of the 
future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to 
demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and there can be no 
assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that any target 
results will be achieved. 
(3) Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. ("SOF IV" or the 
"Fund") is being formed by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct 
Authority. The Fund is seeking US$1.75 billion in total commitments with the 
aim of generating attractive risk adjusted investment returns, principally 
EFTA01398161
--- PAGE 21 ---
in the form of capital appreciation, through the acquisition, holding 
and disposition of a diverse portfolio of investments including buyout, 
growth capital, venture capital, special situations, turnaround, mezzanine, 
distressed opportunities, real estate and infrastructure assets from the 
secondary market. The Fund will target globally, but primarily in the US and 
Europe (i) the acquisition of interests in established generalist and 
specialist private equity fund structures (including funds of funds, feeder 
funds and other similar structures) on the secondary market (each such fund 
or structure, a "Fund Secondary"), (ii) the acquisition of interests in 
portfolios of private equity assets on the secondary market in transactions 
with greater complexity including spin-in / spin-outs, tail-end 
restructuring, asset liquidations, and LP tenders (each such investment 
interest, a "GP-led Secondary"), and (iii) investments in an individual 
portfolio company 
alongside private equity fund sponsors (each such investment, a "Single 
Asset Deal"). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398162
--- PAGE 22 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Overview 
Established investment team active in the secondary market since 20031 
Glendower Capital at a glance 
Independent 
partnership 
Established 
platform 
Seasoned 
team 
Extensive 
database & 
relationships 
Established 
operational 
processes 
— Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank in 2017 
— Privately owned by its partners, fully funded 
— Senior team has worked together for 15 years 
— US$3 billion in total client assets2 
— London and New York offices 
— 23-strong team expected to grow to 28+ by 2H18 
— 16 investment professionals with an average of 
years of relevant experience 
2003 
— Invested in over 350 fund interests over 90 deals 
— Screened thousands of funds over 10 years 
— Integrated, self-contained processes 
— Developed by the Team over 10 years 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli and 
Charles Smith co-found 
the SOF business, a 
self-contained unit with 
its own investment and 
operational processes 
Adam 
Graev 
opens New 
York Office 
Team 
raises 
SOF II 
US$614m 
Glendower engaged by 
Deutsche Bank as 
advisor and delegated 
portfolio manager of 
SOF Funds for 
remaining life of funds 
2005 
2006 
EFTA01398163
--- PAGE 23 ---
2007 
2010 2011 
2014 
2017 
Team's history 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli, 
Charles Smith, 
Chi Cheung, 
Deirdre Davies & 
Francesco 
Rigamonti start 
working together to 
restructure US$6bn 
Deutsche Bank PE 
proprietary portfolio 
Team 
raises 
SOF 
US$565m 
Team 
raises 
SOF D 
US$147m3 
Team 
raises 
SOF III 
US$1.65bn 
Entire 15-strong 
investment team & 
COO spins-off 
from Deutsche 
Bank in Aug 2017 
to form Glendower 
(1) Period since 2003 includes time spent by members of the core senior 
management team at Deutsche Bank. 
(2) Actual committed to SOF Funds. 
(3) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at the 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398164
--- PAGE 24 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower Capital Team 
Core members of senior team have worked together for 15 years 
Relevant years 
of experience 
Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
Managing Partner, CEO — London 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web Tech; General Electric; 
The Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
Charles Smith 
Managing Partner, CIO — London 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers Trust; 
Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University; ACMA 
Adam Graev 
Partner — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
Chi Cheung 
Partner — London 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Deirdre Davies 
Joshua Glaser 
Partner, COO — London 
Deutsche Bank; ABN Amro; KPMG 
BCom, KZN University, South Africa; CA (SA) 
Partner, Client Coverage — New York 
Deutsche Bank; Paul Capital; Forum Capital; 
CIBC Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
Rikesh Mohandoss 
Principal, 
New York 
years with the team 
Jonathan Roome 
Associate, 
London 
years with the team 
Louise Schoeman 
EFTA01398165
--- PAGE 25 ---
Vice President, Finance, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Devrup Banerjee 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Doug O'Connell 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
Katherine Weaver 
Principal, Funds CFO, 
New York 
years with the team 
Aldrich Chan 
Vice President, 
New York 
years with the team 
Rafael Enriquez - Hesles 
Associate, 
New York 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Fund 
Controller, New York 
Emilio Olmos 
Managing Director — London 
ADIA; UBS; Deutsche Bank; Credit Suisse 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
Philippe Ferneini 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Sheldon Lee 
Analyst, 
London 
Joined in 2018 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Vice 
President, Tax, New 
EFTA01398166
--- PAGE 26 ---
York 
Victoria Loidl 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
[hiring — 1018] 
-Associate, 
London 
Maxine 
Turner 
Executive Assistant 
London 
years with the team 
Francesco Rigamonti 
Senior Advisor — London 
Deutsche Bank; Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago Booth; 
MA, Milan Univ. 
Elena Smirnova 
Vice President, 
London 
years with the team 
Helena Turley 
Client Relations, 
London 
Re-joined team in 2017 
Maria Gianoli-Franklin 
Executive Assistant 
New York 
Joined in 2017 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398167
--- PAGE 27 ---
Greg Martin 
Established track record 
SOF Funds as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
Fund 
Vintage 
(development stage) 
Fund size 
Transactions, funds, companies # 
Gross multiple 
Gross IRR 
Net multiple (TVPI4) 
Net distributed (DPI4) 
Net IRR 
Peak net contributed capital 
SOF 
2006 
(harvesting) 
US$565m 
/ 154 / 1,774 
2.1x 
29% 
1.8x 
1.8x 
22% 
26% 
SOF D 
2010 
(harvesting) 
US$147m 
/ 28 / 193 
3.0x 
37% 
2.3x 
2.1x 
29% 
51% 
SOF II 
2011 
(maturing) 
US$614m 
/ 75 / 737 
1.7x 
23% 
1.5x 
1.2x 
20% 
42% 
SOF III 
2014 
(early stage) 
US$1,654m 
EFTA01398168
--- PAGE 28 ---
/ 149 / 2,837 
1.4x 
31% 
1.3x 
0.3x 
30% 
44% 
1.6x 
28% 
1.5x 
0.9x 
23% 
US$2,980m 
Total 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
"Important Information on the Track Record" sections of this Presentation. 
(2) SOF D is a Euro denominated fund. US$ values have been converted at 
September 30, 2017 EUR/US$ rate of 1.1822. 
(3) Both SOF and SOF D are invested in the DaVinci Portfolio — a well 
diversified portfolio of 28 private equity funds purchased through an SPV, 
providing exposure to buyout, special situations, venture capital and real 
estate strategies in North America, Europe and Asia. The number of funds and 
companies is a best estimate and shows the aggregate of each deal at closing 
and may include some double counting. 
(4) TVPI = Total Value to Paid in Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid in 
Capital; IRR = Internal Rate of Return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398169
--- PAGE 29 ---
Greg Martin 
Consistent top returns among peers 
SOF Funds vs Cambridge Associates' secondary funds performance1,2,3 
Secondary funds: Net IRR4 to limited partners 
Lower Quartile 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
45% 
50% 
0% 
5% 
Upper Quartile 
Median 
Secondary funds: Net multiple5 to limited partners 
2.5x 
2.Ox 
SOF D 
29% 
SOF 
22% 
SOF II 
20% 
1.Ox 
SOF III 
30% 
1.5x 
SOF 
TVPI = 1.84x 
DPI = 1.80x 
SOF D 
TVPI = 2.3x 
DPI = 2.1x 
SOF II 
TVPI = 1.5x 
DPI = 1.2x 
EFTA01398170
--- PAGE 30 ---
SOF III 
TVPI = 1.3x 
DPI = 0.3x 
0.5x 
0.Ox 
'04 
'05 
'06 
Index DPI 
'07 
'08 
'09 
'10 
'11 
'12 
'13 
'14 
Index RVPI SOF funds DPI SOF funds RVPI 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Secondaries Benchmark statistics as of 
September 30, 2017 based on data compiled from 140 secondary funds with a 
minimum of 8 funds per year, including fully liquidated partnerships, 
formed between 2004 and 2014. Each SOF Fund is shown benchmarked against 
their respective vintage peer group. This information reflects a comparison 
of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III performance against one 
benchmark only; quartiles may differ when compared to other benchmarking 
sources. SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III data is not included in the data set 
used to calculate the benchmark data. 
(2) Information presented in this chart is based on the unaudited results of 
SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and should be read 
and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Notes to Investment Performance Information" sections of this document. 
(3) Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of 
the Glendower SOF Team. 
(4) Internal rates of returns are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling 
they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or benchmark 
performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less meaningful. 
Median is the middle fund IRR of the group of individual fund IRRs 
included in a vintage year (minimum 8 funds). Upper/ lower quartile are the 
thresholds for the upper (top 25%) and lower (bottom 25%) quartiles based on 
the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used 
in conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 8 
funds). 
(5) DPI = Distributions to Paid-In Capital; RVPI = Residual Value to Paid-In 
Capital; TVPI= Total Value to Paid-in Capital. TVPI, RVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to 
calculate a dollar-weighted return. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398171
--- PAGE 31 ---
Net IRR 
Net Multiples to Paid-in Capital 
EFTA01398172
--- PAGE 32 ---
Greg Martin 
uyou - ike returns with a secondary risk profilel 
SOF Funds outperform Cambridge Associates buyout top-quartile benchmark 
TVPI in line with top-quartile buyout funds_ _With a secondary cashflow 
profile 
TVPI2 
2.5x 
SOF D 
30% 
SOF 
2.0x 
SOF II 
1.5x 
SOF III 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
SOF II 
1.Ox 
10% 
0.5x 
0.5x 
SOF III 
5% 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
0.0x 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
Buy out Top Quartile 
SOF Program 
(1) Source: Cambridge Associates Global Buyout Benchmark as of September 30, 
2017. This information reflects a comparison of SOF, SOF D, SOF II & SOF III 
performance against one benchmark only. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team. Information presented in this chart is based on 
the unaudited results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance Information" 
sections of this presentation. 
(2) TVPI= Total Value to Paid-In Capital; DPI = Distributions to Paid-In 
Capital; Net IRR = Net Internal Rate of Return. TVPI and DPI are pooled 
return aggregating all cash flows and ending NAVs in a sample to calculate a 
dollar-weighted return. Net IRRs are net of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Cambridge Associates research shows that most funds take at least 
six years to settle into their final quartile ranking, and previous to this 
settling they typically rank in 2-3 other quartiles; therefore fund or 
benchmark performance metrics from more recent vintage years may be less 
meaningful. Top quartile is the threshold for the upper (top 25%) quartile 
based on the individual fund IRRs included in a vintage year and are used in 
EFTA01398173
--- PAGE 33 ---
conjunction with the median to determine quartile placement (minimum 64 
funds). 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
0% 
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 
Vintage Year 
20% 
15% 
2.0x 
SOF 
25% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF D 
SOF D 
SOF III 
DPI2 
2.5x 
Delivering a compelling risk / reward profile 
Net IRR2 
35% 
EFTA01398174
--- PAGE 34 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF Program compares favourably to public markets 
Performance data as of September 30, 20171,2,3 
SOF Funds have delivered attractive performance compared to major public 
market indices 
0% 
5% 
10% 
15% 
20% 
25% 
30% 
35% 
40% 
29% 
30% 
22% 
23% 
21% 
20% 
18% 
15% 15% 
12% 
9% 
7% 
3% 
0% 
SOF (2006) 
SOF D (2010) 
Glendower Net IRR MSCI World 
"Important Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of 
this presentation. 
SOF II (2011) 
Russell 2000 
SOF III (2014) 
Thomson Reuters 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF D, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 
2017 and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Gross returns are gross of fees, expenses and carried 
interest. Net performance reflects amounts net of expenses, fees and carried 
interest. Investors should consult with their own advisers as to the 
appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this information. Past 
performance is not a prediction of the future performance of SOF, SOF D, SOF 
II or SOF III but is included to demonstrate the track record of the 
Glendower SOF Team and there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve 
comparable results or that any target results will be achieved. See 
(2) MSCI World Index and Russell 2000 Index returns are based on total 
return. Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index returns are based on 
price. These benchmark indices do not represent an appropriate 
EFTA01398175
--- PAGE 35 ---
benchmark to compare the performance of the SOF Funds, but rather is 
disclosed solely to allow comparison to that of certain well-known and 
widely recognized indices. 
(3) Methodology: The Long Nickels method has been used to calculate the 
PMEs. Net cash flows for the SOF Funds are replicated in each index. For 
example, (i) when capital is drawn from an investor, an equivalent 
amount is invested in the index on the specific date; and (ii) when capital 
is distributed to an investor, capital is "withdrawn" from the index on the 
same date. A theoretical terminal value is generated based on the growth 
of the total index. Net IRR is calculated using the cashflows replicated in 
the index and the theoretical terminal value. Recallable distributions have 
been treated using the "all in method". 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
SOF Program 
12% 
12% 
12% 
12% 
9% 
15% 
Net IRR 
EFTA01398176
--- PAGE 36 ---
IIIIIIIIIIbreg Martin 
SOF Funds show consistent performancel 
Across different fund sizes, fund vintages and economic cycles 
Net Contributed Capital (as % of Fund Size) 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
-60% 
-40% 
-20% 
0% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
DPI (Distributed to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.2x 
0.4x 
0.6x 
0.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.4x 
1.6x 
1.8x 
2.Ox 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
TVPI (Total Value to Paid-In Capital) 
0.Ox 
0.5x 
1.Ox 
1.5x 
2.Ox 
2.5x 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
EFTA01398177
--- PAGE 37 ---
Net IRR 
100% 
SOF 
SOF II 
SOF III 
3 5 7 9 11 13 15 17 19 21 23 25 27 29 31 33 35 37 39 41 43 45 
Quarters from inception 
(1) Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results of SOF, SOF II and SOF III as of September 30, 2017 and 
should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Notes to Performance Information" sections of this 
presentation. Past performance is not a predictor of future returns and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or that 
any target results will be achieved. There is no guarantee that future 
performance will be consistent with past performance of SOF, SOF II and SOF 
III. Performance information on SOF D has not been included on this 
slide because SOF D is a single transaction / top-up fund raised in 2010 to 
underwrite pari-passu the Da Vinci transaction with SOF. Glendower does not 
expect that similar transactions will be available to SOF IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398178
--- PAGE 38 ---
Greg Martin 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398179
--- PAGE 39 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF Funds positioned as mid-sized value investor 
Below large levered beta players, above small local funds 
Secondary funds raised or in fundraising 1996-20181 
Fund Size 
(US$000) 
L 
• Levered beta play 
• PE market index 
• Volume-driven 
—10 players 
M 
• Alpha play 
• Value investing 
• Selective sourcing 
—10 players 
SOF III 
SOF II 
S 
• Low barriers to entry 
• Smaller deals 
• Local sourcing 
• Very competitive 
SOF and SOF D 
>50 players 
SOF IV 
(1) Glendower Capital own market segmentation analysis. Data source: Preqin 
database and Glendower Capital own market intelligence as of November 2017. 
Includes target fund sizes for funds that are currently raising. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398180
--- PAGE 40 ---
Greg Martin 
Glendower has a distinctive investment strategy 
Disciplined bottom-up underwriting of attractive assets managed by quality 
managers 
Source less competitive deals 
globally 
Average deal size of US$40m: 
I Mature fund secondaries of US$5-100m 
I Mid-market GP-led deals of US$100-250m 
IISingle-asset deals of US$25-50m 
Pursue a selective, true value 
approach 
I Transacted 1% of total pipeline by value 
I Mid-sized alpha value investor vs large 
levered beta play 
I Value creation through in-depth 
fundamental analysis vs deal structuring 
Focus on efficient portfolio 
construction 
H No leverage at transaction level and 
limited at portfolio level 
H Hedging to mitigate 50-60% of currency 
volatility 
I Portfolio diversified across ca. 35 deals to 
seek to mitigate 90%+ of non-market riskl 
(1) Source: Glendower's assessment based on portfolio management theory. 
There can be no assurance that efforts to mitigate risk will be successful. 
Further, Glendower may modify its portfolio construction criteria at any 
time and in any manner that it believes to be consistent with its overall 
investment objective in response to market conditions or other factors 
without notice to investors. 
Information provided as at September 30, 2017. There can be no assurance 
that the strategy will be successful in the future or that losses will be 
avoided. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Buy margin of safety 
Purchased 350+ mature fund interests at a 
discount over 10 years: 
EFTA01398181
--- PAGE 41 ---
Average 20% discount to FMV 
Average -80% funded at time of entry 
EFTA01398182
--- PAGE 42 ---
Greg Martin 
Disciplined barbell approach adjusted to market cycles 
Dialling up / down deal types relative to segment attractiveness 
Fund Secondaries 
Description 
Traditional purchase of fund interests: 
• Single LP position 
• Portfolios of LP positions 
• Fund of funds 
• LP tenders 
Marketl 
• Many participants 
• 10-15% IRR / 1.3-1.4x MOIC gross 
Glendower Capital 
Deal size 
Expected allocation 
Deals since 20072 
Gross returns2 
SOF (harvested)3 
SOF II (maturing)3 
SOF III (early stage)3 
Buy aggressively during periods of 
high volatility and illiquidity 
US$5-100m 
40-60% 
transactions 
42% IRR and 2.2x MOIC 
20% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
48% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
(1) Glendower Capital estimate of market returns based on own market 
intelligence. 
(2) As of September 30, 2017. Gross returns do not reflect the priority 
profit share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other expenses. 
Performance figures have been calculated based on the unaudited 
performance results and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the 
"Important Information" and "Notes to the Investment Performance" sections 
of this presentation. The "Notes to Investment Performance" 
section in particular includes, among other things, a description of the 
terms used in the tables above and sets forth important guidelines and 
limitations as to the performance described above. Past performance is not a 
prediction of the future performance. 
(3) For fund-level net returns, please refer to the overall transaction 
summaries for SOF, SOF II and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
US$100-250m 
Up to 40% 
transactions 
9% IRR and 1.4x MOIC 
30% IRR and 1.9x MOIC 
36% IRR and 1.5x MOIC 
EFTA01398183
--- PAGE 43 ---
GP-led Secondaries 
Be-spoke liquidity solutions: 
• Restructuring of existing funds 
• Spin-outs 
• Recapitalizations 
• Portfolios of assets 
Single Asset Deals 
Purchase of interests in single assets: 
• GP-led secondaries of one asset 
• Fundless sponsor deals 
• Secondary co-investments 
• Co-investments 
• Fewer participants with demonstrated underwriting capabilities 
• 15-20% IRR / 1.6-1.7x MOIC gross 
Buy selectively during periods 
of low volatility and high liquidity 
US$25-50m 
Up to 20% 
transactions 
18% IRR and 3.0x MOIC 
21% IRR and 1.7x MOIC 
2% IRR and 1.0x MOIC 
EFTA01398184
--- PAGE 44 ---
Greg Martin 
GP-led transactions can present an attractive risk-reward profile 
Glendower Capital has been active since 2007 in this space 
GP-Led transactions have significantly evolved over the last 5 years 
— Deals in the early days were often associated with (quasi) zombie GPs and 
were not always crafted in the best interest of existing LPs 
— Today, quality managers are proactively providing liquidity options to 
their LPs, often with an advisor retained to validate the process 
GP-led opportunities can present a number of advantages over a traditional 
acquisition of a LP interest 
— An accretive and complementary strategy to the mainstream secondary 
dealflow 
— Glendower has developed an extensive track recordl over 15 transactions 
with gross c.1.6x MOIC / 22% Gross IRR2 
— In-depth due diligence on GPs and their teams 
— In-depth due diligence on concentrated portfolios, including onsite 
meetings with underlying companies' management teams 
— Bespoke design of a new fund and its terms to provide full re-alignment of 
interests between the GP and Glendower: 
— Budgeted fees, significant GP co-investment, and ratcheted carried 
interest structure 
— Incentivisation / protection of specific individuals within the GP that 
are key to generate value in the existing portfolio 
— Negative governance rights, including veto rights on add-on investments, 
recapitalizations, etc. 
— Limited to no use of leverage / deferred structures 
— underwriting returns based on attractive entry price and portfolio value 
creation 
(1) As of September 30, 2017. Performance figures have been calculated based 
on the unaudited performance results and should be read and reviewed in 
conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Notes to the 
Investment Performance" sections of this presentation. The "Notes to 
Investment Performance" section in particular includes, among other things, 
a description of the terms used in the tables above and sets forth 
important guidelines and limitations as to the performance described above. 
Past performance is not a prediction of the future performance. 
(2) Please refer to the overall transaction summaries for SOF, SOF D, SOF II 
and SOF III on pages 43, 45 and 47. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398185
--- PAGE 45 ---
Greg Martin 
igorous sourcing and deal selection process 
Wide funnel and narrow filter 
Access to extensive industry network 
developed over 15 years 
• GPs, LPs, Advisory Board members 
• Close private banking relationships: DB 
Wealth Management, Raymond James, 
Alex Brown 
• Law firms, sourcing agents, banks 
Proactive top-down approach 
• Engage directly with potential seller 
universe: banks, insurance companies, 
pension funds 
• Off-the-shelf pricing for closely monitored 
library of >100 funds 
Investor of reference in GP-led and 
Single Asset Deals 
• Completed over 30 deals since 2007 
• Substantial follow-on deal flow 
subsequent to first transaction 
—3,000 potential deals screened since 2007, for c.US$400bn 
Significant buy & sell side experience 
• 100 transactions, over 10 years for US$3bn 
• Invested in over 350 funds globally 
• Wind-down of US$6bn DB PE proprietary portfolio 
Filters 
Filters 
Filters 
Unique GP-restructuring and spin-off experience 
• As seller, as buyer, own spin-off 
Disciplined deal-by-deal underwriting of target 
unlevered returns to SOF LPs 
• Value investing, bottom-up approach 
Transacted 1% by value across 
c.100 transactions,
(1) Source: Glendower Capital proprietary information as at 15 March 2018. 
Number of transactions includes follow-on investments and splits out 
transactions which have been consolidated in one deal for reporting 
purposes. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398186
--- PAGE 46 ---
Greg Martin 
Fund Secondaries transactions 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Modigliani 
(SOF II) 
US$38m 
34% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
225 assets 
Global 
Whitney 
(SOF II) 
US$64m 
27% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Seller 
European 
family offices 
Description 
• Proprietary deals from family offices redeploying capital away from PE 
• Liquidity solution on complex illiquid feeder funds structured to address 
tax and legal requirements 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature (84% funded) funds managed by 
CD&R, Apollo, Carlyle, KKR, Apax, MidOcean, MSREF, CDH 
US 
pension fund 
• Single LP position in fully funded European LBO fund managed by KKR 
• US seller redeploying capital away from Europe during 2012 crisis 
• Short fuse process with few pre-selected bidders 
• SOF Team knew fund well 
• Attractive structure with significant purchase price deferral 
Flute 
(SOF III) 
US$54m 
26% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Sovereign 
Wealth Fund 
• Seller motivated to wind down portfolio by year end 
• Mature (93% funded) portfolio of highly diversified fund interests in 17 
mid-market buyout funds spread across Europe, US and Asia 
• Top interests include funds managed by Affinity, Calera, CVC 
EFTA01398187
--- PAGE 47 ---
• Attractive deferral structure with bulk of liquidity events expected in the 
first two years of the transaction 
Amy 
(SOF III) 
US$36m 
37% 
funds 
500+ assets 
Global 
Family office • Proprietary deal tracked for five years before completion 
• Seller seeking to actively manage its private equity portfolio 
• Globally diversified portfolio of mature funds generating strong cash flows 
and managed by Carlyle, Blackstone, Bridgepoint and CVC 
• Significant pre-closing distributions representing 25% of portfolio NAV 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 1 1 
1 
1 
1 
1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01398188
--- PAGE 48 ---
l!...
Greg Martin 
ansactions and single asset deals 
Illustrative case studies 
Project / Fund Deal Size / 
Discountl 
Porter 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$220m 
9% 
Funds / 
assets / 
region 
funds 
assets 
US 
Seller 
Multiple 
Description 
• Motivated GP seeking to recapitalize 2006 mid-market fund and provide 
liquidity to fatigued investor base 
• Eight US market leading companies in the construction sector with visible 
growth potential, low leverage 
• Significant downside protection through securities owned (senior, PIK 
preferred and structured notes) 
• GP known to SOF Team through prior fund investment 
Laurel 
(SOF II & 
SOF III) 
US$147m 
24% 
fund 
assets 
Europe 
Southern 
European 
bank 
• Motivated, distressed sole LP seeking to divest its captive, non-core 
private equity business 
• 33 buyout, growth equity, real estate and energy assets in 11 funds in UK, 
France, Poland, Czech Rep., Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey 
• Highly structured deal allowed for full asset due diligence 
• Downsized captive team led by new CEO hired by SOF Team 
Ionesco 
(SOF II) 
US$28m 
NA 
asset 
Europe 
LBO fund 
• Opportunity to underwrite attractive LBO of leading manufacturer of 
EFTA01398189
--- PAGE 49 ---
polymer substrate for bank notes 
• GP motivated to quickly syndicate investment after broken auction 
blocked by Central Banks 
• Company benefited from Bank of England contract for £5 and £10 notes 
Fitzgerald II 
(SOF III) 
US$37m 
10% 
asset 
US 
Global 
bank 
• Secondary purchase of co-investment position in First Data, a leading 
payment processing company 
• Motivated seller was a bank invested in original buyout who had to sell for 
regulatory capital reasons ahead of IPO 
• Asset well known to the SOF Team 
(1) Discount at closing. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
1 
1 
1 1 1 ) 
1 1 1 
Informational 
advantage 
Relationshipdriven 
Solving 
for 
complexity 
Global 
sourcing 
Market 
arbitrage 
EFTA01398190
--- PAGE 50 ---
Greg Martin 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398191
--- PAGE 51 ---
G
reg Martin 
Secondary market volume remains at record levels 
Market is evolving with GP-led transactions now representing 25% of volume 
Secondary market volumes 2006 — 2018F 
US$bn 
6x 
2006 
2007 
2008 
2009 
2010 
2011 
2012 
GP-led Secondary 
F = Forecast. There is no guarantee the estimate highlighted will 
materialize. 
Past market volume is not a prediction or guarantee of future market volume. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2013 
2014 
Fund Secondary 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and own estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Greenhill GP Solutions 
Discussion Materials, May 2017; and Dow Jones Private Equity 
Analyst Guide to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018F 
2018 Forecast 
US$60+ billion 
EFTA01398192
--- PAGE 52 ---
EFTA01398193
--- PAGE 53 ---
Greg Martin 
Secondary market driven by global PE market growth... 
...And 
Total 
US$bn 
increased propensity to trade 
PE assets have risen to US$2.8 trillionl 
3,000 
2,500 
2,000 
1,500 
1,000 
500 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
Unrealised portfolio value 
Dry powder 
(1) Source: 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 2017 
values as at June. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital based on 2018 Preqin Global Private Equity & 
Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 
2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2x 
Annual secondary volumes now 1-2% of total PE2 
0.2% 
0.4% 
0.6% 
0.8% 
1.0% 
1.2% 
1.4% 
1.6% 
1.8% 
2.0% 
2.2% 
2x 
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
As % of total PE assets 
EFTA01398194
--- PAGE 54 ---
Greg Martin 
Stable secondary pricing driven by rational participants 
In 2017 average pricing of 93% of NAV as of record dates 
Secondary market pricing of private equity fund interests remains stable 
— Overheated market in 2006 and 2007 
— Premiums paid for over-levered companies 
marked to the top of the market 
Pricing % of NAV 
100 
110 
2005 
2006 
2007 
108 
104 
PREMIUM 
DISCOUNT 
— Few transactions closed at this pricing 
— Mostly unfunded LP interests 
— Pricing back to normalized historical levels 
— Stable for 7 years at 80-90c/$ 
Annual volume US$bn 
EFTA01398195
--- PAGE 55 ---
2008 
2009 
2010 
Secondary market volume 
Bubble 
Crisis 
2011 
2012 
2013 
Secondary market pricing 
Normalized 
Source: Glendower Capital analysis and estimates based on Greenhill 
Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Trends & Outlook, July 2014; Cogent Partners Secondary 
Market Update, March 2009; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide to the 
Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
EFTA01398196
--- PAGE 56 ---
IIIIIIIIIIhre
g Martin 
Secondary market shows a balanced capitalization 
Strong secondary capital supplyl... 
US$bn 
100 
120 
140 
Dry Powder 
Annual Deal Volume 
125 
...but dry powder/deal volume remains balanced2 
US$bn 
Glendower Capital estimates that 
2.2x annual deal volume is 
available to deploy in Secondaries 
100 
200 
300 
400 
500 
600 
700 
Secondaries 
Buyout 
Dry Powder 
Deal volume 
Dry Pow der / 
Deal Volume 
3.7x 
2.2x 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on Greenhill Secondary Pricing 
Trends & Analysis, January 2018. 
(2) Source: Glendower Capital estimate based on 2018 Preqin Global Private 
Equity & Venture Capital Report; Greenhill Secondary Pricing Trends & 
Analysis, January 2018 and Bain & Company Global Private Equity 
Report 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398197
--- PAGE 57 ---
Greg Martin 
Significant unrealized value still locked in tail-end funds 
Seller composition expected to remain diverse 
US$bn 
250 
Unrealized PE value: US$600bn in pre-crisis vintagesl 
US$600 billion 
226 
201 
200 
186 
150 
193 
137 
129 
100 
Financial 
2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 
Pre Crisis Bubble 
Crisis 
(1) Source: 2017 Preqin Global Private Equity & Venture Capital Report. 
(2) Source: Greenhill Secondary Market Trends & Outlook, January 2018. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Post Crisis 
Public 
Pensions / 
SWF 
24% 
Institutions 
12% 
Asset Manager / FoF 
18% 
149 144 
General 
Partners 
24% 
Endowments & 
Foundations 
16% 
Family Office / 
Other 
6% 
Seller composition breakdown2 
EFTA01398198
--- PAGE 58 ---
EFTA01398199
--- PAGE 59 ---
Greg Martin 
GP-led transactions are a growing source of supply 
Secondary bespoke liquidity solutions are now part of the GP toolkit 
GP-led transactions now represent 20-25% of the secondary market 
Illustrative transactions 
Brand-name 
managers 
GPs seeking 
liquidity for worse 
performing funds or 
fund term extension 
Mid-market GPs 
Quality 
mid-market 
managers 
looking to provide a 
• liquidity option in 
year 10+ or 
• bespoke solution 
after a bump in the 
road 
Underperforming 
managers 
Zombies 
looking for 
solutions make 
unlikely targets 
ZOMBIE GPs 
7.1 
15% 
US$bn 
% of Secondary 
market deal volume 
30% 
14.0 
EFTA01398200
--- PAGE 60 ---
25% 
18% 
CAGR 
8.2 
9.0 
20% 
10% 
2.4 
1.9 
0.6 
0% 
2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 
GP-led secondaries 
GP-led secondaries as % of total 
(1) Source: Glendower Capital analysis based on Greenhill Secondary Market 
Trends & Outlook, January 2018; and Dow Jones Private Equity Analyst Guide 
to the Secondary Market, June 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
2.7 
2.7 
1.6 
1 
9 
5% 
Over 7,000 private equity funds 
EFTA01398201
--- PAGE 61 ---
Greg Martin 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
SOF III and IV Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398202
--- PAGE 62 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF III Portfolio - Highlights 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
2014 
11% 
US$1,654m 
6% 
1,931m 
1,036m 
316m 
1,026m 
US$1,342m 
Investment strategy 
1% 
24% 
0.30x 
0.99x 
58% 
1.30x 
30% 
Vintage year 
12% 
17% 
Europe 
45% 
North 
America 
44% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
8% 
11% 
26% 
10% 
24% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
EFTA01398203
--- PAGE 63 ---
2012 - 2015 
2016 - 2017 
9% 
9% 
5% 
6% 
3% 
5% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
21% 
19% 
11% 
12% 
Other 
Natural Resources 
Communications & Media 
Technology 
Business Services 
Financial Services 
Real Estate 
Industrials 
Healthcare 
Consumer 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398204
--- PAGE 64 ---
IM0
Greg Martin 
ortfolio - Sponsor exposure 
GPs listed below represent ca. 90% of SOF III current exposure 
Other 
Real Estate 
Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Exposure to SOF III is based on Fair Market Value as of September 30, 2017. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398205
--- PAGE 65 ---
Ineg 
Martin 
SOF IV - Near term pipeline 
As of March 31, 2018 
Project Code 
Sunrise 
Klein 
Penguin II 
A 
B 
C 
Portfolio 
Funds 
D 
Portfolio 
E 
F 
GP-led 
Single asset 
deal 
APAC 
Global 
Early Stage 
Deal Type 
GP-led 
GP-led 
GP-led 
Single Fund 
Single Fund 
Funds 
Global 
Early Stage 
Region 
North America 
EMEA 
Global 
APAC 
Global 
Stage 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Exclusive 
Advanced 
Advanced 
Sourcing 
Deal Size 
Intermediated $524 million 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
€60-100 million 
EFTA01398206
--- PAGE 66 ---
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
Intermediated $50 million 
Intermediated $200 million 
Early Stage Limited Process $1.4 billion 
North America Early Stage 
Proprietary 
$20 million 
SOF IV 
Investment 
$100 million 
€60-100 million 
€150 million 
$6 million 
$50 million 
$50 million 
$200 million 
$100+ million 
$20 million 
Description 
• Restructuring of 5 asset portfolio across well-known 
brands in the restaurant and fitness sectors with a 
middle-market GP that has a very strong track record 
• Restructuring of a portfolio of 4 remaining companies in 
the Consumer and Business Services sectors, managed 
by a UK-based middle-market GP 
• Opportunity to invest in a GP-led transaction with key 
value drivers in the educational and industrial sectors 
• 
Insurance company selling a limited partnership interest 
in an Asian growth equity fund 
• Late-stage primary investment to a fund of diversified, 
senior secured, corporate credit portfolios accessed 
through CLO investments 
• Financial institution selling remaining private equity 
portfolio, including buyout, venture capital, growth equity 
and mezzanine funds 
• Opportunity to purchase a portfolio of 9 limited 
partnership interests in global buyout funds 
• Spin-off of private equity team from a financial institution 
together with a portfolio of 40 companies across Asia 
• Opportunity to purchase founder's shares in an existing 
portfolio company in Project Porter. The company is a 
leading wholesaler of home decor products 
For discussion purposes only. There is no guarantee that any pipeline 
investment will complete or form part of a future invested portfolio or that 
it will be available or, after further due diligence, prove suitable for SOF 
IV. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398207
--- PAGE 67 ---
EFTA01398208
--- PAGE 68 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF IV — Project Sunrise 
Sole deal lead 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: April 2018 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP seeking to continue growing 5 attractive midmarket 
investments while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Largest two assets are franchisees of a well-known dining brand that 
has outperformed the broader dining industry over past ten years 
— Third value driver is one of the largest Tex-Mex casual dining brands in 
the US with a valuable licensing business 
— The portfolio also includes a leading burger QSR and a franchisee in 
the largest fitness brand focused on low-cost and high-value 
ca. $100m 
7% 
1.1x 
100% 
No 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
Investment rationale 
— GP with strong track record 
— Attractive entry valuation at blended 7.0x LTM EBITDA multiple 
— Conservative capital structure: 2.4x leverage across the portfolio 
— Strong free cash flow and downside protection via preferred securities 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
US 
EFTA01398209
--- PAGE 69 ---
Consumer 
years 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398210
--- PAGE 70 ---
Greg Martin 
III IIIIProject Klein 
Exclusive deal 
Fund Secondary 
Expected Closing Date: 
Key investment data 
Invested Capital at close 
Discount to NAV at close 
Gross multiple at close 
% funded at close 
Use of leverage 
Description 
— Motivated quality GP aiming to recapitalize and extend their 2007 midmarket 
pan-European fund while providing liquidity to LPs 
— Key value driver is largest independent UK premium distributor in its 
segment, well positioned to benefit from market tailwinds 
— Second largest asset is a network of medical and cosmetics UK clinics 
with a private and affluent customer base 
— The portfolio also includes an Italian digital marketing company and a 
management consulting company with blue chip customers 
— Glendower Capital retains discretion on use of follow-on capital 
June 2018 
€60-100m (US$80-120m) 
>5% 
1.1x 
80% 
No 
GP-led Secondary 
Seller type: 
Transaction summary 
Number of companies 
Strategy 
Region 
Industries 
Average age at purchase 
Single Asset Deal 
Alternative funds 
Mid-market buyout 
Europe / UK 
Business services / Healthcare services 
years 
Investment rationale / Glendower Team angle 
Glendower Team angle 
— Ability to quickly deliver a bespoke solution leveraging Glendower's 
track record in complex transactions 
— Ability to perform extensive diligence, including onsite visits, full 
access 
to companies' management and industry specialists 
— Long 15-year relationship with the GP founder 
EFTA01398211
--- PAGE 71 ---
Investment rationale 
— Four well-invested companies positioned to capture growth 
opportunities arising from ongoing changes in industry landscape 
- Key value driver led by industry veteran with a solid track record 
- Value-add potential from recently implemented cost efficiency initiatives 
— Opportunity to invest in identified follow-ons at closing, and to 
contribute 
additional capital to exploit market dislocations 
For discussion purposes only. The investment presented above has not closed, 
and there is no guarantee that such investment will complete or form part of 
a future invested portfolio or that it will be available or, after further 
due diligence, prove suitable for SOF IV. This slide should be read and 
reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and "Important 
Performance Information" and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398212
--- PAGE 72 ---
Greg Martin 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398213
--- PAGE 73 ---
Greg Martin 
IIIIIPMaster Fund Key Terms 
Same key terms as SOF III with an increased team commitment 
The Fund 
Target Size 
Structure 
Investment Period 
Term 
Minimum Commitment 
Team Commitment 
General Partner Share 
Carried Interest 
Hurdle Rate 
Clawback 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP 
English private fund limited partnership 
US$1.75 billion (US$2.5 billion hard cap) 
years from final closing 
years from final closing plus up to 5 one-year extensions (the first three 
one-year extensions being at the discretion of 
Glendower and the final two one-year extensions requiring the consent of the 
SOF IV advisory committee) 
US$5 million 
Min of 1% of aggregate commitments 
1.25% p.a. of commitments during Investment Period 
1.00% p.a. of Invested Capitall for a period of 2 years after the Investment 
Period, thereafter greater of 90% of previous year and 
0.25% 
12.5% on a whole fund basis 
8% (with 100% catch-up) 
Yes 
Please read the confidential private placement memorandum of the Fund (the 
"Memorandum") for the full disclosure of risk factors, conflicts of 
interest, complete terms, and regulatory and tax considerations of the Fund. 
For further disclosure of fees, such as fees and expenses paid by the Fund, 
please refer to the Memorandum, the amended and restated limited partnership 
agreement and the deed of adherence of the Fund. All such 
documents are in the process of being prepared and will be made available to 
prospective investors upon request. 
1) Invested Capital is the amount of capital invested in investments and the 
remaining unfunded obligations reasonably reserved by Glendower for such 
investments. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398214
--- PAGE 74 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF IV - ILPA 2 scorecard 
SOF IV Key ILPA 2 Principles 
Alignment of interest 
1 
— Best practice all-contribution-plus-preferred-return-back-first model 
— LP favorable clawback provision 
— 100% transaction & monitoring fees offset General Partner share 
— Manager equity interest in the Fund (minimum of 1% of aggregate 
commitments) 
Governance 
— Key man and "for cause" removal provisions protective to LPs' interests 
— Supermajority vote of LPs required to reverse automatic suspension of 
investment period 
— No Fault Divorce with 66% vote of LPs 
— Clearly and narrowly outlined investment strategy with appropriate 
limitations on investment concentration 
— Advisory Board best practice set-up 
Transparency 
— Comprehensive financial reporting 
— GAAP and FAS 157 (Topic 820) compliant valuation policy 
— General Partner share and carried interest disclosure 
— Detailed due diligence provided 
LP = limited partner; ILPA = Institutional Limited Partner Association. The 
full guidelines can be found at http://ilpa.org/principles-version-2-0/. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398215
--- PAGE 75 ---
Greg Martin 
Contents 
Introduction 
Glendower Investment Strategy 
Secondary Market Update 
Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV Key Terms 
SOF III and IV Update 
Appendix 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398216
--- PAGE 76 ---
Greg Martin 
Team Bios 
CARLO PIRZIO-BIROLI 
Managing Partner 
Chief Executive Officer 
Deutsche Bank; CDB Web 
Tech; General Electric; The 
Boston Consulting Group 
MBA, Columbia Business 
School; MEng, Rome Univ. 
CHARLES SMITH 
Managing Partner 
Chief Investment Officer 
Deutsche Bank; Bankers 
Trust; Coopers & Lybrand 
MA, Cambridge University, 
ACMA 
ADAM GRAEV 
Partner 
North America 
Deutsche Bank; Pomona; 
Lehman Brothers; 
Chatterjee/Soros; Cowen 
BA, Colgate University 
CHI CHEUNG 
Partner 
Europe 
Deutsche Bank 
MA, Cambridge University 
Based in London, Carlo is a Managing Partner 
& Chief Executive Officer of Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Carlo spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. From 2003 
to 2006 he participated in the restructuring and 
sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private 
equity portfolio. From 2012 to 2016 Carlo 
served as the Global Head of DB Private Equity 
with US$13 billion AUM in primary fund of 
funds, secondary funds and coinvestments. 
Before Deutsche Bank, Carlo was 
the CEO of a publicly listed venture fund of 
funds; an executive at General Electric in the 
U.S.; a consultant at The Boston Consulting 
Group in New York and served as a junior 
officer in the Italian Navy. Carlo is a qualified 
civil structural engineer (PEng). 
Carlo holds an MBA from Columbia Business 
School and an MSc in Civil Engineering from 
the University of Rome, Italy. 
Based in London, Charles is a Managing 
EFTA01398217
--- PAGE 77 ---
Partner & Chief Investment Officer of 
Glendower Capital. 
Based in New York, Adam is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Charles spent 25 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he co-founded and has 
led the SOF business since 2006. Prior to 
setting up the SOF business, from 2003 to 
2006 Charles was the Head of UK Corporate 
Investments, responsible for the restructuring 
and sale of Deutsche Bank's €6 billion 
proprietary private equity portfolio. Before that, 
Charles was a Managing Director in the bank's 
M&A team based in London focused on 
originating and executing transactions in the 
Technology, Media and Telecoms sectors. 
Charles holds an MA in Natural Sciences and 
Management Studies from Cambridge 
University. He is a Chartered Management 
Accountant (ACMA). 
Prior to Glendower, Adam spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
the secondary private equity business in the 
Americas and led the implementation and 
management of secondary transactions. Prior 
to joining Deutsche Bank, Adam led private 
equity secondary and co-investment deals at 
Pomona Capital. Before then, Adam led direct 
private equity investments in venture, growth 
equity and buyouts at Lehman Brothers Private 
Equity and the Chatterjee Group, an affiliate of 
Soros Fund Management. Adam began his 
career as a financial analyst in technology 
investment banking at Cowen & Co. 
Adam holds a BA from Colgate University. 
Based in London, Chi is a Partner of 
Glendower Capital. 
Prior to Glendower, Chi spent 19 years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006, and 
most recently, he was responsible for the 
secondary private equity business in Europe 
and led the implementation and management 
of secondary transactions. Chi joined Deutsche 
Bank in 2000 working as an Associate in 
Global Corporate Finance focusing on TMT and 
real estate advisory, and from 2003 to 2006, he 
participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's €6 billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously, Chi completed a two-year 
apprenticeship with Deutsche Bank. 
EFTA01398218
--- PAGE 78 ---
Chi holds an MA in Economics from Cambridge 
University. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398219
--- PAGE 79 ---
Greg Martin 
Team Bios 
DEIRDRE DAVIES 
Partner 
Chief Operating Officer 
Deutsche Bank, ABN Amro, 
KPMG 
BCom, University of South 
Africa; CA (SA) 
JOSHUA GLASER 
Partner 
Client Coverage 
Deutsche Bank, Paul 
Capital, Forum Capital, CIBC 
Oppenheimer 
BS, Tufts University 
EMILIO OLMOS 
Managing Director 
Southern Europe, Middle 
East and Asia 
ADIA, UBS, Deutsche Bank, 
Credit Suisse, Lafarge 
MSc, HEC Paris; MEng, 
Polytechnic Univ. of Madrid 
FRANCESCO RIGAMONTI 
Senior Advisor 
Deutsche Bank, Gallo & Co. 
MBA, University of Chicago 
Booth; MA, Milan University 
Based in London, Deirdre is responsible for the 
operations of the Fund and the business. 
Prior to Glendower, Deirdre spent 15 years at 
Deutsche Bank where she was a founding 
member of the SOF business in 2006 and was 
responsible for the operations (across legal, 
compliance and fund finance) and investor 
relations for the secondary private equity 
business. Previously, she was at KPMG in 
South Africa. 
Deirdre holds a BCom from the University of 
KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. She is a 
Chartered Accountant (CA, SA). 
Based in New York, Joshua is responsible for 
client coverage and fundraising. 
Prior to Glendower, Joshua spent four years at 
Deutsche Bank where he was responsible for 
fundraising for the secondary private equity 
business and managing fundraising processes 
for alternative investment products in the 
Americas. Before then, Joshua led fundraising 
and investor relations for Paul Capital's 
EFTA01398220
--- PAGE 80 ---
secondary private equity business and 
healthcare royalty program, serving as Head of 
Investor Relations. Prior to Paul Capital, 
Joshua was a Director with Forum Capital, a 
boutique private equity placement group. 
Joshua began his career as a financial analyst 
in investment banking at CIBC Oppenheimer, 
and its predecessor, Oppenheimer & Co, Inc. 
Joshua holds a BS from Tufts University. 
Based in London, Emilio is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments in Southern Europe, 
the Middle East and Asia. 
Prior to Glendower, Emilio was a Portfolio 
Manager at ADIA based in Abu Dhabi, where 
he spent over five years focusing on secondary 
transactions. Previously, he was a Director at 
UBS in the Secondary Advisory team. Prior to 
that, Emilio was a Vice President at Deutsche 
Bank in the SOF Team, which he joined as an 
Associate in 2007 shortly after its inception. 
Before that Emilio worked at Credit Suisse, in 
its investment banking division, and started his 
career as a Strategy Analyst at Lafarge UK. 
Emilio holds an MSc from HEC Paris and an 
MEng from the Polytechnic University of 
Madrid, Spain. 
Based in Milan, Francesco works with 
Glendower Capital on specific secondary and 
co-investment opportunities. 
Francesco spent 17 years at Deutsche Bank 
where he was a founding member of the SOF 
business in 2006, and most recently, he was 
responsible for co-investments. Francesco 
joined Deutsche Bank in 2000 with 
responsibility for corporate development in Italy 
and participated in the restructuring and sale of 
Deutsche Bank's € 6billion private equity 
portfolio. Previously he worked at Gallo & Co., 
an Italian merchant bank, where he focused on 
restructurings. 
Francesco holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and an MA 
from the University of Milan, Italy. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398221
--- PAGE 81 ---
Greg Martin 
Team Bios 
RIKESH MOHANDOSS 
Principal 
Deutsche Bank, Bank of 
America, Freddie Mac 
BBA, George Washington 
University; MBA Columbia 
Business School 
DEVRUP BANERJEE 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Goldman 
Sachs 
MA Economics and 
Management, Oxford 
ALDRICH CHAN 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, UBS 
BS Finance, New York 
University's Stern School of 
Business. 
PHILIPPE FERNEINI 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, Credit 
Suisse, Booz & Company 
Diplome d'Ingenieur, 
Telecom ParisTech; 
MBA Chicago Booth School 
of Business. 
Based in New York, Rikesh is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Based in London, Devrup is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to Glendower, Rikesh spent 8 years at 
Deutsche Bank and most recently spent the 
past 5 years originating, valuing, executing and 
monitoring secondary investments in North 
America for the SOF business. Rikesh joined 
Deutsche Bank in 2009 working as an 
Associate in Global Corporate Finance 
focusing on TMT advisory. From 2004 to 2007, 
Rikesh was an Assistant Vice President in 
Credit Risk Management at Bank of America 
and started his career in 2003 as an analyst at 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation 
(Freddie Mac) in 2003. 
Rikesh holds a BBA from The George 
Washington University and a MBA from 
Columbia Business School. 
EFTA01398222
--- PAGE 82 ---
Prior to Glendower, Devrup spent 5 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2008 
to 2012, Devrup worked at Goldman Sachs as 
part of the Natural Resources team within the 
Investment Banking Division, advising clients 
globally on mergers & acquisitions and capital 
market transactions. 
Devrup graduated from the University of Oxford 
with an MA in Economics and Management in 
2008. 
Based in New York, Aldrich is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Aldrich 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He began 
his career at UBS Investment Bank's Global 
Mergers & Acquisitions Investment Banking 
group. 
Aldrich received his BS in Finance, summa 
cum laude, from New York University's Stern 
School of Business. He is currently an MBA 
candidate at the University of Pennsylvania's 
Wharton School of Business. 
Based in London, Philippe is responsible for 
the origination, valuation, execution and 
monitoring of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Philippe 
spent 4 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. He worked 
for 3 years at Credit Suisse as an investment 
banking Associate in the Global Industrials 
Group and for 2 years at Booz & Company as a 
Senior Consultant in the Financial Services 
Practice. 
Philippe holds an MBA from the University of 
Chicago Booth School of Business and a 
Master of Engineering (Diplome d'Ingenieur) 
from Telecom ParisTech. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398223
--- PAGE 83 ---
Greg Martin 
Team Bios 
VICTORIA LOIDL 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
BSc Economics, LSE 
ELENA SMIRNOVA 
Vice President 
Deutsche Bank, HSBC 
MSc Global Banking and 
Finance, European Business 
School, London 
JONATHAN ROOME 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank 
BSc Economics, LSE 
DOUGLAS O'CONNELL 
Associate 
Carlyle Metropolitan RE, 
Deutsche Bank 
BS Finance, Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of 
Business 
Based in London, Victoria is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Victoria 
spent 5 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2009 
to 2012, Victoria worked as Analyst at HSBC 
where she worked within the Investment 
Banking Division, advising clients globally on 
mergers & acquisitions and capital market 
transactions. 
Victoria graduated from the London School of 
Economics with a BA in Management in 2009. 
Based in London, Elena is responsible for the 
origination, valuation, execution and monitoring 
of secondary investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Elena spent 
years at Deutsche Asset Management 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. From 2012 
to 2015 Elena worked in HSBC's Financial 
Institutions Advisory unit, where she focused 
on origination and execution of strategic 
events. Elena first joined HSBC in 2010 in their 
Global Banking and Markets business. 
Elena graduated from the Russian Presidential 
Academy of National Economy and Public 
EFTA01398224
--- PAGE 84 ---
Administration with a first class degree in 
Business Administration and Management in 
2008 and holds an MSc in Global Banking and 
Finance from the European Business School in 
London. 
Based in London, Jonathan supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in New York, Doug supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Jonathan 
spent 2 years at Deutsche Asset Management 
supporting the transaction team in valuing, 
executing and monitoring secondary 
investments for the SOF business. 
Jonathan graduated from the London School of 
Economics and Political Sciences with a BSc in 
Economics in 2015, having achieved first class 
honors. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Doug 
worked at Metropolitan Real Estate, part of The 
Carlyle Group, and spent two years at 
Deutsche Asset Management supporting the 
hedge fund secondary transaction team in 
valuing, executing and monitoring secondary 
deals. 
Doug graduated in 2015 from Carnegie 
Mellon's Tepper School of Business with a 
Bachelor of Science in Finance, having 
achieved University Honors. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398225
--- PAGE 85 ---
Greg Martin 
Team Bios 
RAFAEL ENRIQUEZ - 
HESLES 
Associate 
Stifel 
BSc Civil Engineering & 
Management, Bucknell 
University 
SHELDON LEE 
Analyst 
Citibank 
MSc Industrial Management, 
KTH 
BSc Industrial Engineering, 
Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy 
KATHERINE WEAVER 
Principal, Funds CFO 
Deutsche Bank, Brookfield 
Properties, Deloitte & Touche 
BBA and MAcc, University of 
Wisconsin - Madison 
LOUISE SCHOEMAN 
Vice President, Finance 
London Air Ambulance, 
Deutsche Bank, Grant Thornton 
Bcom (Mons) Accounting 
Services, University of Pretoria. 
Based in New York, Rafael supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Based in London, Sheldon supports the 
transaction team across all secondary 
investment related functions, including 
evaluation and monitoring of investments. 
Prior to joining Glendower Capital, Rafael spent 
years at Stifel in the Diversified Industrials 
Investment Banking Group working on mergers 
& acquisitions and capital market transactions 
globally. 
Rafael graduated from Bucknell University with 
a Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering and 
a Bachelor of Management in 2015. 
Prior to Glendower, Sheldon spent over a year 
and a half at Citi in London, in the Corporate 
and Investment Banking team, focusing on 
Private Equity-owned companies. 
Sheldon holds an MSc. in Industrial 
Management from KTH Royal Institute of 
EFTA01398226
--- PAGE 86 ---
Technology, Sweden, and a BSc in Industrial 
Engineering from Ecole Nationale Superieure 
des Mines de Nancy, France. 
Based in New York, Katie is the Chief Financial 
Officer for Fund Finance. 
Prior to Glendower, Katie spent 10 years at 
Deutsche Asset Management in the SOF fund 
finance team, first as financial controller and 
then as the Chief Financial Officer. Prior to 
Deutsche Bank, Katie was a controller at 
Brookfield Office Properties and a financial 
accountant at Trizec Properties. She began 
her career as an associate in Audit and 
Assurance at Deloitte & Touche. 
Katie holds a BBA and MAcc in Accounting 
from the University of Wisconsin — Madison. 
Based in London, Louise is responsible for the 
finance operations of the management 
company as well as its compliance and risk 
management functions. 
Prior to Glendower Capital, Louise was 
Finance Director for London's Air Ambulance, 
a registered charity. Louise worked with the 
SOF Team in 2011-13 as a business manager, 
having started her career as an accountant at 
Grant Thornton in Pretoria before moving to 
London in 2007. 
Louise graduated from the University of 
Pretoria with a BCom (lions) in Accounting 
Sciences in 2003, and qualified as a Chartered 
Accountant in 2007. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398227
--- PAGE 87 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF III - Investor base 
SOF III key info 
First and final closing 
Fund size 
including Deutsche Bank and team commitment of 
Number of investors 
20-Oct-2014 
US$1.65 billion 
US$33 million 
921 
SWF 
21% 
Investor region 
Size of individual commitments 
21% 
100% 
18% 
North 
America 
44% 
Europe 
20% 
Middle 
East 
19% 
Asia 
Pacific 
17% 
20% 
40% 
60% 
80% 
0% 
<$25m 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
$25-50m 
$50-100M 
$100-150m 
(1) The number of investors includes all investors in SOF III with 
commitments over US$2m. The total number of investors, including those 
investing through private wealth feeder funds, is 470. 
>$150m 
8% 
16% 
37% 
Family 
Office/HNWI 
30% 
Foundation 
EFTA01398228
--- PAGE 88 ---
2% 
Insurance 
13% 
Investor type 
GP 
2% 
Pension 
32% 
EFTA01398229
--- PAGE 89 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF III 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name Sourcing 
1- Porter 
2- Fitzgerald II 
3- Malcolm 
4- Costa 
5- Diamond 
6- Mozart 
7- Leibovitz 
8- Pascoli 
9- Clegane 
10- Steinbeck II 
11- Minnow 
12- Neon 
13- Gonzaga 
14- Drive 
15- Flute 
16- Iskar 
17- Bosch 
18- Staccato 
19- Rose 
20- Janos 
21- Aurum 
22- Laurel 
23- Tower I & II 
24- Falco 
25- Peak 
26- Amy 
27- Chaucer 
28- Westeros 
29- Eddard 
30- Sutherland 
31- Christophe 
32- Newton 
33- Mitchell 
34- Gini 
35- Artemis 
SOF III Closed 
Seller type 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
EFTA01398230
--- PAGE 90 ---
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
Multiple 
Multiple 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Limited Process Multiple 
Syndication 
Pension 
Financial Institution 
Corporate 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process SWF 
Proprietary 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Multiple 
Family Office 
Family Office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process Multiple 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Alternative Funds 
Family Office 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
N/A 
Alternative Funds 
Public to Private 
EFTA01398231
--- PAGE 91 ---
Limited Process SWF 
Deal type 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Family Office / HNWI Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
EFTA01398232
--- PAGE 92 ---
149 
Companies 
1,294 
169 
EFTA01398233
--- PAGE 93 ---
968 
2,837 
Invested capital 
(US$m) 
144.9 
36.8 
109.4 
12.9 
23.0 
25.5 
61.2 
27.5 
14.7 
100.0 
65.3 
7.2 
14.3 
17.6 
54.7 
34.6 
86.6 
40.2 
27.0 
29.9 
23.1 
101.6 
41.8 
13.7 
79.0 
35.7 
154.9 
239.7 
51.3 
9.5 
44.2 
118.0 
32.0 
42.0 
11.4 
1,931.2 
Funded capital 
EFTA01398234
--- PAGE 94 ---
(US$m) 
117.2 
36.8 
46.0 
13.0 
9.7 
25.5 
65.7 
27.5 
14.7 
49.0 
9.3 
6.5 
15.1 
17.6 
13.9 
26.6 
40.2 
26.0 
26.7 
29.9 
22.9 
40.7 
27.6 
7.1 
57.2 
15.0 
81.6 
178.6 
27.6 
9.8 
3.4 
4.4 
31.9 
27.4 
10.5 
1162.6 
Initial 
closing 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q1 15 
Q2 15 
Q2 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q3 15 
Q4 15 
EFTA01398235
--- PAGE 95 ---
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q4 15 
Q1 16 
Q1 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q2 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q3 16 
Q4 16 
Q4 16 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q1 17 
Q2 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Q3 17 
Gross 
multiple 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.6x 
0.8x 
1.2x 
0.0x 
1.8x 
1.2x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.Ox 
2.6x 
1.4x 
2.3x 
1.5x 
1.5x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
0.7x 
2.1x 
1.7x 
1.7x 
1.2x 
EFTA01398236
--- PAGE 96 ---
1.8x 
1.Ox 
1.2x 
1.5x 
1.6x 
0.9x 
4.1x 
1.Ox 
1.Ox 
1.3x 
1.4x 
Portfolio detail 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Global — real estate 
Europe — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
RoW — buyout 
Global — buyout 
Europe — real estate 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — diversified 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — real estate 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Global — real estate 
US - diversified 
Europe - buyout 
US - mid-market buyout 
Europe - mid-market buyout 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
EFTA01398237
--- PAGE 97 ---
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF III is 1.3x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections. Past 
performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and there can 
be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398238
--- PAGE 98 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF II — Portfolio construction 
Gross invested capital breakdown 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Gross invested capital 
Performance as of September 30, 2017 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2011 
US$614m 
668m 
16% 
509m 
592m 
187m 
US$779m 
1.16x 
22% 
0.37x 
1.53x 
20% 
Vintage year 
12% 
5% 
6% 
Europe 
56% 
North 
America 
40% 
RoW 
3% 
Asia 
Pacific 
1% 
20% 
38% 
54% 
4% 
4% 
Large Buyout 
Mid-Market Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Real Estate 
Other 
EFTA01398239
--- PAGE 99 ---
21% 
17% 
13% 
10% 
11% 
8% 
19% 
Pre 2005 
2005 - 2006 
2007 - 2008 
2009 - 2011 
2012 - 2013 
2014 - 2015 
5% 
7% 
3% 
5% 
Other 
Communications & Media 
Real Estate 
Natural Resources 
Financial Services 
Healthcare 
Technology 
Business Services 
Consumer 
Industrials 
Sector composition 
As at September 30, 2017. Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator 
of future results , and there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve 
comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398240
--- PAGE 100 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF II 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Monet I, II 
2- Beethoven 
3- Rembrandt 
4- Giant 
5- Hemingway 
6- Modigliani I-V & RE 
8- Hockney 
9- Chagall 
10- Hopper 
11- Donatello 
12- Pollock 
13- Whitney 
15- Constable 
16- Cecconi 
17- Bailey 
18- Steinbeck 
19- Guardi 
21- Windmill I, II 
23- Browning 
24lonesco 
25-
Zampieri 
26- Fitzgerald 
28- Porter 
29- Fitzgerald II 
30- Abels 
31- Laurel 
SOF II 
Sourcing 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited process 
Syndication 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
EFTA01398241
--- PAGE 101 ---
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Limited process 
Proprietary 
Limited process 
Limited process 
Seller type 
Pension 
Multiple 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Pension Fund 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
HNW/ Family office 
Corporate 
HNW/ Family office 
Alternative Funds 
Corporate 
Corporate 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary / Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
EFTA01398242
--- PAGE 102 ---
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
Companiesl 
225 
EFTA01398243
--- PAGE 103 ---
140 
737 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
46.8 
27.1 
2.2 
3.4 
16.4 
38.4 
9.5 
9.4 
15.1 
3.0 
13.4 
64.0 
26.1 
12.8 
30.2 
97.3 
13.3 
22.7 
8.8 
27.7 
23.8 
15.0 
74.7 
10.0 
11.8 
45.2 
668.1 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
45.8 
26.9 
2.2 
EFTA01398244
--- PAGE 104 ---
3.1 
16.4 
37.1 
8.1 
8.4 
14.1 
3.0 
13.1 
21.5 
24.3 
11.0 
30.5 
81.7 
11.8 
20.5 
7.1 
26.8 
23.4 
15.0 
60.4 
10.0 
10.6 
19.0 
551.7 
Initial 
closing 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q3 11 
Q4 11 
Q4 11 
Q1 12 
Q2 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q3 12 
Q4 12 
Q1 13 
Q2 13 
Q2 13 
Q3 13 
Q4 13 
Q1 14 
Q1 14 
Q2 14 
Q2 14 
Q3 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
Q4 14 
EFTA01398245
--- PAGE 105 ---
Q3 16 
Gross 
multiple 
0.7x 
1.6x 
3.0x 
1.8x 
1.0x 
2.Ox 
1.5x 
1.6x 
1.6x 
1.1x 
2.3x 
2.9x 
1.2x 
1.8x 
2.4x 
1.3x 
1.8x 
0.7x 
1.9x 
2.8x 
1.6x 
1.4x 
1.9x 
1.6x 
1.3x 
2.Ox 
1.7x 
Portfolio detail 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — late stage venture 
US — mezzanine 
US — special situations 
Global — diversified 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
US — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
Global — diversified 
Global — diversified 
Europe — growth equity 
US — diversified 
EFTA01398246
--- PAGE 106 ---
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — buyout 
Europe — growth equity 
Europe — diversified 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF II is 1.5x. 
(3) The performance figures have been calculated based on unaudited fair 
values and should be read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important 
Information" and "Important Performance Information" sections of this 
Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398247
--- PAGE 107 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF 
Remaining portfolio construction by FMV1 as of September 30, 2017 
Overview 
Vintage 
Fund size 
Invested capital 
Capital called 
Distributions, net 
Remaining NAV 
Total net return 
Asset geography 
Investment strategy 
2006 
6% 0% 
US$565m 
549m 
421m 
756m 
20m 
US$775m 
1.80x 
0.05x 
1.84x 
22% 
Vintage year 
10% 
2% 
20% 
Europe 
90% 
North 
America 
10% 
33% 
46% 
Pre 2006 
2006 
2007 
2008 - 2009 
1) FMV = Fair Market Value 
Past performance is not a guarantee or indicator of future results, and 
there can be no assurance that the fund will achieve comparable results. 
This page should be reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" 
and "Notes to Investment Performance" sections of this Presentation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
5% 
Financial Services 
IT and Technology 
18% 
EFTA01398248
--- PAGE 108 ---
Business Services 
49% 
45% 
Large Buyout 
Growth Equity 
Special Situations 
Mezzanine 
28% 
Healthcare 
Sector composition 
21% 
Industrials 
18% 
Other 
EFTA01398249
--- PAGE 109 ---
Greg Martin 
SOF & SOF D 
Overall transaction summary as of September 30, 2017 
Project name 
1- Leonardo 
2- Sprint 
3- Constellation 
4- Crown 
5- Freedom 
6- Pigeon 
7- Hoover I 
8- Hoover II 
9- Amadeus I 
10- Hoover III 
11- Amadeus II 
12- Hoover IV 
13- Hoover V 
14/21- Bach 
15- Hoover VI 
16- Hoover VII 
17- Hoover VIII 
18- DaVinci 
19- Imperial 
20- Hoover IX 
SOF 
18- DaVinci 
SOF and SOF D 
(1) Number of companies are best estimate. 
(2) Invested Capital is the Transaction Size and is described as purchase 
price plus unfunded obligations. Funded capital is the amount funded in each 
Transaction. The Net Multiple (TVPI) for SOF and SOF D is 1.8x and 
2.3x respectively. Converted from EUR to US$ using a rate of 1.1822. 
(3) The performance figures are based on unaudited fair values and should be 
read and reviewed in conjunction with the "Important Information" and 
"Important Performance Information" sections. Gross returns are gross of 
fees, expenses and carried interest, which are not charged at the investment 
level so performance is not expected to be representative of investment 
returns to investors. Investors should consult with their own advisers 
as to the appropriate factors to be considered in evaluating this 
information. Past performance is not a prediction of future performance, but 
it is included to demonstrate the track record of the Glendower SOF Team and 
there can be no assurance that SOF IV will achieve comparable results or 
EFTA01398250
--- PAGE 110 ---
that any target results will be achieved. 
(4) Hoover transactions represent the investments made by SOF via a special 
purpose vehicle ("SPV") attracting additional accounting and administrative 
expenses. The actual performance for the SPV may be lower than 
the performance of the individual investments because of the additional 
accounting and administrative expenses. The aggregate net multiple of this 
SPV, including the fees and expenses is 1.9x. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
Sourcing 
Proprietary 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Syndication 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Limited Process 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Proprietary 
Seller type 
Financial Institution 
Public to private 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Pension 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family Office 
Financial Institution 
Endowment 
Financial Institution 
Alternative Funds 
Alternative Funds 
Financial Institution 
Multiple 
Alternative Funds 
HNW/Family office 
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Financial Institution 
EFTA01398251
--- PAGE 111 ---
HNW/Family office 
Financial Institution 
Deal type 
Fund Secondary 
Single Asset Deal 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
GP-led Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Fund Secondary 
Sub Total 
Fund Secondary 
Total 
Funds 
154 
154 
Companiesl 
EFTA01398252
--- PAGE 112 ---
609 
104 
196 
193 
152 
294 
1,774 
193 
1,774 
Invested capital2 
(US$m) 
205.3 
36.0 
16.5 
19.4 
15.0 
22.8 
0.4 
0.1 
16.1 
2.7 
5.4 
3.3 
3.4 
39.0 
4.8 
2.9 
0.5 
103.3 
51.1 
0.8 
548.8 
138.1 
686.9 
Funded capital2 
(US$m) 
166.0 
EFTA01398253
--- PAGE 113 ---
36.1 
16.7 
21.6 
12.1 
24.7 
0.4 
0.3 
16.2 
2.6 
5.5 
2.6 
3.5 
32.3 
5.8 
2.8 
0.5 
53.7 
29.4 
0.7 
433.3 
67.2 
500.5 
Initial 
closing 
Q1 07 
Q3 07 
Q3 07 
Q4 07 
Q2 08 
Q4 08 
Q4 08 
Q1 09 
Q1 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q2 09 
Q4 09 
Q4 09 
Q1 10 
Q2 10 
Q3 10 
Q3 10 
Q4 10 
Q4 10 
Q3 10 
Gross 
multiple 
2.0x 
3.0x 
0.9x 
1.7x 
EFTA01398254
--- PAGE 114 ---
0.3x 
1.3x 
1.9x 
8.8x 
2.4x 
0.8x 
3.3x 
2.2x 
1.7x 
2.0x 
1.7x 
3.4x 
2.8x 
3.Ox 
1.9x 
2.6x 
2.1x 
3.Ox 
2.2x 
Portfolio detail 
US / Europe — diversified 
Europe — buyout 
US / Europe — growth equity 
Europe — special situations 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Asia — diversified 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
Europe — buyout 
Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mezzanine 
Europe — venture capital 
US / Europe — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US — mid-market buyout 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — mezzanine 
US / Europe — diversified 
US / Europe — diversified 
EFTA01398255
--- PAGE 115 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information (1/2) 
This confidential presentation (this "Presentation") is being made available 
to you (the "Recipient") by Glendower Capital, LLP ("Glendower"), which is 
authorized and regulated by the United Kingdom 
Financial Conduct Authority, for the purpose of providing certain summary 
information about certain existing and future funds and accounts that are 
managed or advised by Glendower, including in 
connection with your evaluation of a potential investment in the fund be to 
known as Glendower Capital Secondary Opportunities Fund IV, LP (the "Fund"). 
This Presentation may refer to certain events as having occurred and 
documents as having been entered into which may not have occurred or been 
entered into at the date that this Presentation is 
made available but that Glendower expects will occur or be entered into 
thereafter. 
This Presentation is not an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any security, and may not be used or relied upon in connection with any 
offer or solicitation. A private offering of interests in 
the Fund will be made only pursuant to the offering documents for the Fund, 
which contain additional information about the investment objective, terms 
and conditions of an investment in the Fund and 
also contain tax information and risk disclosures that are important to any 
investment decision regarding the Fund. No person has been authorized to 
make any statement concerning the Fund other 
than as set forth in the offering documents and any such statements, if 
made, may not be relied upon. The offering documents will be furnished to 
qualified investors on a confidential basis at their 
request. The information contained in this Presentation will be superseded 
by, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, such offering 
documents. 
An investment in the Fund will involve significant risks, including loss of 
the entire investment. The interests in the Fund will be illiquid, as there 
is no secondary market for interests in the Fund and 
none is expected to develop. There will be restrictions on transferring 
interests in the Fund, investments may be leveraged and the investment 
performance may be volatile. Before deciding to invest in 
the Fund, prospective investors should read the offering memorandum and pay 
particular attention to the risk factors contained in the offering 
documents. The fees and expenses charged in 
connection with an investment in the Fund may be higher than the fees and 
expenses of other investment alternatives and may offset profits. Investors 
should have the financial ability and willingness 
to accept the risk characteristics of the Fund's investments. 
Potential conflicts of interest may arise from the relationship between 
Credit Suisse Asset Management Limited and its affiliates ("Credit Suisse"), 
which is acting as the Fund's placement agent. Credit 
Suisse is not acting and will not act as a municipal advisor within the 
meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act and the rules and regulations 
promulgated thereunder ("Municipal Advisor Rule"). 
Any services, material, or information that Credit Suisse provides to a 
EFTA01398256
--- PAGE 116 ---
municipal entity or obligated person as defined by the Municipal Advisor 
Rule ("Covered Party") are provided on an arm's length 
basis and not as an advisor or fiduciary to the Covered Party. Covered 
Parties should consult with their own internal and external advisors before 
taking action with respect to any services, material, or 
information provided to them by Credit Suisse. Credit Suisse also will not 
solicit a Covered Party for direct or indirect compensation on behalf of an 
unaffiliated investment adviser for the purpose of 
obtaining or retaining an engagement for that investment adviser by the 
Covered Party to provide investment advisory services to or on behalf of the 
Covered Party. 
This Presentation contains information that has been or may have been 
provided by a number of sources and has not been independently verified. 
Nothing contained herein shall constitute any 
representation or warranty and no responsibility or liability is accepted by 
Glendower or its affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of any 
information supplied herein. 
Unless otherwise stated, the information in this Presentation has not been 
audited or verified by an independent party, and should not be seen as any 
representation of returns that might be achieved. 
The information contained herein must be kept strictly confidential and may 
not be reproduced or redistributed in any format without the approval of the 
Fund. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each 
investor and prospective investor (and each employee, representative, or 
other agent thereof) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation 
of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of 
the Fund and its investments and all materials of any kind (including 
opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to such investor or 
prospective investor relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure, provided, however, that such disclosure shall not include the 
name (or other identifying information not relevant to the tax structure or 
tax treatment) of any person and shall not include 
information for which nondisclosure is reasonably necessary in order to 
comply with applicable securities laws. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398257
--- PAGE 117 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information (2/2) 
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results and there 
can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve comparable results, that the 
returns generated by the Fund will equal or 
exceed those presented herein or that the Fund will be able to implement its 
investment strategies or achieve its investment objectives. The Fund's 
investment strategy and applicable investment 
restrictions may differ from those historically employed and economic 
conditions may differ materially from the conditions under which any other 
investment fund or account managed or advised by 
Glendower has invested. 
All statements of opinion and / or belief contained in this Presentation and 
all views expressed and all projections, forecasts or statements relating to 
expectations regarding future events or the 
possible future performance of the Fund represent Glendower's own assessment 
and interpretation of information available to it as at the date of this 
Presentation. No representation is made or 
assurance given that such statements, views, projections or forecasts are 
correct, that the objectives of the Fund will be achieved or that investors 
will receive a return of their capital. 
In addition, no responsibility or liability or duty of care is or will be 
accepted by Glendower or its respective affiliates, advisers, directors, 
employees or agents for updating this Presentation (or any 
additional information), correcting any inaccuracies in it or providing any 
additional information to you. Accordingly, to the fullest extent possible 
subject to applicable law, none of Glendower or its 
affiliates and their respective shareholders, advisers, agents, directors, 
officers, partners, members and employees shall be liable (save in the case 
of fraud) for any loss (whether direct, indirect or 
consequential), damage, cost or expense suffered or incurred by any person 
as a result of relying on any statement in, or omission from, this 
Presentation. 
Any forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, projections 
of future earnings or value), results or valuations herein are based upon 
current assumptions, may be simplified and may 
depend upon events outside the control of Glendower or its affiliates. Other 
events that were not taken into account may occur and may significantly 
affect the analysis herein. Therefore, changes to 
any assumptions may have a material impact on any valuations or projections. 
Actual results may therefore be materially different from any forecast, 
opinion or valuation herein. Prospective investors 
in the Fund should not rely on these forward-looking statements in deciding 
whether to invest in such Fund. The information contained in this 
presentation has been obtained from sources outside of 
Credit Suisse. While such information is believed to be reliable for the 
purposes used herein, neither Credit Suisse, nor any of its affiliates or 
partners, members or employees, assume any 
responsibility for the accuracy of such information. 
See the "Notes to Investment Performance" containing additional important 
information regarding performance and targeted returns. 
EFTA01398258
--- PAGE 118 ---
This Presentation does not form part of the basis for any contract between 
Glendower or its affiliates and any investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation shall not treat this Presentation as tax, 
regulatory, accounting, legal, investment or any other advice in relation to 
the Recipient of this information and this information should not and cannot 
be relied upon as such. The distribution of this 
Presentation and participation in the Fund may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. Persons who come into possession of this Presentation 
are required to inform themselves about, and to 
observe, any such restrictions. 
No governmental authority has passed on the merits of the offering of 
interests in the Fund or the adequacy of the information contained herein. 
Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. 
Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the information 
contained in the offering documents pertaining to certain conflicts of 
interests and risk factors. An investment in the Fund is 
suitable only for sophisticated investors and requires the financial ability 
and willingness to accept the high risks and lack of liquidity associated 
with an investment in the Fund. Investors in the Fund 
must be prepared to bear such risks for an indefinite period of time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398259
--- PAGE 119 ---
Greg Martin 
Key Definitions 
"Single Asset Deal" means an investment by the Fund (directly or indirectly) 
in a portfolio company alongside one or more private equity fund sponsors 
(and any follow-on investments in any such 
investment, but not including any GP-led Secondary) as reasonably determined 
by the Manager as the context requires. "Fund Secondary" means (a) an 
interest held directly or indirectly by the Fund 
in a generalist or specialist private equity fund structure (including a 
fund of funds, feeder fund or other similar structure) acquired in a 
standalone transaction or (b) a portfolio of such interests acquired 
in a single transaction, in each case as reasonably determined by the 
Manager as the context requires, provided that any interest referred to in 
clause (a) shall be in a fund structure that either has an 
investment period that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) or 
has drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of its aggregate 
commitments, and provided that any portfolio of 
interests referred to in clause (b) shall be in fund structures that in the 
aggregate have drawn down or committed to invest at least 50% of their 
aggregate commitments, provided further that the 
aggregate commitments of any fund structure that has an investment period 
that is expired (other than for follow-on investments) shall be deemed to 
equal the amount drawn down in such fund 
structure and provided, further, that a Fund Secondary shall not also be 
determined to be an Early Stage Investment. 
"GP-led Secondary" means an investment interest held by the Fund (directly 
or indirectly) in private equity fund structure or a portfolio of direct 
private equity assets through bespoke liquidity solutions 
(and any follow-on investments in any such investment interest, but not 
including any Single Asset Deals) as reasonably determined by the Manager as 
the context requires. 
"SOF" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund A, L.P., DB Secondary 
Opportunities Fund B, L.P. and DB Secondary Opportunities Fund C, L.P. 
"SOF D" means DB Secondary Opportunities Fund D, L.P. 
"SOF II" means Secondary Opportunities Fund II, LP. 
"SOF III" means Secondary Opportunities Fund III, LP. 
"SOF Funds," "SOF Program," or "Secondary Opportunities Funds" means SOF, 
SOF D, SOF II and SOF III. 
"SOF Team" and "Glendower SOF Team" have the meanings set forth in the 
Memorandum. 
"Russell 2000 Index": The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap stock market 
index of the bottom 2,000 stocks in the Russell 3000 Index. The index is 
maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the 
London Stock Exchange Group. 
"MSCI World Index": The MSCI World Index is a broad global equity benchmark 
that represents large and mid-cap equity performance across 23 developed 
markets countries. It covers approximately 
85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. 
"Thomson Reuters Private Equity Buyout Index": The Thomson Reuters Private 
Equity Buyout Index seeks to replicate the return profile of the private 
equity buyout asset class by constructing a 
EFTA01398260
--- PAGE 120 ---
combination of sector portfolio returns. These sector portfolios are 
designed to track the performance of private equity sector investments by 
holding liquid exchange traded instruments rather than 
investing directly in private equity firms. 
For other definitions please refer to the Memorandum. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398261
--- PAGE 121 ---
Greg Martin 
Notes to Investment Performance 
Important Information on the Track Record. 
The Glendower SOF Team spun-off from Deutsche Bank and its affiliates 
("Deutsche Bank") on August 1, 2017 and established Glendower Capital, LLP 
and its affiliates (together, "Glendower") as an 
independent private equity firm owned by its partners focused on secondary 
transactions in private markets. The performance information and track 
record set out in this Presentation in respect of the 
SOF Funds covers the period time from inception of the SOF Funds to date, 
including the time prior to the formation of Glendower, when the team were 
employees of Deutsche Bank. In evaluating 
the track record, each Recipient should note that (i) Carlo Pirzio-Biroli 
and Charles Smith have been permanent voting members of the SOF Funds 
investment committees since inception; (ii) Chi 
Cheung, Francesco Rigamonti and Adam Graev have attended as observers the 
majority of investment committees of the SOF Funds since inception, they 
were appointed in December 2011 during 
the SOF II investment period as voting members on a rotational basis and 
have been permanent voting members since January 2013; (iii) other employees 
of Deutsche Bank who were not part of the 
SOF investment team and that have not joined Glendower were involved at 
different times on the investment committees of the SOF Funds and the 
investment decision-making process in respect of 
the investments made by the SOF Funds and (iv) in connection with the 
investments comprising the track record, the Glendower investment 
professionals were part of a larger group within Deutsche 
Bank. The investment performance included herein is intended solely to 
provide Recipients with information about the Glendower SOF Team's 
investment experience. The performance information 
provided herein has been prepared by Deutsche Alternative Asset Management 
(Global) Limited ("DAAM(G)L") and provided to Glendower and relates to the 
SOF Funds and the related individual 
underlying transactions, in respect of which the Glendower SOF Team were 
involved in their capacity as portfolio managers and/or investment committee 
members while employed at Deutsche Bank. 
Glendower takes responsibility for its use of this performance information 
and its compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and 
guidelines, including, but not limited to, the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and in particular, Rule 204-2 thereunder, 
and DAAM(G)L takes no responsibility for the use of such performance 
information by Glendower. 
Investment returns. Unless otherwise stated, returns are as of September 30, 
2017, are unaudited and are illustrative only. As used herein, and unless 
otherwise indicated, "Gross IRR" and "Net 
IRR" shall mean an aggregate, compound, annual, gross or net, as applicable, 
internal rate of return on investments, based on daily cash flows. 
Calculations are presented based on actual cash flows 
to and from limited partners. All IRRs are presented on a "gross" basis 
unless otherwise stated (i.e., they do not reflect the priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs in connection 
EFTA01398262
--- PAGE 122 ---
with the disposition of unrealized investments and other expenses that are 
borne by investors in the applicable funds, all of which will reduce returns 
and, in the aggregate, are expected to be 
substantial). Net IRR is presented after deducting all priority profit 
share, carried interest, taxes, transaction costs and other fees and 
expenses (other than taxes borne or to be borne by investors, 
including as a result of an investor's domicile). Further, note that the 
calculation methodology adopted to calculate Net IRR in respect of the SOF 
Funds is impacted by the SOF Funds' use of 
subscription line facilities. Returns reflect purchase price netting in all 
instances where subscription credit lines, payment deferrals, and permanent 
fund borrowing have been utilized. Although the 
manager maintains flexibility to do so, capital has not been recycled to 
date. Distributions to Paid-in Capital ("DPI") represents aggregate 
distributions to investors in the SOF Funds relative to 
aggregate capital contributions to the SOF Funds. Residual Value to Paid-in 
Capital ("RVPI") represents the value of the SOF Funds investors' interest 
held within the SOF Funds relative to aggregate 
capital contributions to the SOF Funds, net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. Total Value to Paid-in Capital 
("TVPI"): TVPI =DPI + RVPI. Gross multiple 
represents Total Value divided by Funded Capital. Net fund data (net TVPI, 
etc.) net performance data reflects amounts net of the SOF Funds' carried 
interest, management fees and other expenses. 
Valuations. Valuations of unrealized investments are generally based on a 
good faith and reasonable determination by the general partner of the 
relevant investment fund. Any such valuation of 
unrealized investment will be based on assumptions that such general partner 
believes are reasonable under the circumstances, the actual realized returns 
on unrealized investments will depend on, 
among other factors, future operating results, the value of the assets and 
market conditions at the time of disposition, any related transaction costs 
and the timing and manner of sale, all of which may 
differ from the assumptions on which the valuations used in the prior 
performance data contained herein are based. Accordingly, the actual 
realized returns generated by these unrealized investments 
may differ materially from the returns indicated herein. 
Target returns. The targeted returns (the "Targets") presented herein are 
based on Glendower's views regarding the returns on investments that such 
funds may be able to achieve during their 
respective terms based on the investment performance of similar investments, 
current market conditions, potential investment opportunities that are being 
reviewed or have recently been reviewed, 
availability of financing and certain assumptions about investing conditions 
and market fluctuation or recovery. The Targets are also based on models, 
estimates, and assumptions about performance 
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. There is no guarantee 
that the facts upon which such assumptions are based will materialize as 
anticipated and will be applicable to such funds' 
investments. Individual investments made by such funds may have anticipated 
returns below or above the Targets. The Targets are hypothetical and are 
EFTA01398263
--- PAGE 123 ---
neither a guarantee nor a prediction or 
projection of future performance. A broad range of risks could cause the 
funds to fail to meet their Targets. As with other gross returns, gross 
Targets do not reflect the priority profit share, "carried 
interest," taxes, transaction costs in connection with the disposition of 
unrealized investments and other expenses that will be borne by investors, 
which will reduce returns and, in the aggregate, are 
expected to be substantial. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398264
--- PAGE 124 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (1/6) 
For Residents of the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of the EU Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(the "AIFMD"), the Fund will constitute an EU AIF (as defined in the AIFMD) 
whose AIFM (as defined in the AIFMD) is the 
Manager, itself an EU AIFM. Except as provided below in respect of the 
specific member states listed, this Presentation and any other documents or 
materials related to the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the interests in the Fund, shall 
only be distributed to prospective investors domiciled or with their 
registered offices in a member state of the European 
Economic Area that are "professional investors". For these purposes, a 
"professional investor" is a person who is considered to be a professional 
client or who may, on request, be treated as a 
professional client within the meaning of Annex II to Directive 2004/39/EC. 
AIFMD Notice. 
In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a "Member State") which 
has implemented the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
(Directive (2011/61/EU)) (the "AIFMD") (and for 
which transitional arrangements are not/ no longer available), this 
Presentation may only be distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) 
the Fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the 
relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the 
local law/regulation of the relevant Member State); or 
(2) this presentation may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the 
interests in the Fund may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that 
Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). 
In relation to each Member State of the EEA which, at the date of this 
presentation, has not implemented AIFMD, this presentation may only be 
distributed and interests in the Fund may only be 
offered or placed to the extent that this presentation may be lawfully 
distributed and the interests in the Fund may lawfully be offered or placed 
in that Member State (including at the initiative of the 
investor). 
For persons in Australia. This information has been prepared for general 
information purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation constitutes 
investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to 
individual circumstances, or otherwise constitute a personal recommendation 
to any specific investor. Recipients of this 
Presentation should not assume that any investment discussed herein were or 
will be profitable. There is no guarantee concerning the achievement of 
investment objectives or target returns or 
measurements. Any reference to past performance is not indicative of future 
results and is no guarantee to future results. This Presentation has been 
prepared for and is provided only to permitted 
recipients in Australia who qualify as wholesale clients as that term is 
defined by section 761G(7) of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth.) 
EFTA01398265
--- PAGE 125 ---
(the "Act") and as sophisticated or professional 
investors as defined by sections 708(8) and (11) (respectively) of the Act, 
in respect of which an offer would not require disclosure under Chapter 6D 
or Part 7.9 of the Act. It does not contain and 
should not be taken as containing any financial product advice or financial 
product recommendations. This Presentation is not a prospectus, product 
disclosure statement or any other form of 
prescribed offering document under the Act. This Presentation is not 
required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be 
required in either a prospectus, product disclosure statement 
or any other form of prescribed offering document under the Act, nor is it 
required to be submitted to the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission. The funds referred to in these materials 
are not registered schemes as defined in the Act. In Australia, Credit 
Suisse Group entities, other than Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch, are not 
authorized deposit-taking institutions for the purposes 
of the Banking Act 1959 (Cth.) and their obligations do not represent 
deposits or other liabilities of Credit Suisse AG, Sydney Branch. Credit 
Suisse AG, Sydney Branch does not guarantee or 
otherwise provide assurance in respect of the obligations of such Credit 
Suisse entities or the funds. 
For persons in Bahrain. The Presentation has not been approved by the 
Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents No 
offer to the public to purchase the Fund's interests 
will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Presentation is intended to 
be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown 
to the public generally. 
For persons in Brazil. The information contained herein is for informational 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances is to be construed as, 
a prospectus, an advertisement, a public 
offering, an offer to sell the interests described herein or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy the interests described herein in Brazil. Any public 
offer or sale of the interests described herein will be made 
only if applicable registration in the Brazilian Securities Commission is 
obtained. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any investment 
will be deemed to the public in Brazil or by any means 
would be deemed public offering of securities in Brazil. Under no 
circumstances is the information contained herein to be construed as 
investment advice. Brazilian Securities Commission has not 
reviewed the material herein. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398266
--- PAGE 126 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (2/6) 
For persons in Brunei. This Presentation has not been delivered to, licensed 
or permitted by Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam. Nor has it been 
registered with the Registrar of Companies. This 
Presentation is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an 
invitation or offer to the public. As such, it must not be distributed or 
redistributed to and may not be relied upon or used by 
any person in Brunei other than the person to whom it is directly 
communicated and who belongs to a class of persons as defined under Section 
of the Brunei Securities Market Order, 2013. 
For persons in Canada. This Presentation is only intended for persons in 
Canada who qualify to be a "permitted client" within the meaning National 
Instrument 31-103 — Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. To the extent that the 
information contained herein references securities of an issuer 
incorporated, formed or created under the laws of Canada or a 
province or territory of Canada, any trades in or advice regarding such 
securities must be conducted through an investment dealer registered in 
Canada. No securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon these materials, 
the information contained herein or the merits of the interests described 
herein and any representation to the contrary is 
an offence. 
For persons in Cayman Islands. No invitation may be made to the public in 
the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Interests. 
For persons in Chile. All or some of the offered securities may have not 
been registered with the Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros ("SVS") 
pursuant to law no. 18,045, the Ley de Mercado de 
Valores, and regulations thereunder. Securities not registered with the SVS 
may not be offered or sold publicly in Chile (unless a regulatory exemption 
apply). This document does not constitute an 
offer of, or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase, the securities in 
the Republic of Chile, other than to individually identified investors 
pursuant to a private offering within the meaning of article 4 of 
the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not "addressed to the public 
in general or to a certain sector or specific group of the public"). For 
additional information referred to each of the offered 
securities, please contact your Relationship Manager. 
For persons in China. No invitation to offer, or offer for, or sale of, any 
interest or investment will be made to the public in the People's Republic 
of China ("PRC") or by any means that would be 
deemed public offering of securities under the laws of the PRC. These 
materials may not be distributed to individuals resident in the PRC or 
entities registered in the PRC who have not obtained all the 
required PRC government approvals. It is the investor's responsibility to 
ensure that it has obtained all necessary PRC government approvals to 
purchase any interest, participate in any investment or 
receive any investment advisory or investment management services. 
For persons in Colombia. This marketing material does not constitute a 
EFTA01398267
--- PAGE 127 ---
public offer in the Republic of Colombia. It is being distributed under 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of 
securities under applicable Colombian securities laws and regulations. 
Neither the products, nor the Management Company/Issuers have and will not 
be registered with the Superintendence of 
Finance of Colombia. Potential Colombian investors should make their own 
decision whether this financial product meets their investment objectives 
and risk tolerance level. Each potential Colombian 
investor should make its own inquiries and consult its own advisors as to 
this financial product and the Management Company/Issuers, including the 
merits and risks involved, and as to legal, tax and 
related matters concerning an investment in the products. This marketing 
material is marketed in Colombia or provided to Colombian residents in 
compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and other 
applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign 
financial and/or securities related products or services in Colombia. 
Accordingly, the products may only be promoted to Colombian 
residents in compliance with decree 2555 of 2010 and under circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offering of securities under applicable 
Colombian marketing rules and general securities 
laws and regulations. 
For persons in France. This Presentation can only be communicated to 
qualified investors within the meaning of the article D411.1 of the Monetary 
Financial Code (Code Monetaire et Financier) to 
professional clients and eligible counterparties. 
For persons in Guernsey. This Presentation has not been approved or 
authorized by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission or the States of 
Guernsey Policy Council. 
For persons in Haiti. This Presentation is for general informational 
purposes only. Nothing in this Presentation is intended to constitute 
financial advice. No public or private offering of the Interests is 
being made in Haiti and no agreement relating to the sale of the Interests 
will be concluded in Haiti. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398268
--- PAGE 128 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (3/6) 
For persons in Hong Kong. The information memorandum in relation to any 
interest and/or investment referred to in this Presentation has not been 
approved by the Securities and Futures 
Commission of Hong Kong. Accordingly (a) any interests or securities may not 
be offered or sold and have not been offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means 
of any document, other than to (i) 
"professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (ii) in 
other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 
622) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within 
the meaning of that Ordinance; and (b) no 
person has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and 
will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether 
in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any interest or securities, which is 
directed at, or the contents of which are or are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to any 
interests or securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to 
persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional 
investors" within the definition of the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
(Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance. 
For persons in Israel. This Presentation has not been approved by the Israel 
Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a 
manner that will not constitute "an offer to the 
public" under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 
("the Securities Law") or section 25 of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, 
5754-1994 ("the Joint Investment Trusts Law"), as 
applicable. The products described in this Presentation (the "Products") are 
being offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during 
any given 12 month period) and/or those 
categories of investors listed in the First Addendum ("the Addendum") to the 
Securities Law, ("Sophisticated Investors") namely joint investment funds or 
mutual trust funds, provident funds, insurance 
companies, banking corporations (purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing 
Products for themselves or for clients who are 
Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers 
(purchasing Products for themselves), members of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange 
(purchasing Products for themselves or for 
clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing Products 
for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the capital 
market, an entity which is wholly-owned by 
Sophisticated Investors, corporations, (other than formed for the specific 
purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer), with a shareholders equity 
in excess of NIS 50 million, and individuals in 
respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice 
EFTA01398269
--- PAGE 129 ---
Law hold true investing for their own account, in respect of which at least 
one of the following applies: the total value of 
their cash, deposits, financial assets (as defined in the Investment Advice 
Law) and securities traded on a stock exchange licensed under the Securities 
Law (together, "Liquid Assets") exceeds NIS 8 
million (approximately £1.3 million); their level of income over each of the 
preceding two years exceeds NIS 1.2 million (approximately £200,000), or the 
level of income of their "family unit" exceeds 
NIS 1.8 million (approximately £300,000); or the aggregate value of all 
their Liquid Assets exceeds NIS 5 million (approximately £830,000) and their 
level of income over each of the preceding two 
years exceeds NIS 600,000 (approximately £100,000), or the level of income 
of their "family unit" exceeds NIS 900,000 (approximately £150,000); each as 
defined in the said Addendum, as amended 
from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation 
that they qualify as Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the 
consequences of such designation and agree 
thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private 
placement or other exemptions of the Joint Investment Trusts Law, the 
Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, 
pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israel Securities 
Authority. 
This Presentation may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose, nor 
be furnished to any other person other than those to whom copies have been 
sent. Any offeree who purchases a Product 
is purchasing such Product for its own benefit and account and not with the 
aim or intention of distributing or offering such Product to other parties 
(other than, in the case of an offeree which is a 
Sophisticated Investor by virtue of it being a banking corporation, 
portfolio manager or member of the Tel-Aviv Stock Exchange, as defined in 
the Addendum, where such offeree is purchasing Product 
for another party which is a Sophisticated Investor). Nothing in this 
Presentation should be considered investment advice or investment marketing 
as defined in the Regulation of Investment 
Counselling, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995. 
Investors are encouraged to seek competent investment counselling from a 
locally licensed investment counsel prior to making the investment. As a 
prerequisite to the receipt of a copy of this 
Presentation a recipient shall be required by the Fund to provide 
confirmation that it is a Sophisticated Investor purchasing Products for its 
own account or, where applicable, for other Sophisticated 
Investors. 
This Presentation does not constitute an offer to sell or solicitation of an 
offer to buy any securities other than the interests in the Fund offered 
hereby, nor does it constitute an offer to sell to or 
solicitation of an offer to buy from any person or persons in any state or 
other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful, or 
in which the person making such offer or solicitation is 
not qualified to do so, or to a person or persons to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398270
--- PAGE 130 ---
EFTA01398271
--- PAGE 131 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (4/6) 
For persons in Japan. The information in relation to any interest and/ or 
investment has not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, 
Paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "FIEL") and, 
accordingly, any interest and/or investment in them may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit, of any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under 
circumstances which will result in compliance with all 
applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant 
Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the 
relevant time. For this purpose, "Japanese person" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other 
entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
In Japan, this material is distributed by Credit Suisse Securities (Japan) 
Limited ("CSJL"), a registered Financial Instruments Firm (Director-General 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 66). 
CSJL is a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures 
Association of Japan, Japan Investment Advisers Association and Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
For persons in Malaysia. This document is provided on a confidential basis 
and made upon your request. This document does not constitute, and should 
not be construed as constituting, an offer or 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities (as defined in the 
Capital Markets and Services Act 2007) in Malaysia or interests (as defined 
in the Companies Act 1965) to the public in 
Malaysia. The dispatch of this document does not make available any 
securities for subscription or purchase in Malaysia. This document has been 
issued outside of Malaysia and no issue, offer or 
invitation under this document has any effect in Malaysia. 
For persons in Mexico: This marketing material is distributed in the United 
Mexican States ("Mexico") by a Foreign Financial Institution (Institucion 
Financiera del Exterior) not subject to the 
supervision of the National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisi6n 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores) (the "CNBV"). The securities mentioned 
herein are not registered in the National Securities 
Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) (the "RNV") or in the International 
Quotation System (Sistema Internacional de Cotizaciones) (the "SIC") of the 
Mexican Stock Exchange (Bolsa Mexicana de 
Valores), therefore such securities, its issuance, offering, distribution 
and listing are not subject to the supervision of the CNBV or the provisions 
of Mexican law. The securities shall not be subject to 
public offering, listing or brokerage in Mexico unless registered in the RNV 
or the SIC pursuant to the applicable legal provisions. 
For persons in Monaco: This product may not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, to the public in Monaco other than by a Monaco Bank or a duly 
authorized Monegasque intermediary acting as 
a professional institutional investor which has such knowledge and 
EFTA01398272
--- PAGE 132 ---
experience in financial and business matters as to be capable of evaluating 
the risks and merits of an investment in the Fund. 
Consequently, this document may only be communicated to banks duly licensed 
by the "Autorite de Controle Prudentiel" and fully licensed portfolio 
management companies by virtue of Law n° 1.144 
of July 26, 1991 and Law 1.338 of September 7, 2007, duly licensed by the 
"Commission de Controle des Activites Financier-es. Such regulated 
intermediaries may in turn communicate this document 
to potential investors. 
For persons in New Zealand. This information has been prepared for and is 
provided only to permitted recipients in New Zealand who qualify as an 
"investment business" or "government agency" 
within the meaning of clause 37(1) and clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the New 
Zealand Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. 
For persons in the Sultanate of Oman. The information contained in this 
Presentation neither constitutes a public offer of securities in the 
Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman 
(Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the 
solicitation of any offer to buy Non-Omani 
securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the 
Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued by Decision No.-
1/2009). 
Additionally, this Presentation is not intended to lead to the conclusion of 
any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of 
Oman. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398273
--- PAGE 133 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (5/6) 
For persons in Qatar. The interests in the Fund are only being offered to a 
limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an 
independent investigation of the risks involved in an 
investment in such interests. The promotional documentation does not 
constitute an offer to the public and is for the use only of the named 
addressee and should not be given or shown to any other 
person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). The Fund has not been and will not be 
registered with the Qatar Central Bank or under 
any laws of the State of Qatar. No transaction will be concluded in your 
jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding the interests in the Fund should be 
made to Glendower. 
For persons in Saudi Arabia. This Presentation may may not be distributed in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under 
the Offers of Securities Regulations 
issued by the Capital Market Authority (the "CMA"). 
The CMA does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness 
of this Document, and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any 
loss arising from, or incurred in reliance 
upon, any part of this Presentation. Prospective purchasers of the interests 
offered hereby should conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the 
information relating to the interests. If you do 
not understand the contents of this Presentation you should consult an 
authorized financial adviser. 
For persons in Singapore. This Presentation is not a prospectus as defined 
in the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore ("SFA") and has 
not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, statutory liability under the 
SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply, and this 
Presentation should not be construed in any way as a 
solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any interest or investment referred 
to in this Presentation . You should consider carefully whether the 
investment is suitable for you. The product named in this 
Presentation is not authorized or recognized by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS") and none of its interests / shares / units shall be 
allowed to be offered to retail public in Singapore. 
This Presentation may be distributed only (i) to persons who are 
"institutional investors" under section 304 of the SFA. 
For persons in South Korea. This Presentation is being provided to you for 
general discussion purposes only to gauge the level of interest in the 
relevant products. The delivery of this Presentation 
to you should not be construed in any way as soliciting investment or 
offering to sell any interests described in this Presentation. Rather, 
before the sales of any fund product, the fund will first be 
registered with the Financial Services Commission in Korea and a locally 
licensed entity will be engaged. 
For persons in Switzerland. Credit Suisse provides no guarantee with regard 
to the content and completeness of the information and does not accept any 
EFTA01398274
--- PAGE 134 ---
liability for losses that might arise from 
making use of the information. If nothing is indicated to the contrary, all 
figures are unaudited. The information provided herein is for the exclusive 
use of the recipient. Private equity is private equity 
capital investment in companies that are not traded publicly (i.e., are not 
listed on a stock exchange). Private equity investments are generally 
illiquid and are seen as a long-term investment. Private 
equity investments, including the investment opportunity described herein, 
may include the following additional risks: (i) loss of all or a substantial 
portion of the investor's investment, (ii) investment 
managers may have incentives to make investments that are riskier or more 
speculative due to performance-based compensation, (iii) lack of liquidity 
as there may be no secondary market, (iv) 
volatility of returns, (v) restrictions on transfer, (vi) potential lack of 
diversification, (vii) high fees and expenses, (viii) little or no 
requirement to provide periodic pricing and (ix) complex tax structures 
and delays in distributing important tax information to investors. 
The representative of the Fund in Switzerland is Hugo Fund Services SA, 6 
Cours de Rive, CH-1204 Geneva (the "Representative"). The offering 
documents, articles of association and audited 
financial statements can be obtained free of charge from the Representative. 
The place of performance for interests of the Fund offered or distributed in 
or from Switzerland is the registered office of 
the Representative. The courts of the canton of Geneva shall have 
jurisdiction in relation to any disputes arising out of the duties of the 
Representative. Any dispute related to the distribution of 
interests of the Fund in and from Switzerland shall be subject to the 
jurisdiction of the registered office of the distributor. 
The Paying Agent in Switzerland is Banque Cantonale de Geneve, 17 Quai de 
l'Ile, CH-1207 Geneva, Switzerland (the "Paying Agent"). Interests may be 
subscribed and/or redeemed with the Paying 
Agent. A handling commission will be charged by the Paying Agent. If a 
subscription or redemption is made through the Paying Agent, instructions 
and money must be received by the paying agent at 
least 24 hours before the appropriate dealing cut-off time. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398275
--- PAGE 135 ---
Greg Martin 
Important Information for Recipients in Certain 
Jurisdictions (6/6) 
For persons in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation does not constitute an 
offer or solicitation in St. Kitts and Nevis. This Presentation has not been 
reviewed by the Securities Commission or the 
Financial Services Regulatory Commission in St. Kitts and Nevis. No 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis has passed upon the accuracy or 
adequacy of the offering or endorsed the merits of the 
offering. The Fund has not been and will not be registered with any 
regulatory authority in St. Kitts and Nevis. Each investor should consult 
his or her legal counsel or accountant or financial advisor for 
advice on the various legal, tax or economic matters concerning his or her 
investment in the Fund. There is risk involved in investing, with the 
ultimate risk being the loss of the investor's entire 
investment. 
For persons in UAE/Abu Dhabi/Dubai. This Presentation, and the information 
contained herein, does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a 
public offer of securities in the United Arab 
Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The interests in 
the Fund are only being offered to a limited number of sophisticated 
investors in the UAE who (a) are willing and able to 
conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment 
in such interests , and (b) upon their specific request. The interests in 
the Fund have not been approved by or licensed or 
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities 
Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental 
agencies in the UAE. The Presentation is for the use of the 
named addressee only and should not be given or shown to any other person 
(other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the 
addressee's consideration thereof). No transaction 
will be concluded in the UAE and any enquiries regarding the interests in 
the Fund should be made to Glendower. 
For persons in the United States of America. In making an investment 
decision prospective must rely on their own examination of the issuer and 
the terms of the offering, including the merits and 
risks involved. 
The Interests have not been recommended by any federal or state securities 
commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, the foregoing authorities 
have not confirmed the accuracy or determined 
the adequacy of this Presentation. Any representation to the contrary is a 
criminal offense. 
The Interests have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act, or any state or other securities laws or the laws of any non-U.S. 
jurisdiction, nor is such registration contemplated. The 
Interests will be offered and sold in the United States only to qualifying 
recipients of the Fund's private placement memorandum pursuant to the 
exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act provided by Section 4(2) and Regulation D thereof and any 
applicable regulations promulgated thereunder and in compliance with the 
applicable securities laws of the states and other 
EFTA01398276
--- PAGE 136 ---
jurisdictions where the offering will be made. The Interests are being sold 
for investment only and are subject to restrictions on transferability and 
resale and may not be transferred or resold except as 
provided in the Fund Partnership Agreement and as permitted under the 
Securities Act and the applicable state securities laws, pursuant to 
registration or exemption therefrom. Limited Partners 
should be aware that they will be required to bear the financial risks of an 
investment in the Interests for an indefinite period of time. The Fund will 
not be registered as an investment company under 
the Investment Company Act. Consequently, Investors will not be afforded the 
protections of the Investment Company Act. There will be no public market 
for the Interests, and there is no obligation 
on the part of any person to register the Interests under the Securities Act. 
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL 
EFTA01398277
--- PAGE 137 ---
Greg Martin 
Important information 
Supplemental Disclosure by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. and Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas 
(together with its affiliates, "Deutsche Bank," "us," "our," or "we") 
We have sent you this document in our capacity as a solicitation agent for 
the fund associated with this presentation material. 
Although the information contained in this presentation has been obtained 
from sources we believe to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, 
completeness or fairness. Opinions and estimates that are contained in this 
presentation material may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid. 
BEFORE ENTERING INTO ANY TRANSACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE STEPS TO ENSURE THAT 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND HAVE MADE AN 
INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF THE APPROPRIATENESS OF THE TRANSACTION IN LIGHT OF 
YOUR OWN OBJECTIVES AND CIRCUMSTANCES, 
INCLUDING THE POSSIBLE RISKS AND BENEFITS OF ENTERING INTO SUCH TRANSACTION. 
YOU SHOULD ALSO CONSIDER MAKING SUCH 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATIONS AS YOU CONSIDER NECESSARY OR APPROPRIATE FOR SUCH 
PURPOSE. 
The past performance of the securities described in this presentation 
material does not guarantee or predict future performance. 
The securities described in this presentation material are not deposits, are 
not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any other 
U S. 
governmental agency, are not obligations of or guaranteed by Deutsche Bank 
Trust Company Americas, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., or any of their 
affiliates, 
and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of the 
principal amount invested. Further, the securities described in this 
presentation have not been 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 or the Investment 
Company Act of 1940. 
We or persons associated with us may earn compensation from the fund 
described in this presentation material or its affiliates through 
arrangements that may or 
may not directly involve our solicitation agent activities, such as the 
provision of brokerage or prime brokerage services or research. Our 
employees, including 
those of our investment representatives who may offer fund interests to 
clients, may now or in the future own interests in the fund described in 
this presentation 
material. 
Deutsche Bank does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. 
Notwithstanding any other express or implied agreement, arrangement or 
understanding to the 
contrary, we hereby authorize you (and any of your employees, 
representatives or agents), subject to applicable U.S. federal and state 
securities laws, to 
disclose to any and all persons the structure and tax aspects of this 
potential transaction, and all materials of any kind (including opinions or 
EFTA01398278
--- PAGE 138 ---
other tax analyses) 
that are provided to you related to such structure and tax aspects, without 
Deutsche Bank imposing any limitations of any kind. This authorization is 
effective 
without limitation of any kind from the commencement of our discussion. 
027210 042718 
Deutsche Bank 
Wealth Management 
EFTA01398279

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398280.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398280.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Epstein [I] 
From: Natalie Barak <ffi 
Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2019 11:30:43 -0400 
To: Stewart Oldfield 
Classification: For internal use only 
Here's a few docs to get you started 
I will keep looking 
Janice Franklin still works here — she may have the email that Chip wrote 
which was attached to the AML clearance. 
{logo} 
Natalie Barak 
Vice President I Relationship Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
EFTA01398280

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398281.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398281.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Fwd: Darren Indyke shared "Invioce Document.pdf" with you 
From: 
Date: 
Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Thu, 14 Feb 2019 10:15:55 -0500 
To: 
Cc: Liam Osullivan < 
, 
Bri id Macias 
Bcc: 
We can't access Dropbox at DB, please send the attachment directly if you 
can. I'm out of the office this week and next, but the team will help in my 
absence. Thanks 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Deutsche 
Deutsche 
345 Park 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Bank Trust Company Americas 
Bank Wealth Management 
Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Darren Indyke (via Dropbox)" ‹
> 
Date: Februar 14, 2019 at 6:22:14 AM PST 
To: 
Subject: Darren Indyke shared "Invioce Document.pdf" with you 
Reply-To: ‹
> 
Hi there, 
Darren Indyke 
Document.pdf" on Dropbox. 
View file 
Enjoy! 
The Dropbox team 
Darren and others will be 
) invited you to view the file "Invioce 
able to see when you view this file. Other files 
EFTA01398281
--- PAGE 2 ---
shared with you through Dropbox may also show this info. Learn more in our 
help center. 
Report to Dropbox 
2019 Dropbox 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01398282

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398283.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398283.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Jeepers Certificate 
From: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Date: Wed, 26 Sep 2018 11:30:03 -0400 
To: Bella Klein 
Cc: Bradley Gillin 
Richard Iarossi 
Bcc: 
Bella, 
I think this is the final certificate of good standing we need to receive. 
Please let us know when you'll be able to send. Thanks for all of your help 
getting these taken care of. 
Stewart Oldfield, CFA, CAIA 
Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
This communication may contain confidential and/or privileged information. 
If you are not the intended recipient (or have received this communication 
in error) please notify the sender immediately and destroy this 
communication. Any unauthorized copying, disclosure or distribution of the 
material in this communication is strictly forbidden. 
Please refer to https://db.com/disclosures for additional EU corporate and 
regulatory disclosures. 
Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice, and the information 
EFTA01398283
--- PAGE 2 ---
contained in this communication should not be regarded as such. 
EFTA01398284

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398285.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398285.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Oldfield Materials [C] 
From: Brianna Fowler ‹
> 
Date: Tue, 09 Aug 2016 08:09:50 -0400 
To: Stewart Oldfield ‹
> 
Classification: Confidential 
Kind regards, 
Anna Fowler 
Anna Fowler 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Fax • 
Email 
EFTA01398285

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398286.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398286.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Account openin docs [SC] 
From: Stewart Oldfield 
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2019 09:09:18 -0400 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Daphne Cales 
Bcc: 
Classification: Strictly Confidential 
From: Liam Osullivan 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 3:11 PM 
To: Daphne Cales 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: RE: Account opening docs [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I have attached the documents for the following: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeepers Inc 
I have attached one set of documents for Southern Trust Company. The same 
documents were used for all 3 accounts listed below: 
Account 
Account 
Account 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Primary 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Secondary 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Secondary 
EFTA01398286
--- PAGE 2 ---
I attached the documents provided yesterday for Southern Financial LLC 
. These documents also cover the following secondary accounts: 
Southern Financial LLC 
Southern Financial LLC 
Southern Financial LLC 
From: Daphne Cales 
Sent: Wednesday, July 17, 2019 10:04 AM 
To: Liam Osullivan 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Account opening docs [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Liam, 
Ops for some reason does not have access to brokerage docs. Would you be 
able to pull the ones on the list that you haven't sent already? Please and 
thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
EFTA01398287
--- PAGE 3 ---
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
EFTA01398288

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398289.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398289.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Cases for this Week - 6/21 [I] 
From: Oliver Esslinger 
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 2019 13:52:20 -0400 
To: Ellenoi Jarvis 
Jamaal Bushara 
Joseph Harlest 
Nina Tona 
Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Padam Chainani 
Ana Hunter , 
L. `--
Ian Salters 
Paolo De-Leon 
Keith Buckholz 
Joseph Cothron 
Jennifer Hudson 
Classification: For internal use only 
Ellenoi/all: 
I amended managed exit tab — see attached excel. Having said that and when 
looking up the maturity date from Paolo's and Keith's input — see screen 
shot — it looks to me that trade already matured (2month Swap only or typo?) 
If so does it mean that we have no more active trades on the books for 1149 
Gower? 
If so, this client should be offboarded rather than moved to managed exit. 
Can somebody please confirm (Paolo/Keith/Joe maybe)? 
Counterparty Name 
Coverage 
Office Location 
TRADE ID 
Trade Description 
EFTA01398289
--- PAGE 2 ---
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
January 
1149 Gower Street Hollywood LLC 
Dan Gray 
LA 
swap 
01/29/19 
03/31/19 
Also adding Jen to carve out from upcoming mailing initiave. 
Regards 
Oliver 
(cid:image001.gif@OlDOADA8 
Oliver Esslinger 
Director I COO 
Head of Business Integrity Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
EFTA01398290
--- PAGE 3 ---
Postal address: 345 Park Avenue, 14th floor, New York, NY 10154, USA 
From: Ellenoi Jarvis 
Sent: Thursday, June 20, 2019 1:32 PM 
To: Jamaal Bushara 
Nina Tona 
Cc: Padam Ch • 
' 
Ana Hun 
Ian Salters 
linger 
Subject: RE: ases or 
is cc - 6/21 [I] 
oseph Harleston 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Update to this week's cases for ISG. 
Per ACO response to ADL outreach - 
should be 
handled as Managed Exit. Please move from list below and update tracker 
status to Managed Exit and ADL status to N/A. 
Sincerely, 
EFTA01398291
--- PAGE 4 ---
Ellenoi Jarvis 
Ellenoi Jarvis 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
- 
w York, NY, USA 
From: Nina Tona 
Sent: Thursday, June 20 2019 11:29 AM 
.11.. : I. . 
na un er 
iver Esslinger 
u ject: 
ases or this Week - 6/2 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Team, 
oseph Harleston 
is 
Ian Salters 
Please see the updated list. Ellenoi added the 4 clients. Kindly review and 
advise what is required to remediate, please ensure Red Okas is worked on 
first. 
Pending with COB 
EFTA01398292
--- PAGE 5 ---
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Action 
COB Responsible 
Due Date 
134 West 58th Realty LLC 
Remediation 
COB 
IT issue 
Jamaal 
06/19/2019 
Remediation 
COB 
IT issue 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
Dobson CC Limited Partnership 
Remediation 
COB 
With G KYC Checker 
Jamaal 
EFTA01398293
--- PAGE 6 ---
6/21/2019 
Red Oak Investment Fund 
Remediation (High Priority) 
COB 
Provide remediation list 
Jamaal 
6/28/2019 
Howard Lepow 
Remediation 
COB 
Provide remediation list 
Joe 
6/28/2019 
1149 Gower Street Hollywood LLC 
Remediation 
COB 
Provide remediation list 
Jamaal 
6/28/2019 
Remediation 
COB 
Provide remediation list 
EFTA01398294
--- PAGE 7 ---
Joe 
6/28/2019 
Pending with Business 
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Dakota Pacific Global Macro Fund LLC 
Extension 
Client to provide clarification to AFC question 
Staple Street Global 
Extension 
With business to obtain from client 
Daniel and Suzzan Cohen 
Remediation 
Tax issue, MIFID opt-out 
DA Brazil 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
DA Venezuela 
NCA 
EFTA01398295
--- PAGE 8 ---
With business to obtain from client 
Ultralat Capital Markets 
Refresh 
With business to obtain from client 
Anschutz Investment Company 
Extension 
With business to provide required info 
Fox Growth Fund Inc 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Niscaly 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Black Maple Capital Partners 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
The Lamia Ventures Corporation 
Remediation 
With business to obtain from client. Client on vacation 
Blue Media Investments 
Remediation 
With business to provide list of requirements 
EFTA01398296
--- PAGE 9 ---
Vanguardia Inversiones SA 
Remediation 
Pending with business 
Thank you 
Nina Tona Brunelli 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Institutional Wealth Partners — Business Manager Americas 
Deutsche Bank (Americas) Ltd. 
5022 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville FL 32256 
#Positive Impact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to 
sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as "institutional accounts" 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment 
benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and 
EFTA01398297
--- PAGE 10 ---
determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and 
financial transactions. Transactions are subject to relevant internal 
approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you 
are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group 
(IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is 
for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered through the 
IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage 
advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment advisory 
services, and private market opportunities and other products and services 
available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your 
information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material 
herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
From: Nina Tona 
Sent: Monday, June 17, 2019 11:06 AM 
• 
Joseph Harleston 
c: •a am 
avian]. 
Ellenoi Jarvis 
Ana Hunter 
Oliver Esslinger 
r this Week - Updated List [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Good Morning Team, 
Ian Salters 
Please see the below list for this week. Might add more after discussions 
with business or hope to move some from with business to COB. 
EFTA01398298
--- PAGE 11 ---
Pending with COB 
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Action 
COB Responsible 
Due Date 
Vanguardia Inversiones SA 
Remediation 
COB 
Need to send to verification 
Jamaal 
6/19/2019 
134 West 58th Realty LLC 
Remediation 
COB 
Jamaal Advise what else is required 
Jamaal 
06/19/2019 
Ultralat Capital Markets 
Refresh 
COB 
EFTA01398299
--- PAGE 12 ---
Waiting on IBOs to be build. The work on GKYs 
Joe 
6/21/2019 
125 Washington 
Remediation 
COB 
IT issue 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
Colina Insurance 
Remediation 
COB 
Dobson CC Limited Partnership 
Remediation 
COB 
List of requirements 
Jamaal 
6/21/2019 
EFTA01398300
--- PAGE 13 ---
Pending with Business 
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Dakota Pacific Global Macro Fund LLC 
Extension 
Client to provide clarification to AFC question 
Staple Street Global 
Extension 
With business to obtain from client 
Daniel and Suzzan Cohen 
Remediation 
Tax issue, MIFID opt-out 
DA Brazil 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
EFTA01398301
--- PAGE 14 ---
DA Venezuela 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
Ultralat Capital Markets 
Refresh 
With business to obtain from client 
Anschutz Investment Company 
Extension 
With business to provide required info 
Fox Growth Fund Inc 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Niscaly 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Black Maple Capital Partners 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
The Lamia Ventures Corporation 
Remediation 
With business to obtain from client. Client on vacation 
EFTA01398302
--- PAGE 15 ---
Blue Media Investments 
Remediation 
With business to provide list of requirements 
Thank you 
Nina Tona Brunelli 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Institutional Wealth Partners — Business Manager Americas 
Deutsche Bank (Americas) Ltd. 
5022 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville FL 32256 
#Positive Impact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to 
sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as "institutional accounts" 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment 
benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and 
EFTA01398303
--- PAGE 16 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and 
financial transactions. Transactions are subject to relevant internal 
approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you 
are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group 
(IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is 
for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered through the 
IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage 
advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment advisory 
services, and private market opportunities and other products and services 
available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your 
information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material 
herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
From: Nina Tona 
Sent: Tuesday, June 11, 2019 12:03 PM 
• 
oseph Harleston 
Ellenoi Jarvis 
aver Esslinger 
r this Week - Upda 
Hi Team, 
Please see the updated list. 
Pending with COB 
rs 
EFTA01398304
--- PAGE 17 ---
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Action 
COB Responsible 
Due Date 
George Kaiser Family Foundation 
Remediation 
Pending with AFC (UK and US) 
Jamaal reach out to UK AFC Ricky to clarify 
Nina to follow up with US AFC 
Jamaal 
06/12/2019 
134 West 58th Realty LLC 
Remediation 
COB 
Jamaal Advise what else is required 
Jamaal 
06/12/2019 
West 72nd Street (NEW) 
Remediation 
COB 
EFTA01398305
--- PAGE 18 ---
Provided list of pending items 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
125 Washington 
Remediation 
COB 
Pending with verification 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
237 Wasseman 
Remediation 
COB 
Pending with verification 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
78-79 Wasseman 
Remediation 
COB 
Pending GKYC approval, then to be sent for LKYC 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
Daniel and Suzzane Cohen 
Remediation 
EFTA01398306
--- PAGE 19 ---
COB 
Pending verification and Tax form from business 
Jamaal 
6/14/2019 
Pending with Business 
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Vanguardia Inversiones SA 
Remediation 
Pending with business to provide pending items 
Dakota Pacific Global Macro Fund LLC 
Extension 
Client to provide clarification to AFC question 
Staple Street Global 
Extension 
With business to obtain from client 
DA Brazil 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
EFTA01398307
--- PAGE 20 ---
DA Venezuela 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
Ultralat Capital Markets 
Refresh 
With business to obtain from client 
Anschutz Investment Company 
Extension 
With business to provide required info 
Fox Growth Fund Inc 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Niscaly 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Black Maple Capital Partners 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
The Lamia Ventures Corporation 
Remediation 
With business to obtain from client 
Blue Media Investments 
EFTA01398308
--- PAGE 21 ---
Remediation 
With business to advise next step 
Thank you 
Nina Tona Brunelli 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Institutional Wealth Partners — Business Manager Americas 
Deutsche Bank (Americas) Ltd. 
5022 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville FL 32256 
#Positive Impact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to 
sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as "institutional accounts" 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment 
benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and 
determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and 
financial transactions. Transactions are subject to relevant internal 
EFTA01398309
--- PAGE 22 ---
approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you 
are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group 
(IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is 
for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered through the 
IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage 
advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment advisory 
services, and private market opportunities and other products and services 
available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your 
information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material 
herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
From: Nina Tona 
Sent: Monday, June 10 2019 3:38 PM 
na unter 
Oliver Esslinger 
is Week [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Joe and Jamaal, 
Joseph Harleston 
Ellenoi Jarvis 
Ian Salters 
Please see the below list to be worked on for this week. If any of the ones 
who are pending with business come back, please stop working on the new ones 
which were added this week. 
EFTA01398310
--- PAGE 23 ---
Pending with COB 
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
Action 
COB Responsible 
Due Date 
George Kaiser Family Foundation 
Remediation 
Pending with AFC (UK and US) 
Jamaal reach out to UK AFC Ricky to clarify 
Nina to follow up with US AFC 
Jamaal 
06/12/2019 
134 West 58th Realty LLC 
Remediation 
COB 
Jamaal Advise what else is required 
Jamaal 
06/12/2019 
Blue Media Investments (NEW) 
Remediation 
EFTA01398311
--- PAGE 24 ---
COB 
Provide list of requirements 
Jamaal 
6/14/2019 
West 72nd Street (NEW) 
Remediation 
COB 
Provided list of pending items 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
MPT FUNDS SPC LTD 
Remediation 
COB 
Provide list of requirements 
Joe 
6/14/2019 
Pending with Business 
Client Name 
KYC Type 
Status 
NEW) 
Vanguardia Inversiones SA 
EFTA01398312
--- PAGE 25 ---
Remediation 
Pending with business to provide pending items 
Dakota Pacific Global Macro Fund LLC 
Extension 
Client to provide clarification to AFC question 
Staple Street Global 
Extension 
With business to obtain from client 
DA Brazil 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
DA Venezuela 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
Ultralat Capital Markets 
Refresh 
With business to obtain from client 
Anschutz Investment Company 
Extension 
With business to provide required info 
Fox Growth Fund Inc 
NCA 
EFTA01398313
--- PAGE 26 ---
Pending with business 
Niscaly 
NCA 
Pending with business 
Black Maple Capital Partners 
NCA 
With business to obtain from client 
The Lamia Ventures Corporation 
Remediation 
With business to obtain from client 
Kind regards, 
Nina Tona Brunelli 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Institutional Wealth Partners — Business Manager Americas 
Deutsche Bank (Americas) Ltd. 
5022 Gate Parkway, Jacksonville FL 32256 
EFTA01398314
--- PAGE 27 ---
#Positive Impact 
IWP products and services are intended for and available only to 
sophisticated, experienced investors who qualify as "institutional accounts" 
under FINRA Rule 4512(c)(3), and are capable of evaluating the investment 
benefits and risks of, and exercising independent judgment in evaluating and 
determining whether to enter into, sophisticated trading strategies and 
financial transactions. Transactions are subject to relevant internal 
approvals of Deutsche Bank or its affiliates prior to execution, and no 
transaction, idea or opportunity discussed herein may be executed unless you 
are a client of Deutsche Bank and of the Institutional Wealth Partners group 
(IWP). 
Material herein regarding IWP products, investment ideas and solutions is 
for discussion purposes only. While brokerage services offered through the 
IWP Americas desk may include investment recommendations and brokerage 
advice, IWP does not provide investment management or investment advisory 
services, and private market opportunities and other products and services 
available through IWP are offered only on a non-advisory basis. 
This communication is confidential and personal to you, solely for your 
information and for discussion purposes only, and does not create any 
legally binding obligation. Reproduction or distribution of any material 
herein without our written consent is strictly forbidden. 
EFTA01398315

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398316.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398316.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon <
=.> 
Date: Thu, 22 Feb 2018 10:01:52 -0500 
To: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Xavier Avila 
Keith Buckholz 
GM Davide, 
KYC- "Know Your Client" 
PCR- "Preventative Crime Research" 
RDC- "Regulatory Data Corp" 
Teresa Metallo's group was previously in charge of providing those 
documents, so she may be a good resource to reach out to if you need some 
pointing in the right direction. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Wednesday, February 21, 2018 6:54 PM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes, happy to take point here. 
EFTA01398316
--- PAGE 2 ---
Like Xavi mentions, I'm also not sure what PCR and RDC refer to — can you 
please clarify and I'll provide for the accts below? 
Thank you, 
Davide 
From: Xavier Avila 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:44 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <clavicle-
> 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Sounds good, DAvide can you pls take the lead and let me know if any issues? 
I don't know what PCR and RDC stands for. 
Thanks 
Xavi 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:19 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <clavicle-
Cc: Paolo De-Leon a 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Hi Xavi, 
These are the three docs I referred to in our conversation at my desk last 
week. The Collateral Admin group requires a dummy LS2 facility to be set up 
to enable the WM collateral value to show up in CMV. That group will not 
EFTA01398317
--- PAGE 3 ---
set up an LS2 facility for a new client unless they have certain 
documentation / information (KYC, PCR, RDC, SIC code, NACE code); BRM will 
provide the SIC and NACE codes. We'll also ask the documentation team (i.e. 
Ellenoi) to build this into their required doc list so we don't have to ask 
you moving forward. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 10:43 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <davide-
Cc: Keith Buckholz ‹
> 
Subject: KCP Collateral Flow 
Hello Xavi and Davide, 
Can you kindly provide the following documents for the below three KCP 
clients. These docs are required so that we can on board these clients into 
our daily derivative report, which will allow collateral values to flow 
correctly. 
Client name 
Docs needed 
The Lamia Ventures Corp 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
PW Focus Fund LLC 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Southern Financial LLC 
EFTA01398318
--- PAGE 4 ---
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398319

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398320.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398320.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Date: Tue, 06 Feb 2018 17:22:29 -0500 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Jason Wang 
Hi Teresa, 
Fortunate news- we here at risk have identified a process where we can 
provide the LS2 team the SIC Code and NACE code. However, we ask that your 
team help out by acting as the point of contact for retrieving the KYC, PCR 
and RDC documents. 
Are you in agreement with this proposal? 
Regards, 
Paolo 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 18, 2018 12:11 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Surendra Singh 
; Abhijit Mukherjee < 
; Halina Laczny < 
; Srikanta Gouda 
<fx-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paolo, 
; Debra 
EFTA01398320
--- PAGE 2 ---
I will set up a call with all to discuss how we can support these requests. 
Thanks, 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 18, 2018 11:07 AM 
To: Surendra Singh < 
Laczny 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
; Debra Jasper <EIMM
.>; Halina 
>; Teresa Metallo 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Adding Teresa to the thread. 
; Srikanta Gouda 
' <fx-
Teresa- it seems that Gideon Pinedo who I believe was previously on your 
direct team used to help out with retrieving the below information. Would 
you happen to have someone on your team that can help provide Surenda with 
the below information so that he can build the dummy bond in LS2 and so that 
ultimate we can add collateral into the daily derivative report, which is an 
important report that risk relies upon. 
Debbie and Halina- please let us know who the direct owners of the below 
information is (note that these are Wealth Management clients). 
EFTA01398321
--- PAGE 3 ---
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Thursday, January 18, 2018 10:56 AM 
EFTA01398322
--- PAGE 4 ---
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
; Debra Jasper <===>; 
Halina 
Laczny 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
; Srikanta Gouda 
<fx-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
I am not sure who should be the right contact to provide relevant 
information. I would assume that Gedeon Pinedo used to provided such 
information in past however he left the bank. 
@ Debbie/Halina, 
Would you please assist on below mail if you know the right contact to get 
in touch with? 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
EFTA01398323
--- PAGE 5 ---
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 18, 2018 10:32 AM 
To: Surendra Sin oh 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Abhijit and Surenda, 
Just to confirm my understanding of the process, Abhijit's team cannot 
proceed with adding of the collateral to the daily derivative report until 
Surenda's team builds a dummy bond in LS2, and Surenda cannot proceed unless 
she has the below highlighted items? So it seems that process is in a 
logjam until all the below information is retrieved. 
Surenda- in the past when onboarding Wealth Management clients onto LS2, 
what was the name of the person who provided to you the below information? 
It seems that in Srikanta note below that CRM is responsible for providing 
the LS2 team with that information, but CRM is typically involved only with 
credit risk analysis and margining approval; the information below seems 
operational and compliance based in nature. I'd like to track down the 
ultimate owners of the below information so that we can create a process 
around retrieving this information when setting up new LS2 profiles. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
EFTA01398324
--- PAGE 6 ---
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Wednesday, Januar 17, 2018 11:07 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398325
--- PAGE 7 ---
Hi, 
Please exclude my name from the mail. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@OlD16466.598F5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, Januar 17, 2018 11:02 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Sachiva and Abhijit, 
EFTA01398326
--- PAGE 8 ---
Kindly just following up please. Can you please provide an update. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:55 PM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Please see attached and please proceed with setting up the dummy facility in 
LS2 so that the collateral can be linked to the DDR. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
EFTA01398327
--- PAGE 9 ---
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:36 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11, 2018 11:55 AM 
To: Diana Canter 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398328
--- PAGE 10 ---
Thanks, 
Please retrieve for these below accounts: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11, 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
These are different account numbers than were provided way below originally? 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398329
--- PAGE 11 ---
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:33 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
The account numbers are below: 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello- please see below. 
Icid:image004.png@OlD38F83.357830F01 
EFTA01398330
--- PAGE 12 ---
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
Can you provide the client's account number 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Teresa, 
EFTA01398331
--- PAGE 13 ---
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
EFTA01398332
--- PAGE 14 ---
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 
2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398333
--- PAGE 15 ---
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail .7 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
EFTA01398334
--- PAGE 16 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 
, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
EFTA01398335
--- PAGE 17 ---
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, 
Tel. 
Email 
NY, USA 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
[I] 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 
To: Srikanta Gouda < 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar 
08, 2017 11:38 AM 
SmidraSin
i 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; cu
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO -ffi; 
>; 'FX Middle Office' <fx-
>; Debra Jasper <
>; Roxanne Scott 
EFTA01398336
--- PAGE 18 ---
; Halina Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
EFTA01398337
--- PAGE 19 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
; 
Surendra 
Collateral Admin-NY 
; 
 Sin I 
m
i
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper < 
>; Roxanne Scott 
>; Halina Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
>; CRM-PWM Derivatives < 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Enid Ellis 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY 
EFTA01398338
--- PAGE 20 ---
Sendhil-kumar 
Enid Ellis 
, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
, FX Middle Office <fx-
, Debra Jasper 
>, Roxanne Scott 
, Halina Laczny 
, Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
EFTA01398339
--- PAGE 21 ---
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY <
M=> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4E60930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398340
--- PAGE 22 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
Office 
>; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
•; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
20, 2017 1:27 PM 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY <a> 
Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <n>; 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Roxanne Scott 
; FX Middle 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar K 
20, 2017 1:09 PM 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
EFTA01398341
--- PAGE 23 ---
>; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
>; Roxanne Scott 
; FX Middle 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
EFTA01398342
--- PAGE 24 ---
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Singh < 
-; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <I
>; 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office 
>; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
EFTA01398343
--- PAGE 25 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
a; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott < 
-; Halina 
Laczny < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Hiren Mathur 
; CRM-PWM 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
EFTA01398344
--- PAGE 26 ---
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
a; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott < 
-; Halina 
Laczny < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hiren Mathur 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
EFTA01398345
--- PAGE 27 ---
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Admin-NY 
kumar K 
Office 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
14, 2017 11:00 AM 
>; Surendra Singh 
Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh <
>; Sendhil-
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
>; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
; FX Middle 
; Hiren Mathur 
; Enid Ellis 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
EFTA01398346
--- PAGE 28 ---
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Sin 
>; Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
>; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
EFTA01398347
--- PAGE 29 ---
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3980} 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile +91 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
EFTA01398348
--- PAGE 30 ---
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile +91
EFTA01398349
--- PAGE 31 ---
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
>; Surendra Singh 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
> 
; Nitin-X 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
EFTA01398350
--- PAGE 32 ---
fcid:image018.png@OlD16466.598F5C101 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398351

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398352.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398352.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Date: Thu, 18 Jan 2018 16:46:05 -0500 
To: Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Srikanta Gouda 
Paolo De-Leon 
Surendra Singh 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Abhijit, 
Please provide the Credit Agreement, KYC evidence, SIC code and NACE code 
for this guarantor setup. 
Kind Regards, 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Operations Senior Analyst 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Ph:+ 44-
Email Sendhil-kumar K/db/dbcom 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee 
Sent: Thursday, January 18, 2018 11:20 AM 
To: CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
; Paolo De-Leon 
Singh 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi team, 
>; Surendra 
EFTA01398352
--- PAGE 2 ---
Kindly build the below customer under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Southern Financial LLC 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Icid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile +91 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
Icid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 18, 2018 9:02 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h < 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Abhijit and Surenda, 
EFTA01398353
--- PAGE 3 ---
Just to confirm my understanding of the process, Abhijit's team cannot 
proceed with adding of the collateral to the daily derivative report until 
Surenda's team builds a dummy bond in LS2, and Surenda cannot proceed unless 
she has the below highlighted items? So it seems that process is in a 
logjam until all the below information is retrieved. 
Surenda- in the past when onboarding Wealth Management clients onto LS2, 
what was the name of the person who provided to you the below information? 
It seems that in Srikanta note below that CRM is responsible for providing 
the LS2 team with that information, but CRM is typically involved only with 
credit risk analysis and margining approval; the information below seems 
operational and compliance based in nature. I'd like to track down the 
ultimate owners of the below information so that we can create a process 
around retrieving this information when setting up new LS2 profiles. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@e1D03F70.4C7A3960} 
Paolo De Leon 
EFTA01398354
--- PAGE 4 ---
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2018 11:07 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Please exclude my name from the mail. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@01D16466.59BF5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
EFTA01398355
--- PAGE 5 ---
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, January 17, 2018 11:02 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Kindly just following up please. Can you please provide an update. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:55 PM 
To: Sachiva Gu ta 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
EFTA01398356
--- PAGE 6 ---
Hello Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Please see attached and please proceed with setting up the dummy facility in 
LS2 so that the collateral can be linked to the DDR. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:36 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Teresa Metallo 
EFTA01398357
--- PAGE 7 ---
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11, 2018 11:55 AM 
To: Diana Canter 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Thanks, 
Please retrieve for these below accounts: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11, 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Teresa Metallo 
EFTA01398358
--- PAGE 8 ---
Cc: I
d
eithBud 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
These are different account numbers than were provided way below originally? 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:33 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
The account numbers are below: 
EFTA01398359
--- PAGE 9 ---
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello- please see below. 
fcid:image004.png@OlD38F83.357830F01 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
Can you provide the client's account number 
EFTA01398360
--- PAGE 10 ---
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Teresa, 
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398361
--- PAGE 11 ---
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3960} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398362
--- PAGE 12 ---
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail J 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
EFTA01398363
--- PAGE 13 ---
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 
2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
EFTA01398364
--- PAGE 14 ---
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. 
Importance: High 
[I] 
EFTA01398365
--- PAGE 15 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, Decembe 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
Enid Ellis 
Subject: RE: New 
Importance: High 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives < 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
r 08, 2017 11:38 AM 
Surendra 
Collateral Admin-NY 
; ec
Sin l 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; 'FX Middle Office' <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
EFTA01398366
--- PAGE 16 ---
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
Subject: RE: New 
Srikanta, 
>; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
2017 2:01 PM 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <M
>; 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
Hiren Mathur 
> 
Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398367
--- PAGE 17 ---
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda ..z
> 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY cifi. 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
Enid Ellis 
>, Collateral Admin-NY 
, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
>, FX Middle Office <fx-
, Debra Jasper 
>, Roxanne Scott 
, Halina Laczny 
, Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
EFTA01398368
--- PAGE 18 ---
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO a>; 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Office 
Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
EFTA01398369
--- PAGE 19 ---
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY <a> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398370
--- PAGE 20 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <
=.; 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
: Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
>; Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office < 
• Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
-; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
EFTA01398371
--- PAGE 21 ---
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Keith Buckholz 
Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO a>; 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Office 
Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
EFTA01398372
--- PAGE 22 ---
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
a.; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
; FX Middle Office • 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
>; Roxanne Scott < 
-; Halina 
Laczny < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Hiren Mathur • 
; CRM-PWM 
EFTA01398373
--- PAGE 23 ---
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398374
--- PAGE 24 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
a.; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Halina 
Laczn < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
>; CRM-PWM 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral 
Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh <
>; Sendhil-
kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
>.; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
; FX Middle 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives • 
; Enid Ellis 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398375
--- PAGE 25 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
EFTA01398376
--- PAGE 26 ---
Mobile +91 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
X Singh 
>; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
; Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
; Surendra Singh 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
EFTA01398377
--- PAGE 27 ---
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile +91 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398378
--- PAGE 28 ---
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile +91 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
' <fx-
>; Surendra Singh 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Nitin-X 
EFTA01398379
--- PAGE 29 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@OlD16466.598F5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile +91 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398380
--- PAGE 30 ---
EFTA01398381

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398382.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398382.pdf
----------------------------------------
2019 
Counterparty Name 
Trade Description 
Revenue 
January Cityview Plaza, LLC 
January Cityview Plaza, LLC 
uwind 
01/0/3 
swap 
01/08/19 
Coverage 
Office Location TRADE ID 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Notional 
Malcolm 
01/10/19 
Malcolm 
02/09/24 
390000 
January 440 Wolfe Road LLC 
swap 
01/29/19 
03/31/19 
176200 
January 1149 Gower Street Hollywood LLC 
LA 
swap 
01/29/19 
22146800 
91950 
/1
January 918 Broadway Associates, LLC 
LA 
swap 
01/29
173000000 
148455 
January LR 9th & Broadway, LLC 
swap 
01/29/1 
/21 
69300 
March 
swap 
March 
Kimble 
NY 
55000000 
Kimble 
NY 
61000000 
Dan Gray 
LA 
42000000 
Dan Gray 
03/31/19 
Deirdre Judge 
/15/21 
Deirdre Judge 
LA 
93000000 
03/06/19 W 
Amir LLC 
Dan Gray 
LA 
9/30/23 
70500000
Marlin Road Partners, LLC 
Dominic 
swap 
20 19 
A pr
SNRP West 37 LLC
Mark Gonzalez 
swap 
04/10/19 
03/28/24 
344000 
April 
Henry Ritchotte 
uwind 
04/25/19 
04/15/21 
May 
Alfredo Juan Jochamowitz Stafford 
MIA 
swap 
05/03/19 
04/15/24 
10000000 
81000 
May 
175 West 85 Realty LLC 
swap 
05/13/19 
85000 
May 
Melrose Place No 56 LLC 
swap 
05/13/19 
120000 
May 
LA 
9500000 
May 
Doug Robertson 
335000 
Scalzi 
NY 
6000000 55000 
NY 
82500000 
NY 
5000000 2600 
Sergie Stiglich 
Joanne Jenson 
NY 
05/10/26 
10011023 
Dan Gray 
LA 
05/10/24 
40000000 
Onni Hudson Limited Partnership 
Anthony Scotti 
swap 
05/13/19 
/23 
10000 
swap 
05/16/1 
I
Ed
250000000 
Baccarat Shoreline, LLC 
Ed Lok LA 
1485000 
May 
NJNAM Asset Co., LLC ■ 
swap 
05/22/19 
125000 
May 
May 
June 
Brian Convey 
NY 
05/29/29 
10000000 
EFTA01398382
--- PAGE 2 ---
July 
August 
September 
September 
October 
October 
October 
November 
November 
November 
November 
November 
November 
November 
December 
Paid to 
YTD 2018 
# of Deals 
Revenue Total 
Notional 
Total 
COUNT(J$2:J$65536)=16.0 SUM(J:J)=3818505.0 
SUM(I3:I60)=9.70157823E8 
&"Calibri"&ll&K000000&"Calibri"&ll&K000000Warial unicode ms,Regular"For 
internal use only 
&1#&"Calibri"&10&K000000 For internal use only 
EFTA01398383
--- PAGE 3 ---
RPM 
2018 
Counterparty Name 
Coverage 
Trade Description 
Trade Date 
Revenue 
Iiiiiiiiiiiuthern Financial LLC 
3M1 5Yr10YR curve 
100000000 
4000 
iiiiiiiiiiruthern Financial LLC 
2yr swap 
12800000 
2500 
Februariiiiiiiiiiiuthern Financial LLC 
NY 
Unwind 3M1 
04/12/18 
100000000 
Februariiiiiiiiiiiruthern Financial 
NY 
Unwind 2yr 
12800000 
February 
O.P., L.L.C. 
Sean Jules 
CHI 
4.5y swap, rate bought down with 8mmm upfront payment 
02/27/18 
09/01/22 
175000000 
850000 
March 
Karlin Las Palmas 
Deirdre Judge 
LA 
unwind 17.5mm 4y swap with embedded 0% foor
t
03/14/18 
03/16/18 
17500000 
March 
Amir Weissfisch Shahin Ahdieh 
NY imp" 
5mm swap 
03/20/18 
12/01/28 
5000 
March 
MC2 Holdings LLC 
Freddy Menjivar MIA 
20mm lOy swap 
03/20/18 
03/28/28 
20000000 
175000 
'aleah Fee Commons, Ltd. 
Dominic Scalzi 
NY 
30mm 7y swap 
03/22/18 
04/01/25 
30000000 
April 
Ben Nevis 
Inigo Momene-Cardenal 
5yr Swap 
04/06/18 
.4113 
April 
Southern Financial LLC 
lOy xccy asset swap 
01/15/28 
1232550 18488.25 
May 
Wealth Properties Inc 
Ed Lok SF 
unwind 05/07/18 
05/09/18 
8000000 4000 
May 
Southern Financial LLC 
Terri Sohrab 
NY 
lOy xccy asset swap (XS1715303779) 
05/10/18 
05/14/18 
1232550 2000 
May 
Southern Financial LLC 
Terri Sohrab 
NY 
05/22/18 
Office Location TRADE ID 
Maturity Date 
Notional 
Terri Sohrab 
NY 
cap 
01/12/18 
04/12/18 
Terri Sohrab 
NY 
01/12/18 
01/16/20 
5Yr10YR curve cap 
LLC 1111111111111 
swap 01/12/18 
2y 10y2y Curve Cap 0.07% strike 
45000000 
6750 
May 
LA 
Crown Waterid e Associates, L.P. 
G332924M 
swap upsize (unwind) 
06/15/23 
May 
SF 
22712500 
245000 
June 
Florescue Family Corporation-
MIA 
unwind 06/01/18 
10000 
MIA 
10000000 
81400 
Terri Sohrab 
NY 
04/13/18 
Terri Sohrab 
01/12/18 
Terri Sohrab 
01/16/20 
lOy GBO 
Swap 
Deirdre Judge 
05/29/18 
230000000 
1000000 
• 
eet Mall Porperties LLC 
Dan Gray 
lOy swap 
05/31/19 
06/01/28 
Rachel Maglicic 
06/05/18 
5000000 
EFTA01398384
--- PAGE 4 ---
thern Financial LLC 
2y 10y2y Curve Cap 0.10% strike 
06/01/20 
45000000 
6750 
June 
Trumbull Equity LLC 
5yr Swap 
06/26/18 
27000000 
170000 
June 
Elysee of Brickell, LLC 
6y Swap 06/28/18 
10/18/24 
12000000 
Terri Sohrab 
NY 
06/01/18 
Malcolm Kimble 
NY 
09/15/23 
Rachel Maglicic MIA 
78000 
July 
Bellorfonte LLC 
5nc3y swap 
08/03/18 
Sven Otto Westphalen 
NY 
08/23/23 
19000000 
94000 
Au ust MC2 Holdings LLC 
Freddy Menjivar MIA 
12nc10 swap 
08/20/18 
08/28/30 
20000000 
92000 
September 
Souther 
Steward 
Oldfield
NY 
unwind 09/21/18
09/25/18 
45000000 
4500 
September 
Southern Financial 
Steward 
Oldfield 
NY 
unwind 09/21/18 
09/25/18 
45000000 
4500 
October The James P. Kellner 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
Brian Convey / Sal Moore 
NY 
10/12/18 
10/16/18 
30000000 
October The James P. Kellner 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
Brian Convey / Sal Moore 
NY 
10/12/18 
10/01/28 
40000000 
320000 
October William I. Koch Joe Cothron(AB) NY 
10/31/18 
05/01/20 
26500000 
15000 
November 
West 72 Realty LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
Unwind 
11/07/18 
11/09/18 
November 
125 Washington Place LLC 
Joanne 
Unwind 
11/07/18 
11/09/18 
November 
237 West 13 Realth LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
Unwind 
11/07/18 
11/09/18 
November 
198-202 Elizabeth Street LLC and 204-21-
LLC jointly and severally 
Joanne Jensen 
Unwind 
11/07/18 
11/09/18 
November 
198-202 Elizabeth Street LLC and 204-21- 
LLC jointly and severally 
Joanne Jensen 
MgIMO 
!!!!!!IIIIIIIII
swap 
12/10/25
450000 
November 
239-243-247 W. 21 Realty LLC 
1.439820278E7 
Unwind 
11/07/18 
Jensen NY 
November 
239-243-247 W. 21 Realty LLC 
Jensen NY 
swap 
11/07/18 
15740000 
150000 
December 
Convey NY 
'ce 2008 Revocable Trust 
swap 
12/03/18 
5000000 82000 
nwin 
swap 
Unwind 
NY 
6731621.33 
Jensen 
NY 
5503846.56 
NY 
3.864954103E7 
Elizabeth Street 
NY 
30732013 
Elizabeth Street 
NY 
46694495 
11/09/18 
12/10/25 
12/12/28 
Joanne 
Joanne 
Brian 
EFTA01398385
--- PAGE 5 ---
Paid to 
YTD 2018 
# of Deals 
Revenue Total 
Notional 
Total 
COUNT(J$2:J$65536)=35.0 SUM(J:3)=3980888.25 
SUM(I:I)=1.2712273196999998E9 
&"Calibri"&ll&K000000&"Calibri"&ll&K000000Warial unicode ms,Regular"For 
internal use only 
&1#&"Calibri"&10&K000000 For internal use only 
EFTA01398386
--- PAGE 6 ---
2017 
Counterparty Name 
Private Banker 
Office Location TRADE ID 
Trade Description 
Trade Date 
Maturity Date 
Notional 
Revenue 
• yview Plaza LLC 
Malcolm Kimble 
NY 
swap upsize 
01/10/17 
02/09/22 
5000000 
30000 
January JEC Associates 
Joseph Cothron (PCS) 
NY 
unwind 01/13/17 
il
IIIIIIII35°°°°° 
w 58TH Realty 
Joanne Jensen 
NY 
swap 
01/17/17 
12/10/21 
42000000 
175000 
January Arlene Nussdorf Joe Cothron (PCS) 
NY 
unwind 01/25/17 
01/27/17 
17850000 
15000 
January Stephen Nussdorf 
Joe Cothron (PCS) 
NY 
N1579761N 
unwind 01/25/17 
01/27/17 
4225000 5000 
January Glenn Nusdorf 
Joe Cothron (PCS) 
NY 
unwind 01/25/17 
01/27/17 
12275000 
9400 
February 
Karlin Las Palmas Subsidiary LLC 
Deirdre 
Judge 
LA 
swap 
02/06/17 
11/30/21 
17500000 
70000 
February 
Crown Wateridge 
Deirdre Judge 
LA 
swap 
02/06/17 
12/27/21 
125000000 
475000 
February 
Flo rescue Famil Corporation 
Rachel 
Maglicic 
Miami 
swap 
02/08/17 
02/08/47 
5000000 132000 
February 
Ben Nevis Partnershi' SP 
Inigo Momene-
Cardenal 
LatAm (Miami) 
swap 
02/10/17 
02/06/22 
3800000 37500 
March 
MURBAR LTD 
Joe Cothron (PCS) 
NY 
unwind 
03/10/17 
12/20/22 
3000000 5000 
March 
Unified Wealth Limited 
Xavier Santos 
NY 
unwind 03/13/17 
03/15/17 
10000000 
20000 
March 
James and Michele Kellner JTWROS 
John Marson 
(Cothron) 
NY 
swap 
03/23/17 
04/01/22 
3752000 30000 
March 
The James P. Kellner 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
John Marson (Cothron) 
NY 
swap 
03/27/17 
04/01/27 
30000000 
535000 
March 
Jesus Manuel Munoz Mar en Munoz JT TEN 
Stanislao 
Cataldo LatAm (Miami) 
cancellable swap 
03/28/17 
04/01/24 
9000000 85000 
April 
H&N Shahery Revocable Trust 
Dan Gray 
LA 
MUM 
swap 
04/07/17 
04/01/27 
10000000 
87500 
April 
Gasper Fiore and Joan Fiore 
Joe Cothron (PCS) 
ny 
unwind 04/11/17 
07/01/19 
6900000 0 
Ma 
Crown Wateridge 
Deirdre Judge 
LA 
F1384016M 
swap upsize (unwind) 
05/23/17 
06/15/22 
25000000 
100000 
EFTA01398387
--- PAGE 7 ---
June 
DTTCI as Trustee for Bryce Canyon Unit Trust 
Armando Estua 
Belaunzaran 
LatAm (NY) 
unwind 06/28/17 
06/30/17 
45000000 
5000 
July 
Svdnev Development Corp and Sanmon Inc. 
Partial unwund 
09/26/24 
10800000 
42000 
July 
Karlin Real Estate Eurooe 2, LLC 
Deirdre Judge 
LA 
06/23/22 
18000000 
13030 
July 
Karlin Real Estate Europe 2, LLC 
Judge 
LA 
24000000 
July 
Karlin 
Deirdre Judge 
07/19/22 
August Wilshire Margot LLC Sal= 
Lee Flutter 
LA 
12000000 
unwind 08/07/17 
03/15/23 
65000000 
Real Estate 
LA 
Deirdre Judge 
LA 
07/07/17 
fleetwood 
cap 
07/13/17 
1111111
1IIIII talke 
Deirdre 
cap 
06/23/22 
LLC aueens 
house 
cap 
07/13/17 
25000 
August Summit Cove 
Joe Cothron 
unwind 08/25/17 
05/27/19 
Au ust 140-154 w 72 realty 
blend extend 
4.134331284E7 
132000 
August IMDN Holdings LLC 
swap 
08/31/17 
Delancey LLC 
swap 
08/31/17 
220000 
Septembe 
Cothron 
05/24/22 
Septembe 
LA 
11300000 
October 
10/12/17 
October 
NY 
14270000 
November 
NY 
November 
unwind 
December 
Doerr 
70000000 
December 
Joe Coth 
01/20/24 
r 
(PCS) 
r 
Tempus 
(PCS) 
NY 
10000000 
10000 
Joanne Jensen 
NY 
08/28/17 
07/10/23 
Mark Gonzalez 
NY 
08/17/22 
83000000 
Mark Gonzalez 
NY 
08/17/22 
32835000 
The Williams Family Limited 
Joe 
NY 
unwind 09/06/17 
3000000.1
Sydney Development Corp and Sanmon Inc. Deirdre Judge 
unwind 09/15/17 
09/18/17 
46000 
Management AG as 
Dessy Arteaga 
10/16/17 
LLC 
unwind 
5000 
Dov J. Berkowitz 
unwind 
11/01/17 
Peter Pistor 
Deirdre Judge 
11/03/17 
11/07/17 
2000000 
Internet Resources Management 
NY 
swap 
12/01/17 
12/29/27 
530680 
The Stephanie A Williams Revocable Trust 
ron (PCS) 
NY 
unwind 
12/04/17 
4800000 10000 
10/18/17 
Trustee of the Balmoral Unit Trust 
NY 
I 
unwind 
Joe Cothron (PCS) 
10/20/17 
Joe Cothron (PCS) 
11/03/17 
3000000 0 
LA 
Wolfgang 
EFTA01398388
--- PAGE 8 ---
December 
Peter Multi Family Trust 
Joe Cothron 
(PCS) 
NY 
unwind 
12/12/17 
12/14/17 
10000000 
5000 
December 
December 
Private Bank 
Paid to 
YTD 2017 
# of Deals 
Revenue Total Notional 
Total 
COUNT(J$2:J$65536)=37.0 SUM(J:J)=3452170.0 
SUM(I:I)=8.1015031284E8 
&"Calibri"&ll&K000000&"Calibri"&ll&K000000Warial unicode ms,Regular"For 
internal use only 
&1#&"Calibri"&10&K000000 For internal use only 
EFTA01398389

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398390.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398390.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon ‹
> 
Date: Wed, 17 Jan 2018 11:01:56 -0500 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Hi Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Kindly just following up please. Can you please provide an update. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:55 PM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Please see attached and please proceed with setting up the dummy facility in 
LS2 so that the collateral can be linked to the DDR. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398390
--- PAGE 2 ---
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3960} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:36 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
EFTA01398391
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:55 AM 
To: Diana Canter 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Thanks, 
Please retrieve for these below accounts: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
These are different account numbers than were provided way below originally? 
Kind regards, 
EFTA01398392
--- PAGE 4 ---
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:33 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
The account numbers are below: 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398393
--- PAGE 5 ---
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello- please see below. 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
Can you provide the client's account number 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Paolo De-Leon 
EFTA01398394
--- PAGE 6 ---
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Teresa, 
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
EFTA01398395
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398396
--- PAGE 8 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail .7 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
EFTA01398397
--- PAGE 9 ---
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
EFTA01398398
--- PAGE 10 ---
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives 
Importance: High 
account. 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
[I] 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
EFTA01398399
--- PAGE 11 ---
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Enid Ellis 
Subject: RE: New 
Importance: High 
>; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork MS 
08, 2017 11:38 AM 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY <a> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <M
En; 
; 'FX Middle Office' <fx-
>; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
EFTA01398400
--- PAGE 12 ---
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
; 
Surendra 
Collateral Admin-NY 
; 
 Sin I 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 'h 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <
=.; 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper < 
>; Roxanne Scott 
>; Halina Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
>; CRM-PWM Derivatives < 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Enid Ellis 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
EFTA01398401
--- PAGE 13 ---
From: Srikanta Gouda ..z
> 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
>, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar 
Enid Ellis 
K 
, Debra Jasper 
, Halina Laczny 
, CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
, Collateral Admin-NY 
, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
, FX Middle Office <fx-
, Roxanne Scott 
Hiren Mathur 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
EFTA01398402
--- PAGE 14 ---
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; Halina Laczny 
Office 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY <
M=> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
EFTA01398403
--- PAGE 15 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY <a> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
EFTA01398404
--- PAGE 16 ---
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
>; 
; Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
-; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY <
=> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I C00 Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
EFTA01398405
--- PAGE 17 ---
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Singh < 
-; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY ‹
> 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <I
>; 
Sendhil-kumar K 
FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Office < 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
›; Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
>; Hiren Mathur 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
EFTA01398406
--- PAGE 18 ---
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
a; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott < 
-; Halina 
Laczny < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
EFTA01398407
--- PAGE 19 ---
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Jasper < 
Laczny < 
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
Sendhil-kumar 
; FX Middle Office 
>; Roxanne Scott < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Hiren Mathur 
>; Enid Ellis < 
K <sendhil-
; Debra 
; Halina 
; CRM-PWM 
EFTA01398408
--- PAGE 20 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Admin-NY 
kumar K 
Office 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
>; Surendra Singh 
Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh <
I>; Sendhil-
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
; Hiren Mathur 
; Enid Ellis 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
EFTA01398409
--- PAGE 21 ---
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
iiiiiill 
• Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
›; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Surendra Singh 
EFTA01398410
--- PAGE 22 ---
; Send hit - kuma r K ‹
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3980} 
EFTA01398411
--- PAGE 23 ---
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile + 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
EFTA01398412
--- PAGE 24 ---
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile + 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
>; Surendra Singh 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
> 
; Nitin-X 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
EFTA01398413
--- PAGE 25 ---
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@OlD16466.598F5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398414

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398415.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398415.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon a> 
Date: Wed, 10 Jan 2018 17:13:28 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Of course, sounds good and will do! 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Wednesday, Januar 10, 2018 5:11 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
> 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Paolo, 
Do you mind running with this tomorrow? We need to 
Metallo whether she (or her team) supplied the docs 
team in order to open the LS2 facility. If she did 
knows who can provide that information. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
check with Teresa 
required from the LS2 
not, then see if she 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
EFTA01398415
--- PAGE 2 ---
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398416
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail .7 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
EFTA01398417
--- PAGE 4 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
EFTA01398418
--- PAGE 5 ---
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, 
Tel. 
Email 
NY, USA 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives 
Importance: High 
account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 08, 2017 11:38 AM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY <
=> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <
=.; 
; 'FX Middle Office' <fx-
; 
; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
EFTA01398419
--- PAGE 6 ---
Enid Ellis 
Subject: RE: New 
Importance: High 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives <
>; 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
EFTA01398420
--- PAGE 7 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda < 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
ureidraSin
i 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Surendra
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitiri-XSi
, Collateral Admin-NY 
>, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
EFTA01398421
--- PAGE 8 ---
Sendhil-kumar K 
, FX Middle Office <fx-
>, Debra Jasper 
, Roxanne Scott 
, Halina Laczny 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
EFTA01398422
--- PAGE 9 ---
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY .:1
MMEMB> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <
=.; 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398423
--- PAGE 10 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar K 
>;
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <
=.; 
>; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Debra Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives • 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
20, 2017 1:09 PM 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper <
>; Roxanne Scott 
EFTA01398424
--- PAGE 11 ---
; Halina Laczny 
; FX Middle
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
, 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>.; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
EFTA01398425
--- PAGE 12 ---
To: Surendra Sin 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin' 
Sendhil-kumar K 
h 
; Debra Jasper 
>; Halina Laczny 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
EFTA01398426
--- PAGE 13 ---
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
x.singh@db.com>; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
kumar.k@db.com›; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper 
>; Roxanne Scott < 
; Halina 
Laczn 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives 
>; Enid Ellis < 
Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-assets.newyork@db.com> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
>; CRM-PWM 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
EFTA01398427
--- PAGE 14 ---
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Nitin-X Singh <nitin-
x.singh@db.com>; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K <sendhil-
kumar.k@db.com›; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper 
>; Roxanne Scott < 
; Halina 
Laczn 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives 
>; Enid Ellis < 
Collateral-Assets Newyork <collateral-assets.newyork@db.com> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
>; CRM-PWM 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
EFTA01398428
--- PAGE 15 ---
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Nitin-X Singh 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral 
Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh <a; 
Sendhil-
kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
-; FX Middle 
Office 
; Hiren Mathu 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
•c
" 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
r 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
EFTA01398429
--- PAGE 16 ---
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
X Sin 
>; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
> 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
; Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
; Surendra Singh 
EFTA01398430
--- PAGE 17 ---
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
EFTA01398431
--- PAGE 18 ---
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh • 
; Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile 
Email 
EFTA01398432
--- PAGE 19 ---
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Surendra Singh 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
; Nitin-X 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@01D16466.59BF5C10} 
EFTA01398433
--- PAGE 20 ---
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398434

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398435.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398435.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2018 09:31:38 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Yes, sounds good! Davide was pretty efficient with locating and retrieving 
the necessary docs, so this new process is looking quite promising so far. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:28 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon <M
> 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, now we can get this name cleared from the daily margin shortfall/-
call report. Thanks. 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:27 AM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Subject: Southern Financial LLC 
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding docs. 
EFTA01398435
--- PAGE 2 ---
Please note that there are two accounts for this client: 
and 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
EFTA01398436

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398437.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398437.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Diana Canter <
II> 
Date: Tue, 09 Jan 2018 16:15:49 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz
> 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail J 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo _metallic_46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Januar 09, 2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
EFTA01398437
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
EFTA01398438
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 'h 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Enid Ellis 
; Debra Jasper < 
; Halina Laczny 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
08, 2017 11:38 AM 
SurendraSin
t 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
;
Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
'FX Middle Office' <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398439
--- PAGE 4 ---
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; S
i
clraSir l
curen 
EFTA01398440
--- PAGE 5 ---
Cc: Nitin-X Sin .h 
Sendhil-kumar 
Enid Ellis 
; Debra Jasper < 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda ‹
> 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
, Debra Jasper 
, Halina Laczny 
, CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
, FX Middle Office <fx-
, Roxanne Scott 
Hiren Mathur 
EFTA01398441
--- PAGE 6 ---
Enid
 Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin oh 
2017 12:06 AM 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
EFTA01398442
--- PAGE 7 ---
Sendhil-kumar K 
Office 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Debra Jasper 
Haling Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398443
--- PAGE 8 ---
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <I
>; 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
>; Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
Office • 
>; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; Debra Jasper < 
; Halina Laczny 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
<I
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY <I
M> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <
=.; 
FX Middle Office <fx-
›; Roxanne Scott 
; FX Middle 
EFTA01398444
--- PAGE 9 ---
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Keith Buckholz 
Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
EFTA01398445
--- PAGE 10 ---
Sendhil-kumar K 
Office 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
EFTA01398446
--- PAGE 11 ---
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott < 
Laczn < 
FX Middle Office <fx-
; Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Nitin-X Singh 
; Sendhil-kumar K < 
; Debra 
; Halina 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
EFTA01398447
--- PAGE 12 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Jasper < 
Laczn 
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
FX Middle Office 
; Roxanne Scott < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Hiren Mathur 
Enid Ellis < 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
Debra 
Halina 
CRM-PWM 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398448
--- PAGE 13 ---
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Surendra Sin h 
; Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral 
Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Surendra Singh <
>; Sendhil-
kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
-; Enid Ellis 
<E
,t• 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
EFTA01398449
--- PAGE 14 ---
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
ny@db.com>; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
EFTA01398450
--- PAGE 15 ---
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39801 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
EFTA01398451
--- PAGE 16 ---
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
Nitin 
X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY <collateral.admin-
ny@db.com> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
EFTA01398452
--- PAGE 17 ---
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; 
Surendra Singh 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Abhi'it Mukherjee 
<fx-
; Nitin-X 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N4G025403 
N4G026161 
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@01D16466.59BF5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
EFTA01398453
--- PAGE 18 ---
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya- 3382671 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398454

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398455.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398455.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Credit Approval Request Created. Credit Request ID:CRE-75489 
Legal Name: Southern Financial, LLC [I] 
From: Jissel Cortes <a 
Date: Mon, 02 Apr 2018 13:20:30 -0400 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Jason Wang 
Paolo De-Leon 
Classification: For internal use only 
Please see below... 
Kind regards, 
Jissel Cortes 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Jissel Cortes 
Deutsche 
Business 
345 Park 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
Bank Trust Company Americas 
Risk Management 
Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 02, 2018 12:04 PM 
To: Jissel Cortes <la> 
Subject: Credit Approval Request Created. Credit Request ID:CRE-75489 Legal 
Name: Southern Financial, LLC 
*** PLEASE DO NOT REPLY TO THIS 
EMAIL*** 
Dear 
An account request with the following details requires your attention to 
determine whether you are prepared to consider this name for credit: 
EFTA01398455
--- PAGE 2 ---
Credit Request ID - 
Onboarding Request ID -
Request Type -
Contracting Party Name -
Paragon Org ID -
Requested By Name -
Request Date -
Request Status -
Request Comments -
Sales Region - 
Business Relationship Name - 
Southern Financial, LLC_Markets_NSP 
Client Role - 
Principal 
Underlying Principal Name - 
Adoption Entity Name - 
DB AG (London) 
Product Name - 
GED 
Global Credit Derivatives 
Business Sponsor (Sales Person) - 
John Kennedy 
CRE-75489 
ONB-1135648 
Extension BR 
Southern Financial, LLC 
8159274 
AmberDavis 
4/2/18 3:24 PM 
New 
missing a required product 
UK 
Martin Zeman 
EFTA01398456
--- PAGE 3 ---
Business Approver (Managing Director) - 
Joe Aglione 
Xavier Avila 
Follow the following link to see full request details: http://-
dbcar.gto.intranet.db.com 
Please do not hesitate to contact me should you have any further questions 
regarding this matter. 
Thanks and Regards, 
Amber Davis 
********************** CAUTION - Disclaimer ********************* 
This e-mail contains PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION intended solely 
for the use of the addressee(s). If you are not the intended recipient, 
please notify the sender by e-mail and delete the original message. Further, 
you are not to copy, disclose, or distribute this e-mail or its contents to 
any other person and any such actions are unlawful and strictly Forbidden 
***Deutsche Bank ******** End of Disclaimer ********Deutsche Bank *** 
EFTA01398457

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398458.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398458.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01398458
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01398459
--- PAGE 3 ---
EFTA01398460
--- PAGE 4 ---
EFTA01398461
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01398462
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01398463
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01398464
--- PAGE 8 ---
EFTA01398465
--- PAGE 9 ---
EFTA01398466
--- PAGE 10 ---
EFTA01398467
--- PAGE 11 ---
SECURITIES ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREEMENT 
This agreement, dated October 28, 2013 (this "Agreement") 
agreement 
between DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. (the "Intermediary") 
FINANCIAL, LLC (the "Debtor") and DEUTSCHE BANK AG or any 
referred to 
in Section 9 (the "Secured Party"). All references herein 
mean the Uniform 
Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York. 
Section 1. 
Establishment of Securities Account. The Intermediary hereby confirms 
that: 
Account Number and Name. The Intermediary has established account 
number(s) N4G025080 (hereinafter referred to as the "primary account") and 
N4G025403, 
N4G026161 (hereinafter referred to as the "secondary account") and the 
account(s) is/are 
maintained in the name of the Debtor (hereinafter, collectively the 
"Securities Account"). 
1 
1.2 Status as a Securities Account. The Securities Account is a "securities 
account" as such term is defined in Section 8-SO1(a) of the UCC. 
Section 2. 
Maintenance of Securities Account. 
Clearance and Settlement. Debtor and Secured Party understand and 
agree that any clearing and settlement firm used by Intermediary in 
administering the Securities 
Account is not authorized to accept, and Debtor and Secured Party agree not 
to attempt to give, 
instructions to such firm. The Securities Account shall include any sub-
accoimts as may be 
established for its proper administration and maintenance. 
1 
2.2 Primary and Secondary Accounts. 
2.2.1 Prior to or contemporaneous with the execution of this Agreement, 
Secured Party shall identify to Intermediary by delivery of a collateral 
lien instruction or similar 
form of Secured Party direction or order (hereinafter referred to as the 
"Instruction Order") the 
financial assets in the primary account that it wants transferred to the 
secondary account. Subject 
to the provisions of this Agreement, the primary account will be used for 
trading and margin 
activities and the secondary account will be used solely to hold financial 
assets as collateral for 
the Secured Party provided that, in the sole discretion of Secured Party, 
Secured Party may 
sets forth the 
, SOUTHERN 
of its affiliates 
to the "UCC" shall 
EFTA01398468
--- PAGE 12 ---
approve the trading of financial assets held in the secondary account and 
may move such assets 
to the primary account for the settlement of trades by delivery of an 
Instruction Order. Delivery 
of an Instruction Order shall have the same effect as, and shall be upon the 
same conditions set 
forth for a delivery of, an Entitlement Order as defined and provided in 
Section 2.3. 
2.2.2 The Debtor understands and agrees that each of Intermediary and 
Secured Party has a lien on the entire Securities Account. Except as 
provided in Section 2.2.3, 
Intermediary has a first lien on the primary account. Secured Party has a 
first lien on the 
secondary account. In addition to the rights of Secured Party imder Section 
2.2.1, Secured Party 
may also deliver an Instruction Order to transfer financial assets fi'om the 
primary account to the 
48I053v3 072452.0101 
secondary account in order to increase its collateral in the secondary 
account; however, 
Intermediary shall only be obligated to honor such Instruction Order if the 
conditions set forth in 
Section 2.6 are satisfied. The Debtor agrees that no additional liens shall 
be permitted without 
the prior written consent of the Secured Party. 
2.2.3 If in its sole discretion Secured Party approves the transfer of 
assets from the secondary account to the primary account for the settlement 
of trades, 
Intermediary's lien on the financial assets, or any replacement proceeds, 
while they are held in 
the primary account shall be subordinate to that of Secured Party pending 
return to the secondary 
account. 
Entitlement Orders Given by the Secured Party. If at any time the 
Intermediary shall receive an entitlement order (as such term is defined in 
the UCC) in 
substantially the form set forth as Exhibit A fix)m the Secured Party 
directing transfer or 
redemption of any financial asset credited to the Securities Account or any 
free credit balances 
with respect to such Securities Account (hereinafter an "Entitlement 
Order"), the Intermediary 
shall comply with such Entitlement Order without further consent by the 
Debtor or any other 
person. 
2.3 
2.4 Debtor's Rights to Instruct the Intermediary Prior to Delivery of a 
Notice 
of Sole Control. 
2.4.1 Primary Account. Until such time as the Intermediary receives a 
Notice of Sole Control (as defined in Section 2.5) pursuant to Section 2.5 
EFTA01398469
--- PAGE 13 ---
below, the 
Intermediary shall honor all instructions and orders fi:om the Debtor with 
respect to the financial 
assets held in the primary account including but not limited to (i) 
instructions and orders fi*om the 
Debtor with respect to the exercise of voting rights, (ii) orders from the 
Debtor to redeem or 
transfer the financial assets, (iii) orders fix>m the Debtor with respect to 
the selection of 
investments. 
The Intermediary will not honor any 
instructions from the Debtor with respect to (i) orders fit>m the Debtor to 
redeem or transfer 
finanr.lfll assets in the secondary accoimt or (ii) orders from the Debtor 
to trade financial assets in 
the secondary account. However, Intermediary will honor instructions fix)m 
the Debtor with 
respect to the exercise of voting rights until Intermediary has received a 
written notice fi'om 
Secured Party that Debtor shall no longer be entitled to exercise such 
voting rights. 
2.4.3 Entitlement Order. In the event that the Intermediary receives an 
Entitlement Order fit>m the Secured Party that is inconsistent with any 
order and/or instructions 
received fi'om the Debtor, the Intermediary shall honor the Entitlement 
Order of the Secured 
Party. 
2.4.2 Secondary Account. 
2.5 Notice of Sole Control. Without limiting the provisions of Section 2.4.2, 
if at any time the Intermediary shall receive from the Secured Party a 
Notice of Sole Control in 
substantially the form set forth in Exhibit B hereto, the Intermediary 
agrees that after receipt of 
such notice, it will take all orders and instructions (including but not 
limited to instructions 
and/or orders with respect to voting, selection of investments, redemption 
and transfer) with 
481053V3 
respect to the Securities Account (or, if applicable, the specific security 
entitlements so identified 
in such notice) solely fix>m the Secured Party and thereafter shall not 
honor any orders or 
instructions of the Debtor with respect to the Securities Account (or, if 
applicable, the specific 
security entitlements so identified in such notice). In the event Aat a 
Notice of Sole Control 
identifies only particular security entitlements, and not all security 
entitlements, with respect to 
the Securities Account, the Seemed Party may thereafter send one or more 
additional Notices of 
EFTA01398470
--- PAGE 14 ---
Sole Control identifying additional securities entitlements. 
Condition to Compliance. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
Sections 2.2.2, 2.3, 2.4 and 2.5, Intermediary is not required to comply 
with an Instruction Order 
given under Section 2.2.2 or with an Entitlement Order or Notice of Sole 
Control given with 
respect to the primary account if honoring either the order or notice would 
cause the value or 
composition of the financial assets in the primary account to be out of 
compliance with the 
Intermediary's customary collateral maintenance requirements. In determining 
whether such 
non compliance has occurred. Intermediary shall consider its exposure from 
Debtor's obligations 
for principal and interest on margin loans, margin-related debits, unpaid 
debits and options 
requirements. The foregoing is solely for the benefit of Intermediary and 
not that of Debtor. 
2.7 Intermediary's Duties With Respect to Agreements between the Debtor 
and the Secured Party. The Intermediary shall have no duty or obligation 
whatsoever of any 
kind or character to determine whether or not an event of default exists 
imder any agreement 
between the Debtor and the Secured Party. The Intermediary shall honor 
Entitlement Orders 
and/or a Notice of Sole Control irrespective of any knowledge of the 
Intermediary whether or not 
an event of default shall exist or the Secured Party shall have any 
agreement with the Debtor 
limiting or conditioning its right to give such Entitlement Orders or Notice 
of Sole Control. The 
Intermediary shall have no duty to investigate the circumstances under which 
the Secured Party 
is entitled to give any Entitlement Orders or Notice of Sole Control. 
2.8 ''Financial Assets" Election. The Intermediary hereby agrees that each 
item of property, including cash, credited to the Securities Account on or 
after the date of the 
Agreement shall be treated as a "financial asset" within the meaning of 
Section 8-102(a)(9) of the 
UCC. 
6 
2,9 Statements. The Intermediary will send copies of all monthly statements 
concerning the Securities Account and/or any financial assets credited 
thereto simultaneoxjsly to 
both the Debtor and the Secured Party. Such statements shall be sent to the 
Debtor and the 
Secured Party at the address for each set forth in this Agreement. 
2.10 Tax Reporting. All items of income, gain, expense and loss recognized in 
the Securities Account shall be reported to the Internal Revenue Service and 
all state and local 
taxing authorities under the name and taxpayer identification number of the 
EFTA01398471
--- PAGE 15 ---
Debtor. 
Section 3. Intermediary's Liens and Rights of Set-Off. In addition to the 
relative 
priority of the security interests of the Intermediary and Secured Party in 
the primary and 
secondary accounts, the Intermediary shall also have a security interest 
prior to that of Secured 
Party in the secondary account as and to the extent necessary to secure 
Intermediary for the 
payment of any usual and customary commissions or fees owing to the 
Intermediary with respect 
48I053V3 
to the Securities Account. The Intermediary shall have rights of set-off 
with respect to the 
Securities Account, however, the Intermediary shall not exercise any such 
right of set-off unless 
and until the Intermediary notifies the Secured Party. 
Section 4. 
Choice of Law. 
Choice of Law. Both this Agreement and the Securities Account shall be 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New 
York, without 
regard to its conflict of laws principles. Regardless of any provision in 
any other agreement, for 
purposes of the UCC, New York shall be deemed to be the Intermediary's 
jurisdiction and the 
Securities Account (as well as the security entitlements with respect to any 
financial assets 
credited thereto) shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 
Submission to Jurisdiction; Jury Waiver. EACH OF DEBTOR, 
INTERMEDIARY AND SECURED PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO 
THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT TO A 
JURY TRIAL IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING 
TO THIS AGREEMENT. In any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to 
this 
Agreement, the parties hereto hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the 
courts of the State of New York and the federal courts in New York City, and 
agree that effective 
service of process may be made by hand delivery or courier delivery as 
provided in Section 10 
below on Notices. The Secured Party may serve process in any other manner 
permitted by 
^plicable law. Debtor hereby irrevocably waives any objection Debtor may now 
or hereafter 
have to the laying of venue in the aforesaid courts, and any claim that any 
of the aforesaid courts 
is an inconvenient forum. To the extent that Debtor or Debtor's property may 
have or hereafter 
acquire immunity, on the groimds of sovereignty or otherwise, from any 
EFTA01398472
--- PAGE 16 ---
judicial process in 
connection with this Agreement, Debtor hereby irrevocably waives, to the 
fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, any such immunity and agrees not to claim same. 
Debtor agrees 
that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive, 
and may be enforced 
in any other jurisdiction by suit on the judgment or in any other permitted 
manner. Debtor further 
agrees that any action or proceeding by Debtor against Secured Party or the 
Intermediary in 
respect to any matters arising out of, or in any way relating to, this 
Agreement or the obligations 
of Debtor hereunder shall be brought only in the State and County of New 
York. 
4.1 
4.2 
Section 5. Conflict with Other Agreements. 
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement (or any portion 
thereof) and any other agreement now existing or hereafter entered into, the 
terms of this 
Agreement shall prevail. 
5.1 
No amendment or modification of this Agreement or waiver of any right 
hereunder shall be binding on any party hereto unless it is in writing and 
is signed by all of the 
parties hereto. 
5.2 
5.3 The Intermediary has not entered into, and until the termination of this 
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with any other person relating 
to the Securities 
4810S3V3 
Account and/or any financial assets credited thereto pursuant to which it 
has agreed to comply 
with entitlement orders (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) of 
such other person. 
5.4 The Intermediary has not entered into, and until the termination of this 
Agreement will not enter into, any agreement with the Debtor or the Secured 
Party purporting to 
limit or condition the obligation of the Intermediary to comply with 
Entitlement Orders as set 
forth in Section 2.3 hereof. 
Section 6. Representations. Warranties and Covenants of The Intermediary. 
The Intermediary hereby makes the following representations, warranties and 
covenants: 
6.1 Enforceable Agreement. This Agreement is the valid and legally binding 
obligation of the Intermediary and the Intermediary shall not change the 
name or account number 
of the Securities Account without the prior written consent of the Secured 
Party; 
EFTA01398473
--- PAGE 17 ---
6.2 Adverse Claims. Except for the claims and interest of the Secured Party, 
the Intermediary and the Debtor in the Securities Account, the Intermediary 
does not know of 
any claim to, or interest in, the Securities Account or in any financial 
asset credited thereto. If 
any person asserts any lien, encumbrance or adverse claim (including any 
writ, garnishment, 
judgment, warrant of attachment, execution or similar process) against the 
Securities Accoimt or 
in any financial asset credited thereto, the Intermediary will promptly 
notify the Secured Party 
and Debtor thereof. 
Section 7. Indemnification of Securities Intermediary. Debtor and Secured 
Party 
hereby agree that (a) the Intermediary is released fi"om any and all 
liabilities to the Debtor and 
the Secured Party arising from the terms of this Agreement and the 
compliance of the 
Intermediary with the terms hereof, except to the extent that such 
liabilities arise from the 
Intermediary's gross negligence or willful misconduct (provided that 
Intermediary shall in no 
event be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages), and 
(b) the Debtor, its 
successors and assigns shall at all times indemnify and save harmless the 
Intermediary and its 
affiliates and agents fix>41 and against any and all claims, actions and 
suits of others arising out of 
the terms of this Agreement or the compliance of the Intermediary with the 
terms hereof, except 
to the extent that such arises from the gross negligence and willful 
misconduct of the 
Intermediary, its affiliates or its agents, and from and against any and all 
liabilities, losses, 
damages, costs, charges, counsel fees and other expenses of every nature and 
character arising by 
reason of the same (including any fees or charges with respect to the 
Securities Account), until 
the termination of this Agreement. 
Section 8. Assignments Prohibited. Each party hereto agrees that it shall 
not assign 
its rights hereunder and any purported or attempted assignment of rights 
hereunder shall be null 
and void and of no effect except the Secured Party may assign its interests 
hereunder to any 
affiliate of Secured Party. If Secured Party assigns its interests to an 
affiliate, it must give Debtor 
and Intermediary ten business day's advance notice in writing. 
Section 9. Successors. Subject to the provisions of Section 8 with respect to 
volimtary assignment of its rights, the terms of this Agreement shall be 
binding upon, and shall 
EFTA01398474
--- PAGE 18 ---
inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective corporate 
successors or heirs and 
4810S3v3 
personal representatives who obtain such rights solely by operation of law. 
The rights, benefits 
and protections of Secured Party under this Agreement shall also inure to 
the benefit of any 
affiliate of Secured Party (other than Intermediary) which has been granted 
a security interest in 
the Securities Accoimt pursuant to separate documentation executed for the 
benefit of both the 
Secured Party and such affiliate. 
Section 10. Notices. Any notice, request or other communication required or 
permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and deemed to 
have been properly 
given when delivered in person or when sent by facsimile and electronic 
confirmation of error 
fi*ee receipt is received or two business days after being delivered to a 
reputable overnight 
delivery service for next day delivery, addressed to the party at the 
address set forth below. 
Debtor; 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 
St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands 00802 
Name: 
Address: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
A 
Secured Party: 
Name: 
Address: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
Attention: 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
345 PARK AVE,26'*' Fir. NY, NY 10154 
212^54-3254 
Gedeon Pinedo 
Intermediary: 
Name: 
Address: 
Telephone: 
Facsimile: 
EFTA01398475
--- PAGE 19 ---
Attention: 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES, INC. 
345 PARK AVE,14"' Fir., NY, NY 10154 
Nicholas Haigh, Managing Director 
Any party may change its address for notices in the manner set forth above. 
Section 11. Termination. 
11.1 Termination of this Agreement. The obligations of the Intermediary to 
the 
Secured Party pursuant to this Agreement shall continue in effiect until the 
Secured Party has 
notified the hitermediary of such termination in writing in substantially 
the form of Exhibit C 
hereto. The termination of this Agreement shall not terminate the Securities 
Account or alter the 
obligations of the Intermediary to the Debtor pursuant to any other 
agreement with respect to the 
Securities Account. 
11.2 Termination of Account. The Intermediary may, upon 30 days written 
notice to Debtor and Secured Party, resign as Intermediary hereunder and 
transfer all financial 
4810S3V3 
assets to another institution. The Secured Party shall have the right to 
identify the institution and 
the account to which financial assets shall be transferred by sending an 
Entitlement Order to the 
Intermediary at any time prior to the expiration of the thirtieth (30*) day 
after written notice 
from the Intermediary is sent to the Secured Party. If the Intermediary has 
not prior to the 
expiration of the 30* day received an Entitlement Order from the Secured 
Party directing 
transfer, the Intermediary may honor an Entitlement Order fix)m the Debtor. 
If neither the 
Secured Party nor the Debtor has delivered a suitable Entitlement Order with 
respect to the 
transfer of the financial assets credited to the Securities Account, the 
Intermediary may, at its 
option, deposit the assets with a court of competent jurisdiction or 
establish a successor account 
at another institution. Any such successor account established by the 
Intermediary at another 
institution shall be maintained in the same name as the Securities Account; 
but other than the 
name in \^ch the account is maintained, the Intermediary shall have no 
obligation to establish 
an account with the same or even similar terms as the Securities Account. 
4810S3v3 
EFTA01398476
--- PAGE 20 ---
Section 12. Counterparts, This Agreement may be executed in any number of 
coimterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and 
any party hereto may 
execute this Agreement by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. 
SOUTHE 
Debtor / 
:al,llc 
By: 
Name:Ultf"-f 
Tide: 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
SCHNANKAG 
DEUT 
By: 
Name: 
Titlei"irector 
:;ynthia Ci:'};-no 
By: 
KATHLEEN YOHE 
DIRECTOR 
Ni 
Tide: 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC. 
By: 
1"aui h. Salvas 
Vice President 
Name: 
Tide: 
Name: 
Title: 
By: 
Thomas Hoddinott 
Director 
4810S3V3 
Exhibit A 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: Entitlement 
Account No. 
Order 
(the "Securities Account") 
for 
Securities 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
^ 20 
(the "Agreement"), among 
EFTA01398477
--- PAGE 21 ---
(the "Debtor"), you and the undersigned (a copy of which is attached), 
pursuant to Section 2 of the Agreement, we hereby give you the following 
entitlement order with 
respect to account number: 
As referenced in the Agreement, dated 
Order to Redeem 
You are hereby ordered to redeem the following financial assets: 
Any proceeds received on redemption should be credited to the 
Securities Account. 
Order to Transfer 
U 
You are hereby ordered to transfer the following financial assets from the 
Securities Account: 
Such financial assets should be transferred by you to 
credit to Account No. 
for 
maintained in the name 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
cc: 
481053v3 072452.0101 
Exhibit B 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
of 
Control 
Re: Notice 
Sole 
for Securities Account No. 
Ladies and Gentlemen: 
(the "Agreement"), among 
As referenced in the Agreement, dated 
(the "Debtor"), you and the undersigned (a copy of which is attached) we 
hereby give you notice of our sole control over the following securities 
entitlements with respect 
to securities account number 
^ 20 
(the "Securities Account"): 
All security entitlements with respect to all financial assets now or 
hereafter 
credited to the Securities Account. 
U 
Select 
One 
The security entitlements with respect to the following financial assets 
credited to 
EFTA01398478
--- PAGE 22 ---
the Securities Account: 
You are hereby instructed not to accept any direction, instructions or 
entitlement orders with 
respect to the security entitlements described above fiom any person other 
than the undersigned, 
unless otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile 
transmission to the 
Debtor. 
Very truly yours, 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By: 
Name: 
Title: 
cc: 
481053V3 072452.0101 
Exhibit C 
[Letterhead of Secured Party] 
[Date] 
[NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE INTERMEDIARY] 
Re: Terminatioa of Agreement 
You are hereby notified that the Agreement, dated 
"Agreement"), among you, 
attached) is terminated and you have no further obligations to the 
imdersigned pursuant to such 
Agreement. Notwithstanding any previous instructions to you, you are hereby 
instructed to 
accept all future directions with respect to Securities Account number 
Debtor. This notice terminates any obligations you may have to the 
undersigned with respect to 
such account; however, nothing contained in this notice shall alter any 
obligations vdiich you 
may otherwise owe to the Debtor pursuant to any other agreement. 
You are instructed to deliver a copy of this notice by facsimile 
transmission to [insert 
name of Debtor]. 
, 20_ (the 
(the "Debtor") and the undersigned (a copy of which is 
fiom the 
Very truly yours 
[NAME OF SECURED PARTY] 
By; 
Name: 
cc: 
481053v3 072452.0101 
EFTA01398479

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398480.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398480.pdf
----------------------------------------
KYC Print 
Page 1 of 22 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: PART A 
KYC Case # : 01790655 
One sheet must be established per relationship - list all accounts included 
in the relationship 
1. Relationship Details 
Relationship Name: 
Relationship Manager: 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY RELATIONSHIP:00000483290 
Stewart Oldfield 
New PWM Relationship 
Alt Existing PWM Relationship 
If existing, please indicate since when the relationship exists, provide 
reason for new profile and attach old 
profile: ***This KYC is a periodic review for high risk remediation*** 
Relationship to PWM: 
Original KYC1195100 
ONLY adding signers to account. All signers have already been approved in 
previous KYC's. Please rush as 
this is a simple update. 
Darren Indyke was approved in KYC 01133377 
Harry Beller was added in approved KYC 01141308 
All Client Referral 
How Was the Client(s) 
Introduced? How long 
has the RM personally 
known the client? 
Does Deutsche Bank pay 
a retrocession or similar 
compensation to a third 
party for the introduction 
of this relationship? 
RM Prospect 
Intermediary/FIM 
Other Source (CIB, etc.) 
Please provide details (e.g. name of referral source, how many years RM 
personally has known client, 
etc.): Jeffrey Epstein reached out to Stew Oldfield on 3/7/17 to have a new 
acct opened under Zorro 
Management LLC and add two new signors to this new acct only. 
Yes 
(If Yes, describe): 
List all existing and new accounts involved in this relationship 
Legal Entity 
Account(s) 
11 
11 
11 
11 
Account Name / Number 
EFTA01398480
--- PAGE 2 ---
Southern Financial, LLC Deposit-42952771 
Southern Trust Company, Inc- Deposit.-42952763 
Jeffrey Epstein - Deposit-35269691 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Brokerage-N4G024950 
Who is the primary 
contact person for the 
RM? (Note: This person 
needs to have signatory 
rights and/or information 
right for the accounts.): 
Opening Date (intended/actual) 
9/5/2013 
8/27/2013 
3/8/2016 
9/30/2013 
it No 
Booking Center: 
New York 
Status : 6. Approved 
Darren Indyke 
Preferred method of 
contact(indicate phone 
no., fax no., e-mail 
address, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398481
--- PAGE 3 ---
KYC Print 
Page 2 of 22 
One sheet must be established for each account to be opened 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Account Manager: 
Southern Financial, LLC Deposit 
stewart oldfield 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory 
account, custody services, long-term investment, 
payment/expense account)? The purpose of this account is to manage the daily 
expenses of the company 
Indicate from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
it DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 42952771; 
77000957 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution — (Indicate name & location): 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for 
the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: Roughly 2 inflows & outflows per month ranging from $1000 to 
$10,000. 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
46,600 and 11479051.88 
47,000 and 11679051.88 
Currency 
Currency 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to 
this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the 
account in the "Other" column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s). 
Legal 
Entity 
Description 
of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
11 gq 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
EFTA01398482
--- PAGE 4 ---
Southern 
Financial LLC 
g4 
Southern Trust is 
44 gl 
Southern Trust 
Company, Inc. 
100 
the sole member 
of Southern 
Financial and 
Jeffrey Epstein is 
the sole 
shareholder of 
Southern Trust; 
Darren Indyke 
Harry Beller 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
iiih 
iiifi 
iiifi 
44 
Account 
Holder 
PIC 
Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owner 
Signatory 
or Full 
POA 
Limited 
POA 
Financial 
Intermediary 
(FIM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=2596) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(indicate 
EFTA01398483
--- PAGE 5 ---
ownership 
%) 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
indicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
Sole shareholder 
of Southern 
Trust; 
USD 
USD 
Acct. Number (if 
available): 
42952771 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398484
--- PAGE 6 ---
KYC Print 
Page 3 of 22 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Account Manager: 
Southern Trust Company, Inc- Deposit. 
Stewart Oldfield 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory 
account, custody services, long-term investment, 
payment/expense account)? The purpose of this account is to manage the daily 
expenses of the company 
Indicate from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
All DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 42952763; 
77000965 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution — (Indicate name & location): 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for 
the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: Roughly 10 inflows and 10 outflows per month ranging from $1,000 to 
$10,000 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
32060.99 and 18028364.27 
33000 and 18280364.27 
Currency 
Currency 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to 
this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the 
account in the "Other" column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s). 
Legal 
Entity 
Description 
of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
4l iM 
EFTA01398485
--- PAGE 7 ---
Southern Trust 
Company, Inc. 
Darren Indyke 
Harry Beller 
Jean Anne 
Brennan 
Wiebracht 
fl Alt 
Account 
Holder 
PIC 
Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owner 
Signatory 
or Full 
POA 
Limited 
POA 
Financial 
Intermediary 
(FIM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=25%) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(indicate 
ownership 
%) 
100 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
indicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
Sole shareholder 
of Southern 
Trust;Jeffrey 
Epstein is the sole 
shareholder of 
Southern Trust; 
gl 
EFTA01398486
--- PAGE 8 ---
USD 
USD 
Acct. Number (if 
available): 
42952763 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398487
--- PAGE 9 ---
KYC Print 
Page 4 of 22 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Account Manager: 
Jeffrey Epstein - Deposit 
Stewart Oldfield 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory 
account, custody services, long-term investment, 
payment/expense account)? Deposit accounts for Jeffrey Epstein's personal 
daily use. 
Indicate from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
gq DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): 35269691 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution — (Indicate name & location): 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for 
the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: Roughly 15 inflows and outflows per month ranging from $100-$10,000. 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
3478441.80 
2980000 
Currency 
Currency 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to 
this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the 
account in the "Other" column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s). 
Legal 
Entity 
Description 
of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
Jeffrey E. Epstein Afft 
Harry Beller 
Darren Indyke 
EFTA01398488
--- PAGE 10 ---
Account 
Holder 
PIC 
Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owner 
Signatory 
or Full 
POA 
Limited 
POA 
Financial 
Intermediary 
(FIM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=25%) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(indicate 
ownership 
%) 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
indicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
USD 
USD 
Acct. Number (if 
available): 
35269691 
2. Account Ownership Summary 
Account Name: 
Account Manager: 
3. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Brokerage 
stewart oldfield 
Acct. Number (if 
available): 
N4G024950 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
EFTA01398489
--- PAGE 11 ---
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398490
--- PAGE 12 ---
KYC Print 
Page 5 of 22 
What is the purpose of the account (e.g. portfolio management, advisory 
account, custody services, long-term investment, 
payment/expense account)? the purpose of this account is to manage the 
foundation's securities and trade investments. 
Indicate from where the assets are expected to arrive? 
im DB Group: Same Booking Center (indicate account number): N4G024950 
DB Group: Other Booking Center (indicate DB location and account details): 
Other Institution — (Indicate name & location): 
Physical Deposits (specify cash, securities, cheques, ...): 
What is the expected size and frequency of regular inflows and outflows for 
the account (indicate estimated number and volume per 
month)?: 0-10 inflows/outflows of security sales and purchases on a monthly 
basis between 10k and 150k. 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. 90 days after opening? 
What is the expected volume of assets and currency for the 
account approx. one year after opening? 
640138 
680000 
Currency 
Currency 
Please list all parties related to the account. 
For each party: 
• Check if a source of wealth description is required for the party. 
• Check the appropriate box to describe the relationship of the party to 
this account (> 1 can be selected). 
• If none of the check boxes apply, describe the party's relation to the 
account in the "Other" column. 
• Always describe the relationship between the parties in the last column. 
• Please drill down to the ultimate/underlying Beneficial Owner(s). 
Legal 
Entity 
Description 
of Source 
of Wealth 
required 
Parties related to 
this account 
J. Epstein Virgin 
gl g4 
Tml 
Islands 
Foundation, Inc 
Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Erika Kellerhals 
Darren Indyke 
EFTA01398491
--- PAGE 13 ---
Flit 
Account 
Holder 
PIC 
Owner 
Settlor of 
Trust / 
Founder of 
Foundation 
Ultimate 
Beneficial 
Owner 
Signatory 
or Full 
POA 
Limited 
POA 
Financial 
Intermediary 
(FIM) 
Significant 
Shareholder 
(>=25%) 
Non-PIC 
entity 
(indicate 
ownership 
%) 
Other (please 
describe other 
roles and/or 
indicate 
relationship 
between parties) 
usd 
usd 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398492
--- PAGE 14 ---
KYC Print 
Page 6 of 22 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. 
Account Ownership Summary 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Country of Residence: 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Profession/Occupation: 
Current Employer: 
Address of employer: 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of 
the DB 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client 
referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(if Yes,describe ) 
Yes JJI No 
Family 
Friendship *RI None 
Yes glit No 
Harry Beller - 00000487202 
USA 
Accountant 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Position/Title/Rank: 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Citizenship: 
USA 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Paul Morris 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Office: 
iiih 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: 
Other Location (specify): Date: 
10/21/2013 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the 
EFTA01398493
--- PAGE 15 ---
same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 
Other: 
Salary/Earnings 
Investment 
Inheritance/Gifts 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of 
the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business 
owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, 
important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
(5): 
Estimated Net Worth($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398494
--- PAGE 16 ---
KYC Print 
Page 7 of 22 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, 
other family members, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398495
--- PAGE 17 ---
KYC Print 
Page 8 of 22 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. 
Account Ownership Summary 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Country of Residence: 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Profession/Occupation: 
Current Employer: 
Address of emplo er: 
Darren Indyke - 
USA 
Lawyer 
Southern Financial LLC 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Position/Title/Rank: 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Fl New York NY United States 10022 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of 
the DB 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client 
referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(if Yes,describe ) 
Yes gq1 No 
Family 
Friendship fJi None 
Yes A No 
Date of Birth: 
Countr of Citizenship: 
USA 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: 
Other Location (specify): Date: 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the 
same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
EFTA01398496
--- PAGE 18 ---
as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 
Other: 
Salary/Earnings 
Investment 
Inheritance/Gifts 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of 
the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business 
owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, 
important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
(5): 
Estimated Net Worth($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398497
--- PAGE 19 ---
KYC Print 
Page 9 of 22 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, 
other family members, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398498
--- PAGE 20 ---
KYC Print 
Page 10 of 22 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. 
Account Ownership Summary 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Country of Residence: 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Profession/Occupation: 
Current Employer: 
Address of employer: 
Erika Kellerhals - 00000499664 
USA 
Attorney 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Position/Title/Rank: 
9100 Port of Sale Mall, Ste 15 St. Thomas VI United States 00802 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of 
the DB 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client 
referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(if Yes,describe ) 
Yes gq1 No 
Family 
Friendship fJi None 
Yes A No 
Date of Birth: 
Countr of Citizenship: 
USA 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: 
Other Location (specify): Date: 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the 
same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
EFTA01398499
--- PAGE 21 ---
as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 
Other: 
Salary/Earnings 
Investment 
Inheritance/Gifts 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of 
the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business 
owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, 
important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
(5): 
Estimated Net Worth($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398500
--- PAGE 22 ---
KYC Print 
Page 11 of 22 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, 
other family members, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398501
--- PAGE 23 ---
KYC Print 
Page 12 of 22 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. 
Account Ownership Summary 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Country of Residence: 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Profession/Occupation: 
Current Employer: 
Address of employer: 
Jeffrey E. Epstein - 00000483289 
USVI 
Little St James Saint Thomas 00802 United States 
Self Empolyed 
Southern Financial LLC 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Position/Title/Rank: 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 St. Thomas United States 00802 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) close 
relationship with Bill Clinton and Prince Andrew 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of 
the DB 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client 
referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(if Yes,describe ) 
ip Yes 
Family 
No 
Friendship gill None 
Yes Alft No 
President 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Citizenship: 
1/20/1953 
USA 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: 
Other Location (specify): Date: 
EFTA01398502
--- PAGE 24 ---
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the 
same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Private investments 
it Business Owner 
Other: 
Salary/Earnings A Investment 
Inheritance/Gifts 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of 
the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business 
owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, 
important business partners.) Jeffrey Edward Epstein (born 
January 20, 1953) is an American financier and registered sex offender in 
the United States. He worked at Bear Stearns early in his 
career and then formed his own firm, J. Epstein & Co. In 2008, Epstein was 
convicted of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution, for 
which he served 13 months in prison. He lives in the US Virgin Islands. 
Epstein taught calculus and physics at the Dalton School in 
Manhattan from 1973 to 1975. Among his students was a son of Alan C. 
Greenberg, chairman of Bear Stearns. 
In 1976, Epstein started work as an options trader at Bear Stearns where he 
worked in the special products division, advising high-networth 
clients on tax strategies. Proving successful in his financial career, in 
1980 Epstein became a partner at Bear Stearns. 
In 1982, Epstein founded his own financial management firm, J. Epstein & 
Co., managing the assets of clients with more than $1 billion 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398503
--- PAGE 25 ---
KYC Print 
Page 13 of 22 
in net worth. In 1987, Leslie Wexner, founder and chairman of Ohio-based The 
Limited chain of women's clothing stores, became a 
well-known client. Wexner acquired Abercrombie & Fitch the following year. 
In 1992 he converted a private school on the Upper East 
Side into an enormous residence. Epstein later bought that property, in the 
wealthiest part of Manhattan. In 1996, Epstein changed the 
name of his firm to the Financial Trust Company and, for tax advantages, 
based it on the island of St. Thomas in the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
In 2003, Epstein bid to acquire New York magazine. Other bidders were 
advertising executive Donny Deutsch, investor Nelson Peltz, 
media mogul and publisher Mortimer Zuckerman, who had the New York Daily 
News, and film producer Harvey Weinstein. They were 
ultimately outbid by Bruce Wasserstein, a longtime Wall Street investor, who 
paid $55 million. 
In 2004, Epstein and Zuckerman committed up to $25 million to finance Radar 
a celebrity and pop culture magazine founded by Maer 
Roshan. Epstein and Zuckerman were equal partners in the venture. Roshan, as 
its editor-in-chief, retained a small ownership stake. 
Presently, Mr. Epstein founded Southern Trust Company Inc, a private 
consulting company that invests the assets of their clients and 
gets their revenue from the return of these investments. Southern Trust 
invests in different portfolios catered to their clients and makes 
their revenue based on the returns and the fees associated with managing 
their client's assets. 
Estimated Annual Income 
($): 
Estimated Net Worth($): 
10,000,000.00 
$500 MM + 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
$50 MM - 100 MM 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Country: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, 
other family members, etc.): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398504
--- PAGE 26 ---
KYC Print 
Page 14 of 22 
One sheet must be established for EACH INDIVIDUAL PARTY in Section 2. 
Account Ownership Summary 
3A. Individual Details (for all parties) 
Individual's Name: 
Country of Residence: 
Address of primary 
residence: 
Profession/Occupation: 
Current Employer: 
Address of employer: 
Jean Anne Brennan Wiebracht - 00000487647 
USVI 
Finance 
Southern Financial, LLC 
Tax ID / SSN: 
Position/Title/Rank: 
6100 Red Hook Quarter, B3 St, Thomas United States 00802 
Is the individual a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)?(if Yes, describe) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual related to an employee of 
the DB 
group?(if Family or Friendship, describe ) 
To the best of your knowledge, is the individual party to a non-banking 
relationship with Deutsche Bank (e.g., external legal counsel, client 
referral 
source, supplier of goods or services)?(if Yes,describe ) 
Yes gq1 No 
Family 
Friendship fJi None 
Yes A No 
Date of Birth: 
Country of Citizenship: 
USA 
If applicable, indicate which bank officers have met 
the person: 
Bank Officer Name(s) 
Indicate where and when the client meeting(s) took place: 
Bank Office: 
Client 
Private 
Domicile: 
Client Place 
of Business: 
Other Location (specify): Date: 
Wealth Details for this individual are not filled in, because they are the 
same as for the following person: 
3B. Wealth Details (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
EFTA01398505
--- PAGE 27 ---
as indicated in Section 2) 
Nature of the Individual's Business: 
Summarize Source of Wealth: 
Business Owner 
Other: 
Salary/Earnings 
Investment 
Inheritance/Gifts 
Further Describe Source of Wealth /Detail the history of wealth for each of 
the sources: (e.g. For trusts, how did settlor accumulate 
wealth? For inheritance, how did family accumulate wealth?For business 
owners, how long in business, how many employees, level of 
profitability? Indicate type of business, countries of major activities, 
important business partners.) 
Estimated Annual Income 
(5): 
Estimated Net Worth($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Estimated amount of investable assets($): 
Amount of assets planned to invest with PWM($): 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398506
--- PAGE 28 ---
KYC Print 
Page 15 of 22 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Institution: 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Please indicate the family situation of the individual (marital status, 
other family members, etc.): 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account 
Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Type of Entity: 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Volcker Status: 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
United States Virgin Islands 
3. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
00000486427 
gt! Foundation/Association 
Estate 
Partnership 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
Estate or Charitable/Philantophic 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 St, Thomas 00802 United 
States 
Volcker Flag: 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
7/14/2000 
Trust 
Company 
Private Investment glt 
Purpose of Entity: 
Philanthropic/Charitable 
Commercial 
No 
66-0585379 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its 
ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, 
EFTA01398507
--- PAGE 29 ---
include information about revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
This is a 501 (c)3 foundation with Jeffrey Epstein serving as the President. 
Darren Indyke serves as VP and Erika Kellerhals as Secretary/Treasurer. The 
signors on this account are Jeffrey Epstein, Darren Indyke 
and Erika Kellerhals 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate 
beneficial owner (if not the same persons): This is a 501 (c)3 
foundation with Jeffrey Epstein serving as the President. 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking 
relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, 
supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Yes 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Number of employees: 
USA, USVI 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
as indicated in Section 2) 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent 
summary of assets/liabilities): 
The initial donation came from Jeffrey Epstein's personal funds. These funds 
have then been invested and reinvested as the source of 
income for the foundation. The profits the foudnation gets from these 
investments are then reinvested or donated to charitable 
endeavors 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
100,000.00 
Noll 
Private nonprofit foundation which is organized exclusively for charitable, 
educational and scientific purposes. 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398508
--- PAGE 30 ---
KYC Print 
Page 16 of 22 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
2,000,000.00 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: DB 
Institution: 
Institution: 
<$1 MM 
800,000.00 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account 
Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Type of Entity: 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Volcker Status: 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
US Virgin Islands 
Southern Financial LLC - 00000483882 
Foundation/Association 
Estate 
Partnership 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
Identified on Customer Profile 
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 00802 
Volcker Flag: 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
2/25/2013 
Trust ilfq Company 
ilfq Private Investment 
Purpose of Entity: 
Philanthropic/Charitable 
Commercial 
EFTA01398509
--- PAGE 31 ---
800,000.00 
No 
66-0799192 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its 
ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, 
include information about revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Southern Trust Company Inc is the sole member of Southern Financial LLC 
Jeffrey Epstein is the sole shareholder of Southern Trust 
Company Inc 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate 
beneficial owner (if not the same persons): 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking 
relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, 
supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Number of employees: 
This business is funded by Jeffrey Epstein's wealth. This company was formed 
to 
hold Mr. Epstein's personal wealth and invest in different ventures. This 
company 
invests in real estate, equities, commodities, etc and gets its revenue from 
the 
gains it makes in these investments. It is a company formed to invest the 
assets 
of Mr. Epstein 
US Virgin Islands 
Yes 
Notm 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398510
--- PAGE 32 ---
KYC Print 
Page 17 of 22 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
as indicated in Section 2) 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent 
summary of assets/liabilities): 
The initial funding in February 2013 was $1,000 from the sole shareholder of 
the sole managing member (Jeffrey Epstein). Please revert 
to Mr. Epstein's source of wealth for more details. 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: DB 
Institution: 
Institution: 
2,000,000.00 
1,500,000.00 
<$1 MM 
300,000.00 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
One sheet must be established for EACH LEGAL ENTITY in Section 2. Account 
Summary 
3C. Legal Entity Details (For all Legal Entities) 
Legal Entity Name: 
Type of Entity: 
Type of Entity Other 
(specify): 
Country of 
incorporation/registration: 
Volcker Status: 
Address (city, street, post 
code): 
US Virgin Islands 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. - 00000483883 
Foundation/Association 
Estate 
Partnership 
Purpose of Entity 
Other (specify): 
Date of 
incorporation / 
registration: 
Identified on Customer Profile 
EFTA01398511
--- PAGE 33 ---
6100 Red Hook Quarter B3 00802 
Volcker Flag: 
U.S. TIN/EIN: 
11/18/2011 
Trust JM Company 
1! Private Investment 
Purpose of Entity: 
Philanthropic/Charitable 
Commercial 
1,000,000.00 
No 
66-0779861 
Provide a description of the entity's organizational structure, its 
ownership structure and its Top Management. For trusts/foundations, 
include information about revocability,settlor and beneficiaries,etc.: 
Jeffrey Epstein is the sole shareholder of this company. The signors on this 
account are Jeffrey Epstein, Harry Beller, Jeanne Brennan, 
and Darren Indyke. 
Please indicate how ownership of the legal entity is reflected: 
Special attention: Bearer Shares - Indicate where shares are custodied: 
Describe the chain from the direct owner of the entity to the ultimate 
beneficial owner (if not the same persons): 
To the best of your knowledge, is the entity party to a non-banking 
relationship 
with Deutsche Bank (e.g. external legal counsel, client referral source, 
supplier of 
goods or services)?: 
Describe Nature of Entity's Primary Business and Investment Activities 
Nature of the business: 
Yes 
Noll 
Consulting Services relying on Financial and Biomedical algorithms. Southern 
Trust is a private consulting company that invests the assets of their 
clients and 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398512
--- PAGE 34 ---
KYC Print 
Page 18 of 22 
gets their revenue from the return of these investments. Southern Trust 
invests in 
different portfolios catered to their clients and makes their revenue based 
on the 
returns and the fees associated with managing their clients assets 
Countries where business is transacted: 
Number of employees: 
US Virgin Islands 
3D. Wealth Profile (Only for parties requiring source of wealth description 
as indicated in Section 2) 
Provide Evidence of Corporate Assets (e.g. balance sheet or equivalent 
summary of assets/liabilities): 
Consult and invest client funds and gain revenue based on fees and returns 
Estimated gross receipts p.a.($): 
2,000,000.00 
Estimated net profit p.a. ($): 
Estimated investable assets ($): 
Potential Amount to be invested with PWM ($): 
Other Known Financial Institutions: 
Institution: DB 
Institution: 
Institution: 
1,500,000.00 
$2 MM - 5 MM 
300,000.00 
Country: 
Country: 
Country: 
USA 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
Est. Assets Under Mgt: 
2,000,000.00 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398513
--- PAGE 35 ---
KYC Print 
Page 19 of 22 
DB PWM GLOBAL KYC/NCA: US/LatAm/Int'l PART B 
Relationship Name 
Booking Center 
EPSTEIN, JEFFREY RELATIONSHIP 
if! NY 
NY/Offshore 
Offshore 
Moderate 
Risk 
gq High Risk Yoonsun Chung 
(Compliance Signature) 
DB Employee 
DB Managed PIC 
DB is Trustee/Co-Trustee 
4. Attachments 
A. Type of Photo ID Provided 
B. 
im Drivers License illt! Passport 
Checklist of names (individuals and/or entities) that were submitted for 
database 
searches is attached 
C. Please indicate the results of the database searches performed 
RDC searches complete 
PCR checks complete 
OFAC checks complete 
BIS searches complete (Lexis/Nexis, Factiva, Reuters, Dow 
Jones, D&B) 
Denial Orders checks complete 
Martindale-Hubbell searched (Lawyers/Law Firms only) 
gq Yes 
No 
National/State ID 
Other 
Bearer Shares 
Yes 
Yes 
Yes 
itiq Yes 
i 
Yes 
No negative results found iP Yes 
No negative results found tU Yes 
No negative results found 
No negative results found 
No negative results found 
Yes Ali! No negative results found 
D. Please summarize any negative results from the database searches 
indicated above: DARREN INDYKE: 
Approved in KYC #01133377 
HARRY BELLER: 
EFTA01398514
--- PAGE 36 ---
Approved in KYC #01133624 
JEANNE BRENNAN: 
Jeanne was previously approved in KYC #01141315 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN: 
RDC Alert #1 -- Cleared & APPROVED by Chip Packard, AML Compliance, and Pat 
Harris 
PCR Alert #1/2 -- Not our client 
All Cases Closed 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC: 
No negative media 
No court cases 
SOUTHERN TRUST INC: 
No negative media 
Court Case -- Not our client. 
FINANCIAL INFOMATICS INC: 
No negative media 
No court cases 
J. Epstein & Co. 
All Negative Media is our client. He has been cleared of posing a 
reputational risk as shown by the AML Clearance attached 
Court Cases have been closed 
FINANCIAL TRUST & CO 
RDC/PCR alert is associated with Southern Financial, the company it merged 
into. This alert has been cleared by Compliance and is 
attached 
No 
No 
Yes inn No 
Yes inn No 
Yes Aq No 
Yes 
No 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398515
--- PAGE 37 ---
KYC Print 
Page 20 of 22 
Court Cases are closed 
Erika Kellerhals: 
Civil Action court case of James P Carroll v Dawn Prosser (a divorce case) 
which lists Erika Kellerhals as general counsel as she is an 
attorney. Another case with Supermarket Source Inc lists Erika as the 
defendent's counsel. These cases are standard in Erika's line of 
work, and they are not directed at her personally. 
E. 
To the best of your knowledge, has the client ever been convicted of a 
criminal 
offense? 
F. 
To the best of your knowledge, has the customer ever been involved in any 
past 
litigation against Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries or is the 
customer 
threatening litigation against Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries? 
(If Yes, 
provide details below and contact Quality Mgt. (LatAm/Int'l) or the 
Regulatory 
Control Group and notify Compliance immediately) 
G 
Does the client or related party have any financial or other association / 
interactions 
within countries or regimes sanctioned by the Office of Foreign Assets 
Control 
(OFAC)? 
H. 
Does the client or related party have any financial or other association/ 
interactions 
within high risk countries? 
I. Corporate Documentation Attached (Legal Entities Only) 
J. Undisclosed Principal Form Complete (Intermediaries Only) 
A Yes 
No 
Yes A No 
Yes A No 
Yes A No 
A Yes 
Yes 
No 
Not Applicable 
No A Not Applicable 
K. If Lexis/Nexis Search Results, Corporate Documents or Other Supporting 
Documentation is not in English, please provide an English 
summary of the nature/contents of the non-English Documentation: 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398516
--- PAGE 38 ---
EFTA01398517
--- PAGE 39 ---
KYC Print 
Page 21 of 22 
M. Case Comments 
Created By 
Date 
Comments 
This KYC serves as a high risk update for the below listed clients (together 
"accountholders") — 
Kshitij Golani 
8/8/117 4:45 PM 
1. Southern Financial, LLC 
2. Southern Trust Company, Inc 
3. Jeffrey Epstein 
4. J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Below are the reasons why we are comfortable with approving this KYC: 
• Information and supporting documents required by our AML Policy were 
provided and 
reviewed; and as a result, we have an understanding of the structure of the 
accountholders, 
their purpose, the purpose of the accounts and expected transaction activity 
• There are a few risk factors associated with the accountholders —
SOW: The UBOs (Jeffrey Epstein) is the founder of Southern Trust Company 
Inc, which 
manages clients assets. SOW verification was obtained. 
Negative Media & PEP: There is some negative media against Mr Epstein and he 
is also 
maintains a close relationship with Bill Clinton and 
see risk calculator for 
more information. Appropriate approval was obtained. 
• Our review did not identify any red flags and thus 
escalate this case 
further. 
• We performed due diligence searches on all parties 
names searched to be 
on any sanctions lists 
Cynthia Rodriguez 7/7/117 1:50 PM 
Verification of Address for Jeffrey Epstein is attached. it is 
recent paycheck from 
Southern Trust Company Inc. 
Cynthia Rodriguez 6/30/117 1:28 PM google searches for UBO can 
KYC case 01790820 
Cynthia Rodriguez 7/7/117 2:28 PM client confirmed no material 
07/01/2017 via phone 
Cynthia Rodriguez 7/7/117 2:17 PM research for Jean Anne Brennan Wiebracht 
is attached to kyc case 01790820 
ONSHORE APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): stewart oldfield 
Office Director/Business Head: Andrew F Gallivan 
Regional Office Director: 
AML Business Risk: 
(Signature) 
Prince Andrew. Please 
there was no need to 
and did not find the 
his most 
be found in 
changes on 
EFTA01398518
--- PAGE 40 ---
(Signature) 
stewart oldfield 
(Signature) 
Andrew F Gallivan 
(Signature) 
7/5/2017 
7/6/2017 
AML Compliance: 
Kshitij Golani 
Yoonsun Chung 
(Signature) 
Kshitij Golani 
Yoonsun Chung 
LATAM/INTERNATIONAL APPROVALS 
Client Facing Professional (CFP): 
Account Manager: 
(Signature) 
(Signature) 
(Signature) 
8/8/2017 
8/8/2017 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398519
--- PAGE 41 ---
KYC Print 
Page 22 of 22 
Global Market Team Head 
(GMTH)/Sub-Market Team Head 
(SMTH): 
AML Business Risk: 
(Signature) 
AML Compliance: 
(Signature) 
PRIVATE WEALTH MANAGEMENT POLICY STATEMENT: Deutsche Bank Private Wealth 
Management (PWM) worldwide is committed to professionally serve the 
interests of its clients. To do 
so, Client Facing Professionals1(1) (CFP's) should establish and maintain 
business relationships 
only with persons who satisfy our high standards of suitability, background 
and character. Due 
diligence obtained on the client must be appropriately documented by the 
CFP. It is the responsibility 
of CFP's to demonstrate that they know their client both at the inception of 
a relationship and on an 
ongoing basis. 
DECLARATION FOR ALL SIGNERS OF THIS FORM: To the best of my knowledge and 
belief 
the above information is correct and up to date. I confirm that I have no 
suspicions relating to the 
money laundering or unethical activities on the part of the client(s) and 
that I have followed all the 
procedures relating to account opening as described in the PWM Americas 
Procedures and the PWM 
Global KYC Policy 
(1) Client Facing Professionals (CFP's) include: Relationship Managers, 
Wealth Advisors, Product 
Officers, Brokers, Client Managers, etc. 
Deutsche Bank Americas New York 
https://dbforcepb.my.salesforce.com/servlet/servlet.Integration?-
lid=01N30000000D9Di&e... 
1/11/2018 
EFTA01398520

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398521.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398521.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon <
E
> 
Date: Thu, 22 Feb 2018 09:27:15 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz ‹
> 
GM Keith, 
We were only sent the KYC doc for Southern Financial per the attached email. 
I believe Teresa and team were still gathering the PCR and RDC documents 
per last conversation. 
Also, I anticipate Davide will ask to be pointed in the right direction as 
to where to retrieve these docs. Shall I suggest he reach out to Teresa as 
her team was previously in charge of retrieving those docs? 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Thursday, Februar 22 2018 9:22 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Did Teresa send us these documents (PCR and RDC) for a client? I figured we 
could forward them to Davide and Xavi as examples. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398521
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Wednesday, February 21, 2018 6:54 PM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes, happy to take point here. 
Like Xavi mentions, I'm also not sure what PCR and RDC refer to — can you 
please clarify and I'll provide for the accts below? 
Thank you, 
Davide 
From: Xavier Avila 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:44 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <davide-
Cc: Paolo De-Leon e
> 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Sounds good, DAvide can you pls take the lead and let me know if any issues? 
I don't know what PCR and RDC stands for. 
Thanks 
Xavi 
From: Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398522
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sent: Wednesday, February 21, 2018 11:19 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <davide-
> 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon ‹
> 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Hi Xavi, 
These are the three docs I referred to in our conversation at my desk last 
week. The Collateral Admin group requires a dummy LS2 facility to be set up 
to enable the WM collateral value to show up in CMV. That group will not 
set up an LS2 facility for a new client unless they have certain 
documentation / information (KYC, PCR, RDC, SIC code, NACE code); BRM will 
provide the SIC and NACE codes. We'll also ask the documentation team (i.e. 
Ellenoi) to build this into their required doc list so we don't have to ask 
you moving forward. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21 2018 10:43 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <davide-
> 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: KCP Collateral Flow 
Hello Xavi and Davide, 
Can you kindly provide the following documents for the below three KCP 
clients. These docs are required so that we can on board these clients into 
our daily derivative report, which will allow collateral values to flow 
correctly. 
EFTA01398523
--- PAGE 4 ---
Client name 
Docs needed 
The Lamia Ventures Corp 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
PW Focus Fund LLC 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Southern Financial LLC 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398524

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398525.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398525.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon a> 
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2018 09:51:38 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Sounds good, I'll definitely have a chat with Davide and find out where he 
got these docs. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:37 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon a> 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
You might want to find out where Davide located these docs. Just for our 
own knowledge. 
I'll update the OTC Onboarding doc this afternoon (the DDR section). 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, Februar 27, 2018 9:32 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Yes, sounds good! Davide was pretty efficient with locating and retrieving 
the necessary docs, so this new process is looking quite promising so far. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Februar 27, 2018 9:28 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
EFTA01398525
--- PAGE 2 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, now we can get this name cleared from the daily margin shortfall/-
call report. Thanks. 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:27 AM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives <crm-
Subject: Southern Financial LLC 
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding docs. 
Please note that there are two accounts for this client: 
and 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
Icid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39801 
EFTA01398526
--- PAGE 3 ---
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
EFTA01398527

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398528.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398528.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Date: Thu, 11 Jan 201: 
7:2 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
Keith Buckholz 
Hello Teresa, 
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398528
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Deriva Ives accoun 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398529
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail .7 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
EFTA01398530
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Ja 
• 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New 
. 
] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398531
--- PAGE 5 ---
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Januar 09 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398532
--- PAGE 6 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 08, 2017 11:38 AM 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
'FX Middle Office'
e ra asp- 
Roxanne Scott 
ina Laczny 
Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives 
Collateral 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
EFTA01398533
--- PAGE 7 ---
New York, NY 10154 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
FX Middle Office 
Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
Roxanne Scott 
Hiren Mathur 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
EFTA01398534
--- PAGE 8 ---
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
Keith Buckholz 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
FX Middle Office 
Debra Jasper 
alina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Collateral sse s ewyor 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
Roxanne Scott 
Hiren Mathur 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
EFTA01398535
--- PAGE 9 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
en i 
mar 
Office 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
ject 
Srikanta Gouda 
Collateral A min-NY 
Collateral Admin-
BLO 
FX Middle Office 
LD 
Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
erivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
NY 
Enid Ellis 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
EFTA01398536
--- PAGE 10 ---
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ. 302029 Jaipur. India 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, Nove I 
To: Surendra Sin I h 
u 
rikanta Gouda 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Collateral Admin-NY 
D BLO 
THOWNEMERRIMUMA! 
Debra Jasper 
alina Laczny 
U 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
ice 
•
V 00 
iren a ur 
fen atera -Assets Newyor 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
Enid Ellis 
Roxanne Scott 
• 
U II 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398537
--- PAGE 11 ---
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
• 
• 
CRM-PWM 
ice 
I 
. 
• 
O. 
erivatives 
WON 
Keith Buckholz 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Collat 
BLO 
FX M 
Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczn ■ 
• 
ateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
I 
r 
Enid Elli 
Si" 
1-1 
ffi 
Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
EFTA01398538
--- PAGE 12 ---
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Sin .h 
o a era 
Amin-'
atera 
min-
LD BLO 
FX Middle Office 
Debra Jasper 
iren 'a ur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Enid Ellis 
llateral-Assets Newyork 
u ject: 
: ew erivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
oxanne Scott 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
EFTA01398539
--- PAGE 13 ---
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15 2017 1:43 AM 
Collateral Admin-NY 
: Srik nt 
Li 
t 
I
Lill 
I 
ice 
asper 
Roxanne Scott 
Laczn 
; FX Middl 
iren Mathur 
Derivatives 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives accoun 
Nitin-X Sin 
• h 
Mil
it itilna k 
• 
k 
- I nn 
Enid Ellis 
Classification: For internal use only 
Debra 
Halina 
CRM-PWM 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
EFTA01398540
--- PAGE 14 ---
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Collateral Admin-NY 
liailiCt12:1;11111111111M:1 0 
Nitin-X Singh 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Debra 
Jasper 
Roxanne Scott 
Halina 
Laczny 
FX Middle Office 
Hiren Mathur 
Derivatives 
nid Ellis
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
CRM-PWM 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398541
--- PAGE 15 ---
Hi Surendra, 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Ice 
CRM-PWr Derivatives 
Enid Ellis 
Surendra Singh 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Collateral 
Surendra Singh 
Sendhil-
FX Middle Office 
Jasper 
Roxanne Scott 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
EFTA01398542
--- PAGE 16 ---
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
: rik nt 
Surendra Singh 
'itin-
in. 
Collateral Admin-
uren ra ingh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
ives account. [I] 
EFTA01398543
--- PAGE 17 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3960} 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
EFTA01398544
--- PAGE 18 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, 
Bangalore, India 
ror Level I escalations lease 
For Level 2 escalations please 
contact 
contact 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Electronic City, 
Mohammed -
Melvin V 
Hosur Road, 560100 
B Hussain at email id : 
at email id : 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Suren ra Singh 
ing 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3980} 
EFTA01398545
--- PAGE 19 ---
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
• 
contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
or Leve 
esca ations p ease contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
Abhijit Mukhe 
ing 
Nitin-X 
ing 
Subject: 
'ew lerivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
EFTA01398546
--- PAGE 20 ---
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@OlD16466.59BF5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398547

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398548.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398548.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon <a> 
Date: Wed, 07 Feb 2018 15:29:55 -0500 
To: Teresa Metallo < 
Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Jason Wang 
Dawn Forbes 
Teresa, 
Can you let us know who your points of contact are in AML/Onboarding? 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Wednesday, February 07, 2018 12:26 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Jason Wan 
; Paolo De-Leon a; 
Dawn Forbes 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Keith, 
After reviewing with the Offshore Team on the documentation and for accuracy 
on providing client information, I propose the AML/Onboarding Team provide 
the documents since they can provide for both Wealth Management and the 
Brokerage accounts. 
EFTA01398548
--- PAGE 2 ---
Let me know your thoughts 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Wednesday, February 07, 2018 10:24 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Jason Wang 
; Paolo De-Leon
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Teresa, 
I think this is smoothest and least burdensome process on our two groups. 
We'll basically send an email to your team and collateral admin NY and all 
you have to do is add the KYC, PCR, and RDC docs. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398549
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, February 07, 2018 9:07 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo < 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Teresa, 
Jason Wang <a> 
Kindly just following up. Can you please confirm if you are in agreement 
with the below proposal as we have a couple of clients that we are eager to 
get set up on the DDR. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 06, 2018 5:22 PM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [ 
Hi Teresa, 
; Jason Wang a 
Fortunate news- we here at risk have identified a process where we can 
provide the LS2 team the SIC Code and NACE code. However, we ask that your 
team help out by acting as the point of contact for retrieving the KYC, PCR 
and RDC documents. 
Are you in agreement with this proposal? 
EFTA01398550
--- PAGE 4 ---
Regards, 
Paolo 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, January 18, 2018 12:11 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Surendra Sin .h 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
>; Halina Laczny < 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
; Debra 
Paolo, 
I will set up a call with all to discuss how we can support these requests. 
Thanks, 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # ( 
EFTA01398551
--- PAGE 5 ---
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 18, 2018 11:07 AM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Laczny < 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
; Debra Jasper a; 
Halina 
>; Teresa Metallo 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Adding Teresa to the thread. 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Teresa- it seems that Gideon Pinedo who I believe was previously on your 
direct team used to help out with retrieving the below information. Would 
you happen to have someone on your team that can help provide Surenda with 
the below information so that he can build the dummy bond in LS2 and so that 
ultimate we can add collateral into the daily derivative report, which is an 
important report that risk relies upon. 
Debbie and Halina- please let us know who the direct owners of the below 
information is (note that these are Wealth Management clients). 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
EFTA01398552
--- PAGE 6 ---
Thank you, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 18, 2018 10:56 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Abhijit Mukherjee 
•• Debra Jasper ffi
; Halina 
; Srikanta Gouda 
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
I am not sure who should be the right contact to provide relevant 
information. I would assume that Gedeon Pinedo used to provided such 
information in past however he left the bank. 
EFTA01398553
--- PAGE 7 ---
@ Debbie/Halina, 
Would you please assist on below mail if you know the right contact to get 
in touch with? 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4E80930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 18, 2018 10:32 AM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
; Srikanta Gouda 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398554
--- PAGE 8 ---
Hi Abhijit and Surenda, 
Just to confirm my understanding of the process, Abhijit's team cannot 
proceed with adding of the collateral to the daily derivative report until 
Surenda's team builds a dummy bond in LS2, and Surenda cannot proceed unless 
she has the below highlighted items? So it seems that process is in a 
logjam until all the below information is retrieved. 
Surenda- in the past when onboarding Wealth Management clients onto LS2, 
what was the name of the person who provided to you the below information? 
It seems that in Srikanta note below that CRM is responsible for providing 
the LS2 team with that information, but CRM is typically involved only with 
credit risk analysis and margining approval; the information below seems 
operational and compliance based in nature. I'd like to track down the 
ultimate owners of the below information so that we can create a process 
around retrieving this information when setting up new LS2 profiles. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@e1D03F70.4C7A39601 
EFTA01398555
--- PAGE 9 ---
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Wednesday, Januar 17, 2018 11:07 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Please exclude my name from the mail. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@01D16466.59BF5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
EFTA01398556
--- PAGE 10 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya-
Fax 
Mobile 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, Januar 17, 2018 11:02 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Kindly just following up please. Can you please provide an update. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:55 PM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
EFTA01398557
--- PAGE 11 ---
Hello Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Please see attached and please proceed with setting up the dummy facility in 
LS2 so that the collateral can be linked to the DDR. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 4:36 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Teresa Metallo 
Kind regards, 
EFTA01398558
--- PAGE 12 ---
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:55 AM 
To: Diana Canter 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Thanks, 
Please retrieve for these below accounts: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N4G025403 
N4G026161 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:45 AM 
EFTA01398559
--- PAGE 13 ---
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
These are different account numbers than were provided way below originally? 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:33 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
The account numbers are below: 
EFTA01398560
--- PAGE 14 ---
N4G025098 
N4G025114 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello- please see below. 
fcid:image004.png@OlD38F83.357830F01 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
Can you provide the client's account number 
EFTA01398561
--- PAGE 15 ---
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo < 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Teresa, 
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398562
--- PAGE 16 ---
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3960} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
EFTA01398563
--- PAGE 17 ---
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 
, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 
, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail J 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
EFTA01398564
--- PAGE 18 ---
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
EFTA01398565
--- PAGE 19 ---
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398566
--- PAGE 20 ---
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 08, 2017 11:38 AM 
To: Srikanta Gouda
ure 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; S 
rAraSirI t 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar 
; 'FX Middle Office' 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
EFTA01398567
--- PAGE 21 ---
Subject: 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: 
Mobile: 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar 
FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
>; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
EFTA01398568
--- PAGE 22 ---
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 'h 
Sendhil-kumar 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
>, FX Middle Office 
>, Debra Jasper 
, Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
>, Roxanne Scott 
, Hiren Mathur 
EFTA01398569
--- PAGE 23 ---
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
>; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY ‹
> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K • 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
•; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <
M 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Srikanta, 
EFTA01398570
--- PAGE 24 ---
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
>; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper < 
>• Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives < 
-; Enid Ellis 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
EFTA01398571
--- PAGE 25 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
FX Middle Office < 
>; Debra Jasper 
• Halina Laczny 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathu 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
EFTA01398572
--- PAGE 26 ---
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Singh 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY ‹
> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K • 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper 
; Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
•; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork <
M 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Hi Keith, 
EFTA01398573
--- PAGE 27 ---
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
{cid:image005.png@01D05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
In 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office < 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Nitin-X Singh 
; Sendhil-kumar K < 
Jasper 
>; Roxanne Scott 
Laczny 
>; FX Middle Office 
Hiren Mathur 
>; Enid Ellis 
Derivatives < 
>; 
; Debra 
Halina 
>; CRM-PWM 
EFTA01398574
--- PAGE 28 ---
Collateral-Assets Newyork <
=> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398575
--- PAGE 29 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh < 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Nitin-X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
>; Roxanne Scott < 
; Halina 
Laczny 
; FX Middle Office 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM 
Derivatives 
>; Enid Ellis 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Nitin-X Singh 
Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Surendra Singh 
kumar K 
; FX Middle Office 
>; Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
-; Enid Ellis 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral 
; Sendhil-
; Roxanne Scott 
; FX Middle 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398576
--- PAGE 30 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
EFTA01398577
--- PAGE 31 ---
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
X Sin 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
>; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
; Nitin-
; Surendra Singh 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
EFTA01398578
--- PAGE 32 ---
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Icid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
Icid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398579
--- PAGE 33 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39801 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile + 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
; Nitin-X 
EFTA01398580
--- PAGE 34 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N4G025403 
N4G026161 
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
fcid:image018.png@OlD16466.59BF5C101 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya-
Fax 
Mobile 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398581
--- PAGE 35 ---
EFTA01398582

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398583.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398583.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon a> 
Date: Tue, 06 Mar 2018 15:35:01 -0500 
To: CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Hello Sendhil, 
Please utilize the below SIC Code: 
6159 
Miscellaneous Business Credit Institutions 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Sendhil-kumar K On Behalf Of CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sent: Monday, March 05, 2018 2:51 PM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
EFTA01398583
--- PAGE 2 ---
6700 SIC code is not available in LS2, please provide the alternative one. 
Hi Abhijit, 
Please confirm the customer profile for this request. 
fcid:image001.png@OlD3B490.E24E9F101 
Kind Regards, 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Operations Senior Analyst 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Ph:+ 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Friday, March 02, 2018 2:13 PM 
To: CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
;
Cc: Keith Buckholz < 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Hello Sendhil, 
Please see below. 
Icid:image002.png@OlD3B490.E24E9F101 
EFTA01398584
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Sendhil-kumar K On Behalf Of CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sent: Friday, March 02, 2018 2:10 PM 
To: Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives c 
; Collateral 
Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Abhijit, 
Please confirm the customer profile and SIC code for this request. 
Kind Regards, 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Operations Senior Analyst 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Ph:+ 
Email 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee 
Sent: Thursday, March 01, 2018 5:48 PM 
To: CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives c 
; Collateral 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
EFTA01398585
--- PAGE 4 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Team, 
Kindly build the below customer. Attached are the KYC docs. Please let me 
know if you need anything else. 
Thanks. 
Southern Financial LLC 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
{cid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 7:57 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives c 
Subject: Southern Financial LLC 
EFTA01398586
--- PAGE 5 ---
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding docs. 
Please note that there are two accounts for this client: N4G025403 and 
N4G026161. 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
EFTA01398587

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398588.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398588.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Date: Wed, 28 Feb 2018 12:14:27 -0500 
To: Ellenoi Jarvis 
Classification: For internal use only 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:27 AM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
‘
> 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
CRM-PWM Derivatives dill. 
lljec”,Fiteni
inancial LLC 
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding docs. 
Please note that there are two accounts for this client: 
and 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3980} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
EFTA01398588
--- PAGE 2 ---
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212) 454-1162 
Email 
EFTA01398589

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398590.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398590.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon <
E
> 
Date: Thu, 22 Feb 2018 09:42:16 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz ‹
> 
Great, thanks and will do! 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Thursday, Februar 22, 2018 9:42 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
> 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes. She seems to be more well versed then our group. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Februar 22 2018 9:27 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
GM Keith, 
We were only sent the KYC doc for Southern Financial per the attached email. 
I believe Teresa and team were still gathering the PCR and RDC documents 
per last conversation. 
Also, I anticipate Davide will ask to be pointed in the right direction as 
to where to retrieve these docs. Shall I suggest he reach out to Teresa as 
EFTA01398590
--- PAGE 2 ---
her team was previously in charge of retrieving those docs? 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2018 9:22 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon ‹
> 
Subject: FW: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Did Teresa send us these documents (PCR and RDC) for a client? I figured we 
could forward them to Davide and Xavi as examples. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 6:54 PM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes, happy to take point here. 
Like Xavi mentions, I'm also not sure what PCR and RDC refer to — can you 
EFTA01398591
--- PAGE 3 ---
please clarify and I'll provide for the accts below? 
Thank you, 
Davide 
From: Xavier Avila 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:44 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Davide-A Sferrazza S 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon a> 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Sounds good, DAvide can you pls take the lead and let me know if any issues? 
I don't know what PCR and RDC stands for. 
Thanks 
Xavi 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:19 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza HIIIIIII 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon a 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Hi Xavi, 
These are the three docs I referred to in our conversation at my desk last 
week. The Collateral Admin group requires a dummy LS2 facility to be set up 
to enable the WM collateral value to show up in CMV. That group will not 
set up an LS2 facility for a new client unless they have certain 
EFTA01398592
--- PAGE 4 ---
documentation / information (KYC, PCR, RDC, SIC code, NACE code); BRM will 
provide the SIC and NACE codes. We'll also ask the documentation team (i.e. 
Ellenoi) to build this into their required doc list so we don't have to ask 
you moving forward. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, February 21, 2018 10:43 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza <IIIIIII 
Cc: Keith Buckholz <
Subject: KCP Collateral Flow 
Hello Xavi and Davide, 
Can you kindly provide the following documents for the below three KCP 
clients. These docs are required so that we can on board these clients into 
our daily derivative report, which will allow collateral values to flow 
correctly. 
Client name 
Docs needed 
The Lamia Ventures Corp 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
PW Focus Fund LLC 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Southern Financial LLC 
EFTA01398593
--- PAGE 5 ---
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398594

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398595.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398595.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow I 
C 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Date: Mon, 26 Feb 2018 17: : 
-
To: Paolo De-Leon •I
a> 
Cc: Xavier Avila 
Keith Buckholz 
Classification: Confidential 
Paolo, 
Please see the requested docs attached for Southern Financial LLC. 
Will provide for the other two entities when they are done. Is there someone 
I should send these to directly going forward? 
Thanks, 
Davide 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2018 10:02 AM 
To: Davide-A Sferrazza  
 , Xavier Avila 
Keith Buckholz <=11
Mil
> 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
GM Davide, 
KYC- "Know Your Client" 
PCR- "Preventative Crime Research" 
RDC- "Regulatory Data Corp" 
EFTA01398595
--- PAGE 2 ---
Teresa Metallo's group was previously in charge of providing those 
documents, so she may be a good resource to reach out to if you need some 
pointing in the right direction. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Davide-A Sferrazza 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 6:54 PM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon <EmimMimIS 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes, happy to take point here. 
Like Xavi mentions, I'm also not sure what PCR and RDC refer to — can you 
please clarify and I'll provide for the accts below? 
Thank you, 
Davide 
From: Xavier Avila 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:44 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
EFTA01398596
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sounds good, DAvide can you pls take the lead and let me know if any issues? 
I don't know what PCR and RDC stands for. 
Thanks 
Xavi 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Wednesday, Februar 21, 2018 11:19 AM 
To: Xavier Avila 
; Davide-A Sferrazza 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon <MIMMI
NIfl 
Subject: RE: KCP Collateral Flow [I] 
Hi Xavi, 
These are the three docs I referred to in our conversation at my desk last 
week. The Collateral Admin group requires a dummy LS2 facility to be set up 
to enable the WM collateral value to show up in CMV. That group will not 
set up an LS2 facility for a new client unless they have certain 
documentation / information (KYC, PCR, RDC, SIC code, NACE code); BRM will 
provide the SIC and NACE codes. We'll also ask the documentation team (i.e. 
Ellenoi) to build this into their required doc list so we don't have to ask 
you moving forward. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, February 21, 2018 10:43 AM 
To: Xavier Avila <
Ilfl 
Davide-A Sferrazza 
Cc: Keith Buckholz <
M> 
Subject: KCP Collateral Flow 
EFTA01398597
--- PAGE 4 ---
Hello Xavi and Davide, 
Can you kindly provide the following documents for the below three KCP 
clients. These docs are required so that we can on board these clients into 
our daily derivative report, which will allow collateral values to flow 
correctly. 
Client name 
Docs needed 
The Lamia Ventures Corp 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
PW Focus Fund LLC 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Southern Financial LLC 
KYC, PCR, RDC 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398598

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398599.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398599.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Sachiva Gupta <a 
Date: Wed, 17 Jan 2018 11:06:32 -0500 
To: Paolo De-Leon <la, 
Abhijit Mukherjee
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi, 
Please exclude my name from the mail. 
Kind Regards, 
{cid:image018.png@01D16466.59BF5C10} 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. +1(212)250-2961 Avaya- 3382671 
Fax +1(212)872-9711 
Mobile 
Email mailto 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Wednesday, Januar 17, 2018 11:02 AM 
To: Sachiva Gu to < 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
> 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398599
--- PAGE 2 ---
Hi Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Kindly just following up please. Can you please provide an update. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 
To: Sad
i ta
>; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Sachiva and Abhijit, 
Please see attached and please proceed with setting up the dummy facility in 
LS2 so that the collateral can be linked to the DDR. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@e1D03F70.4C7A39601 
EFTA01398600
--- PAGE 3 ---
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212) 454-1162 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11 2018 4:36 PM 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz <[IMMEMINIMII
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. +1 410 895-5858 
Fax
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
EFTA01398601
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:55 AM 
To: Diana Canter a; 
Teresa Metallo 
< 
> 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Thanks, 
Please retrieve for these below accounts: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz <E
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
These are different account numbers than were provided way below originally? 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
EFTA01398602
--- PAGE 5 ---
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. +1 410 895-5858 
Fax +1 410 970-6605 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Janu 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
> 
; Keith Buckholz 
The account numbers are below: 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398603
--- PAGE 6 ---
Hello- please see below. 
fcid:image004.png@OlD38F83.357830F01 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Diana Canter < 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
Can you provide the client's account number 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (201-593-4408) 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, Januar 11 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo < 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398604
--- PAGE 7 ---
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hello Teresa, 
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212) 454-1162 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, Ja 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
EFTA01398605
--- PAGE 8 ---
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. +1 410 895-5858 
Fax +1 410 970-6605 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Januar 09, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398606
--- PAGE 9 ---
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz < 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail .7 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
EFTA01398607
--- PAGE 10 ---
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. +1 410 895-5858 
Fax +1 410 970-6605 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Ja 
PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon ‹
> 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, Januar 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
EFTA01398608
--- PAGE 11 ---
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1(212)250-2415 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Januar 09 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398609
--- PAGE 12 ---
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Friday, December 08 2017 11:38 AM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
›; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh < 
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO
; 
Sendhil-kumar K 
'FX Middle Office' <fx-
Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
>; Halina Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives <
>; 
Enid Ellis <
IIIMI>; Collateral-Assets Newyork cc 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
EFTA01398610
--- PAGE 13 ---
New York, NY 10154 
Tel: +1 212 250-3465 
Mobile: +1 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda ca>; 
Surendra Singh 
>; Collateral Admin-NY < 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin h <a; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
< 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K <a; 
FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper ca>; 
Roxanne Scott 
>; Halina Laczny 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Enid Ellis -re>; 
Collateral-Assets Newyork < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Srikanta, 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda <
> 
EFTA01398611
--- PAGE 14 ---
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
To: Surendra Sin h < 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY <
Cc: Nitin-X Sin h na, 
Collateral Admin-NY 
Sendhil-kumar K 
>, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
>, FX Middle Office <fx-
>, Debra Jasper 
, Roxanne Scott 
>, Halina Laczny 
, Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives <=
>, 
Enid Ellis Mia, 
Collateral-Assets Newyork cc 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
EFTA01398612
--- PAGE 15 ---
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Srikanta Gouda 
<
M>; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin h SaS; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
>; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO < 
Sendhil-kumar K 
FX Middle Office <fx-
MI
:>; Debra Jaspera.; 
Roxanne Scott 
Halina Laczny 
; FX Middle 
Office <
ia>; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives < 
>; Enid Ellis 
<MIIMIMIS; 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
EFTA01398613
--- PAGE 16 ---
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. +1(212)469-3280 
Fax (201)575-4694 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
>; Srikanta Gouda 
<MIIMMIIIMINfl; Collateral Admin-NY <
EM> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh n; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
<
MMa>: 
Halina Laczny 
; FX Middle 
Office 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives <a 
Enid Ellis 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398614
--- PAGE 17 ---
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY <
> 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh <a; 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO <IMMINMEMMON.; 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
Roxanne Scott 
<fl; 
Halina Laczny fl
>; FX Middle 
Office <SIS; 
Hiren Mathur ca; 
CRM-PWM Derivatives <a; 
Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork <IONNONOMOO-
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. +1(212)469-3280 
Fax (201 575-4694 
Mobile 
Email 
EFTA01398615
--- PAGE 18 ---
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Sin h <
1.=M; 
Keith Buckholz 
• Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 'h 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
; Debra Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Halina Laczny 
›; FX Middle 
Office <1111.1.111MM•all• Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives <=IMM
IIMM-; Enid Ellis 
Sla; 
Collateral-Assets Newyork < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
EFTA01398616
--- PAGE 19 ---
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, No 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda •:=I
IMMINIe; Nitin-X Singh 4IIIIIM 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
FX Middle Office <a; 
Debra 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott 
Halina 
Laczny 
; FX Middle Office <III 
; Hiren Mathur <a; 
CRM-PWM 
Derivatives < 
›; Enid Ellis <a>; 
Collateral-Assets Newyork c
> 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
EFTA01398617
--- PAGE 20 ---
Please assist Keith on below request. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. +1(212)469-3280 
Fax (201)575-4694 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh <
IMI
> 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda dt=
>; Nitin-X Singh 
Collateral Admin-NY < 
>; 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K 
FX Middle Office < 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
>; Roxanne Scott 
Halina 
Laczn 
; FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM 
Derivatives < 
>; Enid Ellis <MMINIIIMIlle; 
Collateral-Assets Newyork
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398618
--- PAGE 21 ---
Hi Surendra, 
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, Nove 
• 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda <MIIIMflil
>; Surendra Singh 
Nitin-X Singh <SS; 
Collateral 
Admin-NY <ale; 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Surendra Singh a>; 
Sendhil-
kumar K a>; 
FX Middle Office <fx-
>; Debra Jasper 
; Roxanne Scott 
>; Halina Laczny 
; FX Middle 
Office <a; 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives <=lia; 
Enid Ellis 
> 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
EFTA01398619
--- PAGE 22 ---
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. +1(212)469-3280 
Fax (201)575-4694 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta < 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda <a; 
' 
Surendra Singh < 
; Nitin-
X Singh ca>; 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; 
Surendra Singh 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398620
--- PAGE 23 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
{cid:image008.png@01D03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
EFTA01398621
--- PAGE 24 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip +44 207 5410952 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
fcid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta a 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda < 
; 
; Surendra Singh < 
; Nitin-
X Singh a; 
Collateral Admin-NY < 
liiiIIIIIIIH 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
EFTA01398622
--- PAGE 25 ---
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip +44 207 5410952 
Mobile 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda IS; 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
<a; 
<Inn 
Surendra Singh c
lat>; 
Nitin-X 
Singh <
> 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
EFTA01398623
--- PAGE 26 ---
Kindly confirm once done. 
Kind Regards, 
fcid:image018.png@OlD16466.598F5C101 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. +1(212)250-2961 Avaya- 3382671 
Fax +1(212)872-9711 
Mobile 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398624

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398625.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398625.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon <a 
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2018 10:11:29 -0500 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Davide has confirmed to me that those docs were provided to him from the 
banking team. Once he submits a request for those docs it usually takes a 
few days to get them turned around. Thanks. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, Febra..11.1 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
You might want to find out where Davide located these docs. Just for our 
own knowledge. 
I'll update the OTC Onboarding doc this afternoon (the DDR section). 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, Febradliiiii. 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
> 
Yes, sounds good! Davide was pretty efficient with locating and retrieving 
the necessary docs, so this new process is looking quite promising so far. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:28 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
EFTA01398625
--- PAGE 2 ---
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Perfect, now we can get this name cleared from the daily margin shortfall/-
call report. Thanks. 
Keith 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27, 2018 9:27 AM 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives <Es.. 
Subject: Southern Financial LLC 
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding does. 
Please note that there are two accounts for this client: 
and 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
EFTA01398626
--- PAGE 3 ---
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A3960} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212) 454-1162 
Email 
EFTA01398627

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398628.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398628.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
From: Paolo De-Leon ‹
> 
Date: Thu, 11 Jan 2018 11:54:38 -0500 
To: Diana Canter 
Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Thanks, 
Please retrieve for these below accounts: 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N4G025403 
N4G026161 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:45 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
>; Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
These are different account numbers than were provided way below originally? 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/-
EFTA01398628
--- PAGE 2 ---
DAWM_ logo _metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 11:33 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
The account numbers are below: 
N4G025098 
N4G025114 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:13 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398629
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hello- please see below. 
From: Teresa Metallo 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 10:04 AM 
To: Paolo De-Leon 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Paolo, 
Can you provide the client's account number 
Teresa Metallo 
Vice President 
WM OPS 
Regulatory - 
Risk & Control 
Wall Street 
New York, NY 10005 
Tel # (-
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Thursday, January 11, 2018 9:57 AM 
To: Teresa Metallo 
Cc: Diana Canter 
; Keith Buckholz 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398630
--- PAGE 4 ---
Hello Teresa, 
Can you kindly provide the below documents for Southern Financial LLC? 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Thank you, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Wednesday, January 10, 2018 1:39 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398631
--- PAGE 5 ---
Sure — let me know if u need more of if Teresa is not able to help you? 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 4:50 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks for the quick follow up. We will reach out to Teresa tomorrow 
afternoon if we don't hear back from her by then. Thanks again. 
EFTA01398632
--- PAGE 6 ---
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Diana Canter 
Sent: Tuesday, January 
, 2018 4:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Hi Keith — I tried to call you but no voice mail .7 
Gideon used to work for Teresa Metallo so I have reached out to her 
She is checking on this one 
Just fyi — one of the accounts you listed far below has been closed on 
Pershing since 4/28/2014 
D 
Kind regards, 
Diana Canter 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gif} 
Diana Canter 
Director I Supervisory Principals Group-Business Supervisory Office 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398633
--- PAGE 7 ---
South Street, 21202-3298 Baltimore, MD, USA 
Tel. 
Fax 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:21 PM 
To: Diana Canter 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Diana, 
We are looking for some KYC information on a client. Do you know who can 
provide us with this information? We are being told an LS2 facilty cannot 
be setup without these docs (which we need to set up an OTC collateral 
account). Apparently, Gideon Pinedo helped with this process in the past. 
Thanks. 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Funda Bozkurt 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:16 PM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
EFTA01398634
--- PAGE 8 ---
You can ask Zia Memon /Diana Canter. The team reports to him. 
Funda Bozkurt 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas. 
WM-Divisional Control Office 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Email 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, January 09, 2018 2:15 PM 
To: Funda Bozkurt 
Cc: Paolo De-Leon 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Funda, 
Do you know who owns or maintains KYC documentation (for WM accounts)? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
EFTA01398635
--- PAGE 9 ---
Sent: Friday, December 08, 2017 11:38 AM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar 
Subject: RE: New 
Importance: High 
Derivatives account. [I] 
; Surendra Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; 'FX Middle Office' 
; Debra Jasper 
>; Halina Laczny 
; CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Srikanta, 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
Is there an escalation point for this issue? Going forward BRM will not be 
providing KYC documentation to have collateral accounts set up. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
Keith Buckholz, CAIA 
Director I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Business aligned Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue, MS NYC20-1406 
New York, NY 10154 
EFTA01398636
--- PAGE 10 ---
Tel: 
Mobile: 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 2:01 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
Sendhil-kumar 
Enid Ellis 
Subject: RE: New 
Srikanta, 
; Surendra Sin h 
; Collateral Admin-NY <
> 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper < 
; Halina Laczny 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
> 
Derivatives account. [I] 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Hiren Mathur 
I was asking if you knew someone (an actual person) who has provided your 
team with these docs in previous requests. I'll reach to that person for the 
documents your team requires. Thanks. 
Keith 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Srikanta Gouda ‹
> 
Date: Monday, Nov 20, 2017, 1:43 PM 
EFTA01398637
--- PAGE 11 ---
To: Surendra Sin h 
, Keith Buckholz 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
Sendhil-kumar 
, Collateral Admin-NY 
, CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
, FX Middle Office < 
, Debra Jasper 
>, Halina Laczny 
, CRM-PWM Derivatives 
, Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
As mentioned earlier... 
, Roxanne Scott 
Hiren Mathur 
"Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client" 
Yes.. but not sure, whom do Requester or CRM reach out to get these 
documents. Thanks 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
fcid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF801 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
EFTA01398638
--- PAGE 12 ---
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 12:06 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper 
>; Halina Laczny 
Office 
.•; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Srikanta, 
Please advise Keith on below mail. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I C00 Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City - 
SEZ, 302029 Jai ur, India 
Tel. 
EFTA01398639
--- PAGE 13 ---
Fax 
Mobile
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:27 PM 
To: Surendra Singh < 
; Srikanta Gouda 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office < 
; Debra Jasper 
>; Halina Laczny 
Office < 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork < 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surenda, 
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
We do need this set up. I am trying to track down these documents, not sure 
who has them. 
When the dummy account is set up in LS2, who normally provides these docs? 
Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
EFTA01398640
--- PAGE 14 ---
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Monday, November 20, 2017 1:09 PM 
To: Srikanta Gouda < 
; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin 
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Sendhil-kumar 
FX Middle Office < 
Office 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
>; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
>; Debra Jasper 
Haling Laczny 
; Hiren Mathur 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
>; Roxanne Scott 
; FX Middle 
Please confirm if below request was completed or it is not needed to be set 
up anymore. 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@OlD05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
EFTA01398641
--- PAGE 15 ---
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Srikanta Gouda 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 7:46 AM 
To: Surendra Sin 'h 
-; Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Nitin-X Sin .h 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott 
; Halina Laczny 
FX Middle 
Office < 
-; Hiren Mathur 
CRNI-PWM Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis 
< 
; Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Generally we do not required the below information in order to setting up a 
New DDR account.( If the Client is already On boarded to LS2 ). However in 
this case, We do not see the client is onboard to LS2, in order to onboard 
the client, Customerbuild team would require the below information. Once the 
client is onboard, we will go head and create the collateral account. 
Please note — CRM or the requester used to provide the below requested 
information to Customerbuild team whenever there is a necessity to onboard a 
new client. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you have any question. 
Kind regards, 
Srikanta Gouda 
EFTA01398642
--- PAGE 16 ---
{cid:image005.png@OlD05C2C.001ECF80} 
Srikanta Gouda 
Process Supervisor 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Velankani Tech park, No 43, Electronic City, Hosur Road„ 560100 Bangalore, 
India 
Email 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Wednesday, November 15, 2017 1:43 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Nitin-X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
; Roxanne Scott < 
; Halina 
Laczn < 
; FX Middle Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
>; CRM-PWM 
Derivatives 
; Enid Ellis < 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Keith, 
Collateral Team has asked for this information to proceed further. 
@ Collateral Team, 
Please assist Keith on below request. 
EFTA01398643
--- PAGE 17 ---
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I C00 Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 3:12 PM 
To: Surendra Singh 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Nitin-X Singh 
IS 
Collateral Admin-NY 
CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K < 
; FX Middle Office • 
; Debra 
Jasper < 
>; Roxanne Scott < 
; Halina 
Laczn < 
; FX Middle Office 
Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM 
Derivatives 
>; Enid Ellis < 
Collateral-Assets Newyork 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Surendra, 
EFTA01398644
--- PAGE 18 ---
Can you please let me know who is asking for this information? We have 
never provided this information in the past when setting up new DDR 
accounts. I also don't have access to the requested documents. Thanks. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Surendra Singh 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 11:00 AM 
To: Keith Buckholz 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Nitin-X Singh 
Admin-NY 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
Surendra Singh 
kumar K 
; FX Middle Office 
; Debra Jasper 
Halina Laczny 
Office 
; Hiren Mathur 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
-; Enid Ellis 
; Surendra Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Keith, 
; Collateral 
; Sendhil-
; Roxanne Scott 
FX Middle 
Relevant team is asking to provide below information to get this request 
processed further. Request you to provide the same. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
EFTA01398645
--- PAGE 19 ---
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
Kind regards, 
Surendra Singh 
{Description: Description: cid:image001.png@01D05A73.A4EB0930} 
Surendra Singh 
Associate I COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Fax 
Mobile 
Email 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Tuesday, November 14, 2017 10:22 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
X Singh 
; CUSTOMERBUILD BLO 
; Sendhil-kumar K 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
; Surendra Singh 
>; Collateral Admin-NY 
Surend 
; Nitin-
ra Singh 
EFTA01398646
--- PAGE 20 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
Please provide the below requested information to Customerbuild team in 
order to set up the customer in LS2. 
SIC Code 
NACE Code 
KYC Document 
PCR Document 
RDC Document 
@ Sendhil — Once you receive the required information, please set up a 
Guarantor profile in LS2. 
Note — Once the Customer is set up and $1 Facility is created in LS2, we 
will link the collateral account to DDR. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39801 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
EFTA01398647
--- PAGE 21 ---
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile + 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations please contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
fcid:image009.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
From: Abhijit Mukherjee On Behalf Of Collateral Admin-NY 
Sent: Saturday, November 04, 2017 1:50 AM 
To: Sachiva Gupta 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Surendra Singh 
; Nitin-
X Singh 
; Collateral Admin-NY 
Subject: RE: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Sachiva, 
We did not find the below customer built in LS2. Kindly reach out to 
Customer build team to get it built under guarantor profile. 
Thanks. 
Kind regards, 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
EFTA01398648
--- PAGE 22 ---
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
Block 8, Velankani Tech Park, No.:43, Electronic City, Hosur Road, 560100 
Bangalore, India 
Voip 
Mobile + 
Email 
For Level 1 escalations lease contact Mohammed-B Hussain at email id : 
For Level 2 escalations please contact Melvin V at email id : 
From: Sachiva Gupta 
Sent: Friday, November 03, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Cc: Srikanta Gouda 
; Abhijit Mukherjee 
Surendra Singh <
.>; Nitin-X 
Singh 
Subject: FW: New Derivatives account. [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi All, 
Could you please add the below client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA and 
Pledge agreements. Please note there are two accounts for this client. 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LLC 
N4G025403 
N4G026161 
Kindly confirm once done. 
EFTA01398649
--- PAGE 23 ---
Kind Regards, 
fcid:image018.png@OlD16466.59BF5C101 
Sachiva Gupta 
Senior Analyst I Securities Operations - WM US 
COO Wealth Management Operations 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Avaya-
Fax 
Mobile + 
Email mailto: 
Go green. Consider the environment before printing this email. 
EFTA01398650

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398651.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398651.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Southern Financial LLC 
From: Paolo De-Leon cla. 
Date: Tue, 27 Feb 2018 09:26:41 -0500 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Abhijit Mukherj 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding docs. 
Please note that there are two accounts for this client: N4G025403 and 
N4G026161. 
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
fcid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B01 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Email 
EFTA01398651
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01398652

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398653.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398653.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Southern Financial LLC 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Date: Wed, 28 Feb 2018 15 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Abhijit Mukherj 
Cc: Keith Buckholz 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Hi Collateral Team, 
Just wanted to follow up on the DDR set up please. 
Thanks, 
Paolo 
From: Paolo De-Leon 
Sent: Tuesday, February 27. 2018 9:27 AM 
To: Collateral Admin-NY 
Abhijit Mukherjee 
Cc: Keith Buckholz <M
a:>; 
CRM-PWM Derivatives 
Subject: Southern Financial LLC 
Hello Abhijit and team, 
Can you please add this client to the DDR? Attached are the SACA, Pledge 
Agreements, and other KYC / onboarding docs. 
e that there are two accounts for this client: 
and 
EFTA01398653
--- PAGE 2 ---
Thanks and regards, 
Paolo 
{cid:image008.png@OlD03F70.4C7A39B0} 
Paolo De Leon 
Assistant Vice President I Credit Risk Officer 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Business Risk Management 
345 Park Avenue - 14th Floor 
New York, NY, USA 10154-0004 
Tel. +1(212) 454-1162 
Email 
EFTA01398654

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398655.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398655.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: Epstein Summary [I] 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Date: Thu, 11 Jul 2019 16:14:24 -0400 
To: Arjun Nagarkatti 
Cc: Carl Jackson 
Swasi Bate 
Classification: For internal use only 
Arjun, 
Please note the below comment on the FX trade should read September 2018 and 
not 2019. i.e. The last trade was booked in September 2018 and closed out 
in Feb 2019. 
Regards, 
Keith 
From: Keith Buckholz 
Sent: Thursday, July 11, 2019 12:01 PM 
To: Arjun Nagarkatti 
Cc: Carl Jackson 
Subject: Epstein Summary [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Arjun, 
; Swasi Bate ‹
> 
There is currently no OTC trading relationship with Epstein. The previous 
trading relationship was with an entity named Southern Financial LLC. 
The last remaining trade ($3MM notional FX fwd) was closed out in 
Feb 2019 (originally booked in Sept 2019) 
Historical trading relationship was very light (I believe JPM was 
their primary trading partner), primarily FX and equities 
EFTA01398655
--- PAGE 2 ---
As per Lending (Americas) never had a lending relationship 
There was AUM here in early 2019, but we don't have visibility 
into size. I would have to reach out to the banker (Stewart Oldfield) to 
get historical balances — let me know if you want me to get additional 
details. 
Kind regards, 
Keith Buckholz 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Keith Buckholz 
Deutsche 
Business 
345 Park 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Bank Trust Company Americas 
Risk Management 
Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/DB CC PB E-
Mailsignatur_500_123 Krause_EN.JPG} 
EFTA01398656

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398657.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398657.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Fw: JEE WT to SK (I] 
From: Vahe Stepanian 
Date: Thu, 08 May 2014 12:18:55 -0400 
To: Margaux Mcgrath < 
Cc: Paul Morris <
Classification: For internal use only 
And a wire... 
 Forwarded by 
on 05/08/2014 12:18 PM 
From: 
To: 
bellaklein < 
Cc: 
"Darren Indyke ( 
<->, 
Richard Kahn < 
MI> 
Date: 
05/08/2014 12:14 PM 
Subject: 
JEE WT to SK 
Please confirm. Please notice this is an international Wire in US Dollars. 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: May 8, 2014 11:39:41 AM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: 
(See attached file: SHBRK Scann14050811391.pdf) 
EFTA01398657

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398658.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398658.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Apr 2016 AML/KYC Escalation Re orts [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Wed, 06 Apr 2016 12:22:14 -0400 
To: Armen Brash a>, 
Andrew Gallivan <=IS>, 
Michael S Jacoby 
Lee Flutter 
, 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta <
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly. Thank you. 
ACUs w/Mat Changes 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High - - - 7 7 
Moderate 2 5 7 15 29 
Low - 1 2 10 13 
Overdue Temporary Exceptions 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 15 - - 1 16 
Moderate 1 1 - - 2 
Low 2 - - - 2 
Overdue High Risk in Person Meetings 25 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 160 Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
EFTA01398658

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398659.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398659.pdf
----------------------------------------
JEFFREY E. EPSTEIN 
MEMORANDUM 
To 
Amanda Kirby m 
Dairen K Indyke^^ill>OLA>-Ajl_< 
From: 
Value Date: May 8, 2014 
Debit Account # : 35266976 
Please wire Six Hundred Sixty Five Dollars ($665) from the above account to: 
Correspondent Bank of Beneficiary's Bank: 
Wells Fargo Bank N.A. 
SWIFT: 
PNBPUS3NNYC 
For further credit tto: 
Receiving Bank name: Alfa Bank 
Moscow, Russia 
Beneficiary name: 
ease ca 
a 
emn with any questions and the US Dollar amount at 
EFTA01398659

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398660.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398660.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01398660
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01398661
--- PAGE 3 ---
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Case Number 
Customer Name 
Created By 
Opened Date 
Product Description 
Exception Ex 
pires 
Created Alias 
Escalation Manager 
Silo 
Reason for Exception 
Fax Copies Exception 
Days Overdue
01175721 
107227 Canada Inc 
Janet Sible 
1/8/2014 
IA 
ABR- Please vett the 
signors with W-8 Ben for approval. NAO Case* 7306319 (FOR ADVISOR SELECT IA ACC) KYC# 1156121 Conte 
ct: Janet Sible 312-952-9280 New ADVISOR SELECT account - Manager Clearbridge 
1/22/2014 
PB S 
-CH 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Temp 
orary exception granted for the DB corporate resolutions. E-mail is attached 
226 
01250909 
9800 La Cienega, LLC 
Mayra Fonseca 
6/30/2014 
Business Checking 
ABR 
pls approve the case with a roved W-9 Thanks Please open new money market KYC 1236985 NAO 8128595 R 
eserved Account Number- 
Thank you. 
7/22/2014 
PB S-LA liN/A 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
This case has been given temporary exception for two Weeks for W-9 Tax form by Vaishali-p Mehta. 
01163565 
Millstein & Co. LLC 
Marjorie Hansen-Cosby 
12/12/2013 
Banking ABR, Please 
vett the signatories and approve the case with W-9. NAO CaseI7187995 KYCI839146 Contact: Marjorie Ha 
nsen-Cosby 
12/18/2013 
PB S-NY Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
week TE for corrected Cert of LLC Resolutions N 
251 
01244488 
Gummy HR, LLC 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
6/16/2014 
Please vett the signers with 
W-9 approval. DDA Account Type - 10 APY - 0.00% MMDA Account Type - 
st Plan - 129 APY - 0. 
20% KYC 01242729 NAO 8045240 RUSH CASE: Reserved account numbers are 
and 
Please e 
mail 
once these account are officially opene . T an you. 
7/16/2014 
PB S-NY N A 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Please approve with temporary exception of 30 days as per th 
e email so we can track the originals 
101 
01255244 
Lazar & Faigy, Inc. 
Brigid Ehrenberg 
7/10/2014 
New Business Checkin 
g without Interest account On Line Banking:-No DDA Rate Type:- 10 APY:-0.00%  
 ABR, Please vett the signers and appro 
ve the case with W-9 PLEASE OPEN ACCOUNT: LAZAR & FAIGY, INC. NAO 8061395 KYC 01215485 7/25/2014 
PB S-NY tN/A 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Temporay exception has been approved for two weeks, to obtai 
n the new version of the W9 (version August 2013). See attached approval. 
01287301 
Heinz Eppler Life Insurance Trust 1993 Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
9/30/2014 
ABR 
pls Vett the signor with approve W-9. Thanks Please open a checking account for E p ler Life Insuranc 
e Trust U/A/D 09/14/93. KYC Case -- 01284216 NAO Case -- 8554143 Please email 
with Account t as soon as it is completed. 
10/14/2014 
PB S-NY IN/A 
week temporary exception is approved for our standard letter to be signed by the Trustee and the L 
imited Agents, to be provided by Tammy N 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
EFTA01398662

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398663.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398663.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Oldfield [I] 
From: Daphne Cales 
Date: Tue, 03 Oct 2017 14:19:58 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan •:
=IP 
Classification: For internal use only 
FYI 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Adrienne Bull 
Sent: Tuesday, Oct 
T 
Subject: RE: Oldfield [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Melisa Venegas 
Hi Daphne — 
EFTA01398663
--- PAGE 2 ---
The one remaining was pending ABR approval as of 9-28-17 (moved from HR to 
MR pending the completion of ABR approval). 
Kind Regards 
Adrienne 
From: Daphne Cales 
Sent: Tuesday, October 03, 2017 1:57 PM 
T. 
Subject: FW: Oldfield [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hey ladies, 
Adrienne Bull 
Steward Oldfield was asking about his one HR KYC outstanding but I don't see 
it. All I have is his moderates. Please confirm. 
GCIS Customer Number 
RISK 
Customer Name 
* Type 
Client Since Date 
Relationship Customer Number 
Relationship 
Customer Owner 
EFTA01398664
--- PAGE 3 ---
KYC Update Due Date Month-Year 
FO Submission Due Date 
Active Accounts 
(as of 19SEP17) 
Rel CBV (as of 6/30/17) 
Small Relationship 
Assigned support person 
Create KYC Update in System 
Submitted to FO HR: 1112 
MR: 244 
DBF Case # 
Comments 
409100 
HIGH 
Black, Leon D. 
Individual 
4/17/2014 
483288 
ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
9/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
< $2 mm 
Priscilla Lewis 
Completed 
0.15 
EFTA01398665
--- PAGE 4 ---
Completed 
1822196 
Under $2MM; requested to keep 
442098 
HIGH 
Lindemann, Adam M. 
Individual 
2/1/2010 
427075 
LINDEMANN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
9/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Michelle Baptiste 
Completed 
Completed 
1809779 
Approved August 2017 
483883 
HIGH 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
29,086,262.09 
EFTA01398666
--- PAGE 5 ---
Organization 
8/26/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Jun-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
483882 
HIGH 
Southern Financial LLC 
Organization 
8/26/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Aug-17 
N/A 
EFTA01398667
--- PAGE 6 ---
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
486426 
HIGH 
Butterfly Trust 
Organization 
1/24/2014 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1804531 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398668
--- PAGE 7 ---
Approved September 2017 
487199 
HIGH 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
Organization 
11/1/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1804531 
Approved September 2017 
487219 
HIGH 
Plan D, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
EFTA01398669
--- PAGE 8 ---
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
487223 
HIGH 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
Organization 
11/1/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398670
--- PAGE 9 ---
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1791049 
Approved July 2017 
487225 
HIGH 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
487244 
EFTA01398671
--- PAGE 10 ---
HIGH 
JEGE, Inc 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487264 
HIGH 
Neptune, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01398672
--- PAGE 11 ---
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790739 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487265 
HIGH 
NES, LLC 
Organization 
11/8/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398673
--- PAGE 12 ---
Completed 
1790739 
Approved August 2017 
489505 
HIGH 
Individual 
12/13/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790724 
Approved July 2017 
492732 
HIGH 
Zorro Development Corp. 
Organization 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398674
--- PAGE 13 ---
4/25/2014 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
N/A 
N/A 
Inactive 
222,973,649.34 
499760 
HIGH 
Gratitude America 
Organization 
3/3/2015 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
EFTA01398675
--- PAGE 14 ---
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790739 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
550331 
HIGH 
Zorro Management, LLC 
Organization 
12/20/2016 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398676
--- PAGE 15 ---
483289 
HIGH 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
Individual 
9/12/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
487216 
HIGH 
JEGE, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398677
--- PAGE 16 ---
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
499733 
HIGH 
LSJE, LLC 
Organization 
2/25/2015 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398678
--- PAGE 17 ---
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
550868 
HIGH 
Prytanee, LLC 
Organization 
1/20/2017 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Completed 
Completed 
1704382 
Approved January 2017 
486423 
HIGH 
EFTA01398679
--- PAGE 18 ---
Jeepers, Inc 
Organization 
9/12/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
486427 
HIGH 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Organization 
9/30/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
EFTA01398680
--- PAGE 19 ---
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
486428 
HIGH 
The Haze Trust 
Organization 
9/23/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398681
--- PAGE 20 ---
1804531 
Approved September 2017 
487266 
HIGH 
Mort, Inc 
Organization 
11/13/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
423157 
Moderate 
TFMG, LLC 
Organization 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398682
--- PAGE 21 ---
8/28/2008 
409409 
TISCH FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Aug-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
< $2 mm 
Not Started 
Not Started 
518287 
Moderate 
The George Lindemann Family Limited Partnership Series 1 
Organization 
9/28/2015 
427075 
LINDEMANN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
EFTA01398683
--- PAGE 22 ---
$ 
29,086,262.09 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
520582 
Moderate 
Kati Forsythe 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
Trust Client 
EFTA01398684
--- PAGE 23 ---
520548 
Moderate 
CRW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
520547 
Moderate 
GEW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
EFTA01398685
--- PAGE 24 ---
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
520550 
Moderate 
Shari Wagner 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Dec-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
EFTA01398686
--- PAGE 25 ---
Not Started 
Not Started 
Trust Client 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Tuesday, October 03, 2017 1:50 PM 
To: Daphne Cales <daphne.cales@db.com> 
Subject: RE: Oldfield [I] 
The list we were looking at this morning shows 1 high outstanding that is 
EFTA01398687
--- PAGE 26 ---
what I was asking about 
From: Daphne Cales 
Sent: Tuesday, October 03, 2017 1:48 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan <andrew.gallivan@db.com> 
Subject: Oldfield [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Per our discussion, this is Stewart's list. As you can see they are all 
moderates. I'll have someone start these as soon as possible. 
423157 
Moderate 
TFMG, LLC 
Organization 
8/28/2008 
409409 
TISCH FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Aug-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
< $2 mm 
Not Started 
EFTA01398688
--- PAGE 27 ---
518287 
Moderate 
The George Lindemann Family Limited Partnership Series 1 
Organization 
9/28/2015 
427075 
LINDEMANN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
29,086,262.09 
n/a 
Not Started 
520582 
Moderate 
Kati Forsythe 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
EFTA01398689
--- PAGE 28 ---
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Not Started 
103,855,330.67 
520548 
Moderate 
CRW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
520547 
Moderate 
GEW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
EFTA01398690
--- PAGE 29 ---
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Not Started 
103,855,330.67 
520550 
Moderate 
Shari Wagner 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Dec-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
EFTA01398691
--- PAGE 30 ---
Not Started 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
EFTA01398692

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398693.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398693.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Monthly Annual Client U date Reports - April 2016 [I] 
From: Rich Iarossi 
Date: Wed, 06 Apr 2016 15:19:25 -0400 
To: Armen Brash <as, 
Charles Hoffarth <a, 
Charlie Burrows 
Daphne Cales 
Diana Canter a>, 
Janice Franklin 
>, 
Lina M Arias 
, 
Mary C Keavene 
Lee Flutter 
Michael S Jacoby e>, 
Sarita Medina a, 
zia Memon as, 
Mikal Ison ca, 
David-K Ng <a 
Vaishali-P Mehta=>, 
Andrew Bolender 
Cc: Andrew Gallivan a>, 
Patrick Harris alMIMIMIl
ts 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Attached are two reports: 
Any ACU that is past due 
ACUs due within the next 30 days 
*The tables below are a breakdown of the Overdue ACU's. 
US PB 
# of active clients 
1-30 
31-60 
EFTA01398693
--- PAGE 2 ---
61-90 
90+ 
Grand Total 
Previous Month 
Current Month 
PEP 
Low Risk 
9963 
169 
1.36 
1.70 
Moderate Risk 
EFTA01398694
--- PAGE 3 ---
4614 
1.02 
1.93 
High Risk 
1464 
0.29 
6.28 
1-30 
31-60 
61-90 
90+ 
Grand Total 
EFTA01398695
--- PAGE 4 ---
BANKING 
Low Risk 
Moderate Risk 
High Risk 
EFTA01398696
--- PAGE 5 ---
COVERAGE-Domestic 
146 
Low Risk 
Moderate Risk 
High Risk 
EFTA01398697
--- PAGE 6 ---
COVERAGE-GAT 
Low Risk 
Moderate Risk 
High Risk 
EFTA01398698
--- PAGE 7 ---
COVERAGE-LATAM 
Low Risk 
Moderate Risk 
High Risk 
EFTA01398699
--- PAGE 8 ---
CUSTODY 
Low Risk 
Moderate Risk 
IA 
EFTA01398700
--- PAGE 9 ---
Low Risk 
Moderate Risk 
LENDING 
Low Risk 
EFTA01398701
--- PAGE 10 ---
Moderate Risk 
High Risk 
TRUST 
Low Risk 
EFTA01398702
--- PAGE 11 ---
Moderate Risk 
High Risk 
Grand Total 
166 
109 
350 
EFTA01398703
--- PAGE 12 ---
Please note there are certain customers that appear to have outstanding ACUs 
for several months and even years. This may be due to either a system 
glitch or some other circumstance out of the CFP's control. I am working on 
these cases with the CFPs on a one to one basis. Please also note that the 
below reports are created as of the first of the month- clients may appear 
below even though the ACUs have been completed by the time all notifications 
are sent out. 
Kind regards, 
Rich Iarossi 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Rich Iarossi 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 212 250-4835 
Email 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim_en_rgb.gifl 
EFTA01398704

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398705.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398705.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Oct 2016 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 12:22:00 -0400 
To: Armen Brash 
Andrew Gallivan 
Michael S Jacob 
Lee Flutter 
Mark LaRoe < 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
ACUs w/Mat Changes* 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total « File: 
US_Onshore.xlsx » 
High 
8 9 
Moderate 3 1 1 8 13 
Low 
4 8 
* some are pending AML Compliance's review 
Overdue Temporary Exceptions 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 2 3 5 
Moderate 2 1 
Low 3 
4 
Overdue High Risk in Person Meetings 7 
City Coming due 0-30 31-60 61-90 +90 
Los Angeles 
High 
Miami 
Mod 
Low 
New York 4 2 1 1 15 
High 1 
6 
Mod 1 2 1 6 
Low 2 
San Francisco 1 1 2 4 
EFTA01398705
--- PAGE 2 ---
High 
Mod 1 1 
Low 
1 
Grand Total 5 3 1 6 20 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 60 Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 I Email 
EFTA01398706

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398707.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398707.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: KYCs - DB as Trustee [I] 
From: Samantha Harmon 
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 11:07:53 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan ‹
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
Andrew, 
I am attaching the file from Vaishali regarding moderate risk KYCs. I have 
run against your file where DB is a Trustee, and inserted the Trust Officer. 
Kind regards, 
Samantha Harmon 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Samantha Harmon 
Sales Support Analyst 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, NY, 10154-0004 
USA 
Tel. +1 212 454-7720 
Email 
EFTA01398707

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398708.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398708.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: May 2015 
[I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Thu, 04 Jun 2015 10:55:58 -0400 
To: Andrew Galliva 
Kimberly Hart 
>, 
Michael-J Davis 
Michael S Jacoby
Cc: Armen Brash .:
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly. Thank you. 
Regards, 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax.: +1 (212) 553-2397 
Email 
EFTA01398708

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398709.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398709.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
From: Samantha Harmon a 
Date: Tue, 12 Sep 2017 10:16:57 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan a 
Classification: For internal use only 
Bad news. I'm triple and quadruple checking the calculations, but it looks 
as if DB is not the Trustee on any of these. 
Kind regards, 
Samantha Harmon 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Samantha Harmon 
Sales Support Analyst 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, NY, 10154-0004 
USA 
Tel. +1 212 454-7720 
Email 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Tuesday, September 12, 2017 9:01 AM 
To: Samantha Harmon
Subject: FW: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398709
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Monday, September 11, 2017 9:10 AM 
To: Adrienne Bull; Andrew Gallivan; Patrick Harris 
Cc: Rodrigo Quintero 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello 
Please see attached, all the moderate rate risk Trust clients. 
Please let me know if anything else is required 
Regards, 
Vaishali 
From: Adrienne Bull 
Sent: Monday, September 11, 2017 8:43 AM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Patrick Harris 
ffi
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta <SIMIIMIIMIPINNEllb; Rodrigo Quintero 
<=NIMM
NIS 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
EFTA01398710
--- PAGE 3 ---
Hi Vaishali 
Can you please send the list of moderate risk trust accounts to Andrew. 
Kind regards 
Adrienne 
Original Message 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Monday, September 11, 2017 07:35 AM Eastern Standard Time 
To: Adrienne Bull; Patrick Harris 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta; Rodrigo Quintero 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Send me the full list and we can pull the DB Trusts 
From: Adrienne Bull 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 5:49 PM 
To: Patrick Harris; Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta; Rodrigo Quintero 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Hi Pat — 
Regarding your request below, I met with Vaishali and understand the 
following: 
Although trust accounts are able to be identified, there is no way to 
identify those that are DB-administered. The current list of trust accounts 
(moderate risk) is 392. 
Of Note: There is a flag in DB Force that allows a user to check if the 
trust is DB administered but it is not always populated when applicable. 
EFTA01398711
--- PAGE 4 ---
i.e., running a report using the DB administered flag would not produce an 
accurate list of DB Administered Trusts. 
Based on the above, please advise if you would like to list of Trust Clients 
(392 Clients) 
Kind Regards 
Adrienne 
From: Patrick Harris 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 1:11 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan alla 
Adrienne Bull 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Rodrigo Quintero 
ae• 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Adrienne, 
Can you help us get the information on the Medium risk accounts that are DB-
administered trusts? The trust group can be helpful in accelerating the 
process for lots of Mediums. 
fcid:2 =0ABBF7D9DFC706A98f9e8a93df9386909@db.coml 
Patrick Harris 
Managing Director I Head, Business Risk Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
EFTA01398712
--- PAGE 5 ---
Tel. +1(212)454-4069 
Fax +1(646 863-9308 
Mobile +1 
Email 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Friday, September 08 2017 1:03 PM 
To: Patrick Harris 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Yes let's get that going I can get David Ed et al up to speed and let's get 
this rolling 
From: Patrick Harris 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 1:00 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I absolutely agree. Do you need the list? I can get Daphne/others to lead 
them through what is needed. 
fcid:2 =0ABBF7D9DFC706A98f9e8a93df9386909@db.coml 
EFTA01398713
--- PAGE 6 ---
Patrick Harris 
Managing Director I Head, Business Risk Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1(212)454-4069 
Fax +1(646)863-9308 
Mobil +1 
Email 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 12:06 PM 
To: Patrick Harris j
> 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Also thinking about this for the medium risk KYC related to the previously 
exempted trusts let's engage the trust team to help gather all the necessary 
information. They will have direct client contact and should be able to 
handle that outreach. We may need to educate them on the intricacies of the 
new policy but they should be able to lift some of this burden. Ultimately 
the banker's name will need to be tagged to this from a completion 
monitoring standpoint but someone else can help in plowing through 
these.... Thoughts? 
From: Patrick Harris 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 11:47 AM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
EFTA01398714
--- PAGE 7 ---
You're right: "offered" should be deleted. 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Date: Friday, Sep 08, 2017, 11:44 AM 
To: Patrick Harris ‹
> 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
3rd bullet on page 9 wording seems off. I think we want to say has given 
written guidance but wanted to confirm with you 
From: Patrick Harris 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 11:39 AM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high 
risk KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
This is what I'm presenting, on 9/13. 
{cid:2 =0ABBF7D9DFC706A98f9e8a93df9386909@db.com} 
EFTA01398715
--- PAGE 8 ---
Patrick Harris 
Managing Director I Head, Business Risk Management 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1(212)454-4069 
Fax +1(646)863-9308 
Mobile +1 
Email 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Friday, September 08, 2017 9:53 AM 
To: Patrick Harris -1
,• 
Subject: What are you presenting to the Risk committee Monday on high risk 
KYC's [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I need to give an update for the DBTCA Board and thought we should be 
consistent 
Regards, 
Andrew Gallivan 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gifl 
Andrew Gallivan 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Global Products & Solutions 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 212 454-2369 
Fax +1 646 502-4407 
EFTA01398716
--- PAGE 9 ---
Email 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/positive_impact_ENG.gif} 
EFTA01398717

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398718.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398718.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: APPROVAL NEEDED: Hi h Risk RUSH KYC Case 01696913 [C] 
From: Kimberly Hart 
Date: Thu, 15 Dec 2016 14:14:20 -0500 
To: Patrick Campion <IS, 
Andrew Gallivan ca:. 
Classification: Confidential 
No — I do not remember any recent discussions regarding Jeffrey Epstein. 
The only recent matter was Kushner and the rep risk associated with his 
father who was convicted of illegal campaign contributions, tax evasion and 
witness tampering. Could you be thinking of that? 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWM_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Kimberly Hart 
Managing Director I Regional Control Officer 
Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Wall Street, 27th Floor, New York, NY 10005 
Tel. +1 212 454-2877 
Fax +1 646 863-9809 
Mobile +1 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Patrick Campion 
Sent: Thursday, December 15, 2016 1:40 PM 
To: Kimberly Hart; Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: Far: APPROVAL NEEDED: High Risk RUSH KYC Case 01696913 
Can you folks remind me, wasn't this name going to WMRRC recently. I 
remember our discussing it. 
EFTA01398718
--- PAGE 2 ---
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Cynthia Rodriguez ‹
> 
Sent: Thursday, December 15, 2016 11:43 AM 
To: Patrick Campion 
Cc: Armen Brash; Samantha Harmon 
Subject: RE: APPROVAL NEEDED: High Risk RUSH KYC Case 01696913 
Hello, 
I am follow up on the below. Thanks for your help! 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
{cid:image001.png@OlD0778D.2D49CDD0} 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. (212)454-4577 
Fax (646) 736-0721 
Email 
EFTA01398719
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: Cynthia Rodriguez 
Sent: Wednesday, December 14, 2016 2:09 PM 
To: Patrick Campion 
Cc: Armen Brash; Samantha Harmon 
Subject: APPROVAL NEEDED: High Risk RUSH KYC Case 01696913 
Importance: High 
Hello, 
I am requesting Exco Approval for Zorro Management, LLC, under the Jeffrey 
Epstein relationship. Mr. Epstein has recently created this U.S Virgin 
Islands entity, and would like to open a checking account before year end. 
RM Name 
Stewart Oldfield 
Business Line 
US Onshore 
GCIS # / KYC # 
483290/ 01651789 
New or Existing Relationship? 
If yes, please include relationahip since date, approx # of accounts, AUM, 
etc.) 
Existing relationship since 8/26/2013. A total of 21 deposit accounts and 3 
money market accounts for multiple entities, 5 brokerage accounts and 1 
custody account. Total AUMs $224mn. 
EFTA01398720
--- PAGE 4 ---
Legal name of Account Holder(s) 
Zorro Management, LLC 
Name of UB0(s) 
(Please include UBOs who own 25% and more; If there are multiple layers, 
please include description of ownership structure) 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Description of Type of account being opened with detailed purpose of the 
accounts 
(Please include SOW information/ Geographic location/ 
For Entity Accounts: Description of the entity and background information on 
the UBO) 
We are opening checking account for new entity, Zorro Management LLC 
Reason for High Risk 
This relationship is deemed high risk due to multiple court cases on 
Jeffrey Epstein, involving 22 April 2004 SEC filed a settled civil fraud 
action for illegal insider trading in three publicly traded Massachusetts 
banks. Final judgement permanently enjoins him from violating the antifruad 
provisions and he agreed to pay a total of $72532.06 in disgorgement of 
trading profits, prejudgment interest and civil penalties. Epstein was 
sentenced to 21 months in federal prison for three counts of fraud, sexually 
assaulting a girl and solicitation of prostitution. These alerts were 
previously approved by senior management and AML Compliance. Prior clearance 
is attached as a reference 
PEP (Y/N) 
If yes, include details 
No 
EFTA01398721
--- PAGE 5 ---
Any negative media and/or court cases? 
Include ALL negative media & court cases 
Yes 
If Yes, please give details 
Aside from the court cases listed in the reason for high risk, all other 
alerts were false positives and no new court cases or negative media has 
come up for this client. 
Business Justification for the relationship despite High Risk Factors 
All negative media and alerts have been reviewed by AML Compliance and they 
do not see a reason to discontinue the existing relationship with Jeffrey 
Epstein. 
Kind regards, 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
{cid:image001.png@e1D0778D.2D49CDDe} 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
EFTA01398722
--- PAGE 6 ---
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. (212)454-4577 
Fax (646) 736-0721 
Email 
EFTA01398723

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398724.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398724.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: April 2017 AML/KYC Escalation Re orts [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Mon, 08 May 2017 12:16:27 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Michael S Jacob 
Lee Flutter ≤ 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Armen Brash 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Attached is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and coming due 
items. Please review and address accordingly. 
Overdue Temporary Exceptions 
Risk I 
1-30 
31-60 
61-90 
>90 
Days Overdue 
Grand Total 
High 
Moderate 
EFTA01398724
--- PAGE 2 ---
Low 
Overdue High Risk in Person Meetings 
Thank you. 
{cid:image005.gif@O1CFF815.216EE0B0} 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 I Email 
EFTA01398725

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398726.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398726.pdf
----------------------------------------
US-Onshore HRIPM Due2017 
Customer Name 
leustomer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting 
Due Year 
Past-Due Explanation 
Bank 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Client Since Date 
Hernstadt, Edward W. 
Liz Payne 
2017 
3/20/1985 
CLAWSON, CURTIS J 
Sean Jules 
2017 
1/24/2003 
Sillerman, Robert F.X. 
Terri Sohrab 
2017 
1/5/2007 
Allen, Paul Gardner 
Russell Daulton 2017 
12/8/2009 
Desnick, James 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
7/22/2008 
Desnick, Ahuva 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
7/29/2014 
DEG Capital G.P. 1 Inc. 
Terrence Tangney 
2017 
9/17/1997 
Big River Real Estate, LLC 
Brian Convey 
2017 
12/31/2007 
The 2000 Robert and Laura Sillerman Descendants' Trust 
Terri Sohrab 
2017 
l ignagal5/2008 
Comsup Commodities Inc 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
4/27/2009 
Comsup Ltd. 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
12/26/2008 
Comsup Minerals Ltd 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
12/26/2008 
Atlas Real Estate Funds, Inc 
Terri Sohrab 
2017 
12/23/2008 
Charles G. Koch 1997 Trust 
David Rodin 
2017 
7/29/2009 
Profile Property Trust Dated 3/16/2005 
2017 
8/7/2009 
Antelope Insurance Company, Inc. 
2017 
29 2009 
Hymowitz, Gregg 
Joanne 
Jolli Four, LLC 
Joanne 
EDF LLC 00000458968 
Joanne Jensen 
East 64th Street, LLC 
7/18/2011 
Infinity LW 12th Street, LLC 
2017 
6/17/2011 
LW 12th Street Holding, LLC 
2017 
6/17/2011 
IL MULINO USA, LLC 
6/29/2011 
Guardian Investment Company Ltd. 
2017 
6/27/2011 
Perpetual Aviation, LLC 
9/6/2011 
Jensen 
Jensen 
2017 
Susan Burnett 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
12/14/2010 
2017 
12/20/2010 
11/21/2011 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
Terri Sohrab 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
EFTA01398726
--- PAGE 2 ---
A-GRADE INVESTMENTS II LLC 
11/15/2011 
Winklevoss, Cameron 
Joanne 
5/29/2012 
Winklevoss, Tyler 
Joanne 
5/29/2012 
MDeG Investment Group, LLC 
2017 
7/3/2012 
Carlyle Energy Mezzanine Opportunities Fund - Q, 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
9/6/2012 
The 2012 Diana L. Mercer Family GST Trust 
Coleman 2017 
9/26/201 
Noah B. Mamet Revocable Trust 
2/13/2013 
Stallion 44, LLC 
3/12/2013 
Rockpoint Real Estate Fund IV LP 
Vrablic 2017 
S
illi4/2013 
Zelenko, Jill 
Joanne Jensen 
Sunbridge Holdings, LLC 
6/27/2013 
Marriott, Stephen Blake 
8/20/2013 
New Balloon Investments, LLC 
9/20/2013 
3075 Wilshire, LLC 
11/8/2013 
WS Paley 68 Suppl Tr SC Burden III Et Al 
2017 
2/26/2014 
WS Paley 68 Prmry Tr SC Burden III Et Al 
2017 
2/25/2014 
Honey Badger Investments LLC 
11/26/2013 
Rousseau, Douglas E 
1/30/2014 
Casterlirock Holdings, LLC 
4/16/2014 
Schwartz, Alan E. 
6/4/2014 
KKR Holdings, LP 
5/13/2014 
9800 La Cienega, LLC 
7/9/2014 
KYUNG KU CHO AND DEBRA MIHEI CHO REVOCABLE TRUST 
Burnett 2017 
7/17/2014 
EnTrust Palmetto LLC 
6/10/2014 
The ABEN Liquidating Trust 
IIIIIIIIIIII 
2017 
6/26/2014 
The James and Debbie Cho Foundation 
2017 
6/27/2014 
Deirdre Judge 
Jensen 
2017 
Jensen 
2017 
Terrence Tangney 
L.P. 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Malcolm 
Brian 
2017 
Mary Ann 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
2017 
Rosemary 
2017 
10/21/2014 
Kimble 
2017 
Convey 
2017 
David Rodin 
2017 
Susan Burnett 
2017 
Rachel Maglicic 
Rachel Maglicic 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2017 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2017 
Michael King 
Susan Burnett 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
2017 
Susan 
2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Susan Burnett 
EFTA01398727
--- PAGE 3 ---
David E.I. Pyott Trust dtd 04/18/2014 
Jake Block 
2017 
9/10/2014 
Julianna Eva Pyott Trust est 06/20/2014 
Jake Block 
2017 
9/10/2014 
Alliance for a Free Society, Inc. 
David Rodin 
2017 
8/6/2014 
Coalition for a Better Wichita, Inc. 
David Rodin 
2017 
8/7/2014 
Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund I LP 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
9/25/2014 
Arbiter Special Opportunities Fund II LP 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
9/25/2014 
Zisook Enterprises L.P. 
Michael E. McCarthy 
2017 
10/7/2014 
Michelle Desnick Minority Trust dtd 8/14/89 
Rosemary 
Vrablic 2017 
9/16/2014 
Jordan Desnick Minority Trust 
INOMPIANINI 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
9/16/2014 
Desnick Descendants Irrevocable Trust 
Rosemary 
Vrablic 2017 
ii
ii
Active View, LLC 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
10/9/2014 
LHRB LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
11/20/2014 
Bee's Center Films LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
11/20/2014 
Do It Again, LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
12/5/2014 
Cameron Winklevoss Family Exchange Trust 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
10/23/2014 
Tyler Winklevoss Family Exchange Trust 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
10/23/2014 
AFSF II AIV-D LP 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
12/5/2014 
Blackstone Property Partners Lower Fund 1 L.P. 
Joanne 
Jensen 2017 
11/20/201 
Infinity Equity Ventures LLC 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
11/26/2014 
Blackstone Property Partners L.P. 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
11/20/2014 
AFSF II AIV Investors - D L.P 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
12/5/2014 
Gemini IP, LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
12/17/2014 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398728
--- PAGE 4 ---
US-Onshore HRIPM PastDue 
Customer Name 
leustomer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting 
Due Year 
Past-Due Explanation 
Bank 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Client Since Date 
L P Weicker Est H Weicker Et At Tr 
Andrea 
Est 
Andrea 
Nicoletti 
L P Weicker 
Nicoletti 
L P Weicker 
Nicoletti 
GEORGE L K FRELINGHUYSEN TRUST 
Liz Payne 
7/27/1994 
Bunzel, Max 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
Bunzel, Maxwell 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
Bunzel, Mary 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
MARY ELIZABETH BUNZEL 2009 IRREVOCABLE TRUST UAD 09/11/09 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
1/10/2013 
Nevada Land III LLC 
Rosemary Vrablic 
8/13/2009 
Levitt Jr., Arthur 
Joanne Jensen 
12/22/2009 
Fertitta, Tilman 
12/31/2012 
Loeb Jr, John 
3/27/2013 
Zappala, Joseph 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
John L. Loeb Associates, Inc. Employee Pension Plan 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2016 
5/9/2013 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Heather Sue Mercer 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Jennifer L. Mercer 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Rebekah Mercer 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
STB Holdings L.P. 
00000485824 
Michael S. Jacoby 
2016 
9/26/2013 
JEGE, LLC 
10/18/2013 
Plan D, LLC 
10/18/2013 
GNLC Holdings, Inc. 
11/20/2013 
Marjorie S Daitch Revocable Trust 
Moore 
2016 
7/22/2011IIIIIIIIII
Lone Star Fund VI (U.S.), L.P. 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
This client is exiting by the end of 2017 the latest. the client is 
aware that DB is exiting the PE business. This account also belonged to 
Marcy Morgan who is no longer with the bank. 
7/1/2008 
For internal use only 
Est 
Andrea 
1986 
2/17/198 
T M Weicker Et Al Tr 
1986 
2/17/198 
Mary A Mellor Etal Tr 
1986 
2/17/1983 
Malcolm Kimble 
Salvatore E. Moore 
1997 
9/4/2013 
1/15/2013 
1/8/2013 
2016 
2016 
2015 
2016 
4/17/2013 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
Malcolm Kimble 
2015 
Salvatore E. 
EFTA01398729
--- PAGE 5 ---
US-Onshore TempExceptDue 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Due in 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Customer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for 
Exce tion (If Ap licable 
Days Overdue
MSR 
Silo 
691 St Nicholas JV LLC 
Client 
Rosemary Vrablic 
5/31/2017 
****extended. 30-
day exception for executed operating agreement of 691 St Nicholas JV LLC. 
See attached Compliance approval for extension until 4/14/2017. 
-30 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01618173 
UNICOM Technology Park, Inc. 
Prospect 
Dan Gray 
6/24/2017 
Temporary 
exception to obtain a Borrowers Resolution. Extended for 90 more days (see 
email attached) 11/22/2016 Extended for 4 more weeks. See email attached 
(2/24/17). Extended for 90 days (3/24/17) 
-54 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby US-Onshore 
Fanjul, Alfonso Prospect 
Oti Roberts 
5/21/2017 
The standard 90 days 
temporary exception for executed trust agreement, TIN, and date of 
incorporation has been granted for this KYC. 60 days extension approved on 
3/21/17 
-20 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, 
Michael Jacob 
US-Onshore 
691 St Nicholas JV LLC 
Client 
Rosemary Vrablic 
5/31/2017 
**extended** See 
KYC 1609297 for temporary exception for executed operating agreement of 691 
St Nicholas JV LLC. See attached Compliance approval for extension until 
4/14/2017. 
-30 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, 
Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01699159 
Janet and Earl Seekins Family 
Foundation 
lent 
Terrence Tangney 
5/8/2017 
day Temporary exception to obtain the IRS letter 
providing the client with an exempt status 
-7 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby US-Onshore 
01704241 
Colony Lascombes Partners, L.P. 
Prospect 
Susan Burnett 
7/24/2017 
Monitoring 
the ongoing investigation 
-84 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, 
Michael J. Davis Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01739673 
Leonard N. Stern Family Trust 
Client 
Mary Ann Coleman 
5/3/2017 
TIN and Date of 
registration for the trust. 3/22/2017: executed trust is attached. The TIN 
and date of the establishment for the trust are documented on the case 
comments. (Cleared) Exco approval 
-2 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01752644 
IIIIIIIIIIII 
Batmasian, Marta 
Client 
Rachel Maglicic 10/6/2017 
Monitoring of ongoing 
litigation. 
-158 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, 
Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01755879 
Capital University 
Client 
EFTA01398730
--- PAGE 6 ---
Terrence Tangney 
5/10/2017 
30-day temp 
exception for full KYC info in compliance with updated policy 
-9 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01758801 
Lascell, Daniel M. 
Client 
Terrence Tangney 
5/12/2017 
30-day temp 
exception for full KYC info in accordance with updated policy, additionally, 
BIS searches for SOW Appirio are required in accorance with updated 
policy -11 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby US-Onsh 
01759276 
Kimball-Ruttenberg, Jemma Q. 
Client 
Terrence Tangney 
5/5/2017 
30-day temp 
exception for full KYC info in compliance with updated policy, full KYC 
party searches 
-4 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, 
Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Stewart Oldfield 
Todd R. Wanek 2015 GRAT Client 
5/2/2017 
10-day temp 
exception for RM approval, please see attached email 
-1 
Armen 
Brash, Andrew Ga • 
' el J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01760109 
The Patricia A. Russo Personal Residence 
Trust - 1998 
Client 
Joanne Jensen 
7/9/2017 
Standard 90-day exception for executed trust agreement. 
-69 
Armen 
Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398731
--- PAGE 7 ---
US-Onshore_TmpExcptOver 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic (All Overdue) 
5/1/2017 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Customer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for 
Exception (If Ap licable 
Days Overdue 
MSR 
Silo 
01637120 
Equities First Holdings, LLC 
Prospect 
Vanessa Simonetti 
3/20/2017 
Pending investigation. -DB was notified by their sub-custodian that the Thai 
Police were "investigating" First Equities LLC. The WM business attempted to 
get more information about the scope of the investigation (e.g. is it civil, 
is it criminal, does it concern First Equities LLC or another entity, etc.), 
but were unable to obtain any additional information. It was agreed that a 
"standard" Level II Public Records (ie REDD Cat 2) investigation, and an 
APAC vendor (Blue Umbrella) provided report to DB dtd September 4th, 2015. 
Findings were reviewed with Wayne Salit and Armen Bras, and all agreed that 
it did not warrant exiting the relationship. However, it was agreed that 
relationship will be upgraded to 'high-risk' and reviewed every six months 
for the next few years. (see attached Blue Umbrella report and email 
confirmation summary from Wayne Salit). 42 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael . D vis Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01758071 
Durwood Wilmot Ringo Revocable Trust 
Client 
Terrence Tangney 
4/28/2017 
TE to 
complete all the fields in the KYC profile including the Volcker flag. 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01758149 
Patricia Louise Ringo Revocable Trust 
Client 
Terrence Tangney 
4/28/2017 
TE to 
complete all the fields in the KYC profile including the Volcker flag. 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398732
--- PAGE 8 ---
Acct opening exceptions 
Case Number 
Customer Name 
Created By 
Opened Date 
Product 
Description 
Exception Expires 
Created Alias 
Reason for 
Exception 
Fax Copies Exception 
Days Overdue 
01754160 
BPP F.1 DE Viking 3 LP 
Melisa Venegas 
3/23/2017 
day exception for CRP for the following accounts: BPP F.1 DE Viking LP 
(Contributing) 42966962 BPP F.1 DE Viking LP (Operating) 42966970 BPP F.1 DE 
Viking 2 LP (Contributing) 42966989 BPP F.1 DE Viking 2 LP (Operating) 
42966997 BPP F.1 DE Viking 3 LP (Contributing) 42967009 BPP F.1 DE Viking 3 
LP (Operating) 42967017 BPP F.1 DE Viking 4 LP (Contributing) 42967041 BPP F.-
DE Viking 4 LP (Operating) 42967068 BPP F.2 DE Viking LP (Contributing) 
42967076 BPP F.2 DE Viking LP (Operating) 42967498 BPP F.2 DE Viking 2 LP 
(Contributing) 42967084 BPP F.2 DE Viking 2 LP (Operating) 42967092 BPP F.2 
DE Viking 3 LP (Contributing) 42967105 BPP F.2 DE Viking 3 LP (Operating) 
42967113 
4/21/2017 
ABR 
day CRP exception for 18 
entities 
01443412 
Axia Realty, LLC 
Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
8/21/2015 
ABR, Please vett the signers and approve the case with W-9 
Please open a checking account for Axia Realty, LLC. There is already a 
money market account o ened for this entity. KYC: 01352638 NAO: 10157045 
Please email 
with the account # once the 
account is opened. Thank you. 
9/8/2015 
MNGMNT Updated LLC 
Resolution 
435 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398733

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398734.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398734.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RUSH KYC approval [I] 
From: Jj Litchford <Ifl 
Date: Mon, 05 Oct 2015 13:40:36 -0400 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Andrew Gallivan 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Kim and/or Andrew--
We have a rush KYC (01469735) in for an account (George Lindemann Family LP) 
we need re-opened ASAP (it was auto-closed by BO). 
The KYC is almost exactly the same as the last time. Can one of you push it 
through for me? They are expecting it 
Thanks, 
{cid:image001.gif@OlD02B3A.F8AC3FC0} 
Litchford 
Associate Banker 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, New York 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
{cid:image002.gif@OlD02B3A.F8AC3FC0} 
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Monday, October 05, 2015 1:36 PM 
To: Jj Litchford; PWMUS AMLKYC 
Cc: Armen Brash 
Subject: RE: CLEARED: PCR Alert - Jeffrey Epstein [I] 
EFTA01398734
--- PAGE 2 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks Jj 
I will forward it to compliance as soon as it hits my queue — currently with 
Office Director 
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
AVP Anti-Money Laundering Business Risk 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 27th Floor, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
fcid:image001.png@OlD030D6.03601EF01 
fcid:image002.png@OlD030D6.03601EF01 
From: Jj Litchford 
Sent: Monday, October 05, 2015 1:19 PM 
To: PWMUS AMLKYC 
Cc: Armen Brash; Vaishali-P Mehta 
Subject: RE: CLEARED: PCR Alert - Jeffrey Epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01398735
--- PAGE 3 ---
Thank you! 
Vaishali—this has been submitted. 
{cid:image001.gif@OlD02B3A.F8AC3FC0} 
JJ Litchford 
Associate Banker 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, New York 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
fcid:image002.gif@OlD02B3A.F8AC3FC01 
From: Renee Salhi On Behalf Of PWMUS AMLKYC 
Sent: Monday, October 05, 2015 1:13 PM 
To: Jj Litchford; PWMUS AMLKYC 
Cc: Armen Brash; Vaishali-P Mehta 
Subject: CLEARED: PCR Alert - Jeffrey Epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Jj, 
AML Compliance has reviewed the PCR alert generated for Jeffrey Epstein, UBO 
and Signatory on the accounts of Mort, Inc. Mr. Epstein is an existing 
client of the Private Bank. 
The subject of the alert is Jeffrey S. Epstein who resides in 
Farmingham, Massachusetts, United States. 
EFTA01398736
--- PAGE 4 ---
Our client is Jeffrey E. Epstein who resides in St. Thomas, U.S. 
Virgin Islands and has no address history in Massachusetts according to 
LexisNexis. 
AML Compliance clears this alert from an AML perspective as the location and 
middle initial of the client does not match that of the alert subject. 
Kind regards, 
Renee Salhi 
{cid:1 =0ABBF490DFF5ECF48f9e8a93df9386909@db.com} 
Renee Salhi 
Associate I AML Compliance Officer 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Private Wealth Management - AML Compliance 
5022 Gate Parkway, Suite 400. 
Jacksonville, Florida 32256. USA 
Tel. 
Email 
Visit us: http://www.db.com 
{cid:2 =0ABBF490DFF5ECF48f9e8a93df9386909@db.com} 
From: Jj Litchford 
Sent: Monday, October 05, 2015 10:24 AM 
To: PWMUS AMLKYC 
Cc: Armen Brash; Vaishali-P Mehta 
Subject: FW: PCR Alert - Jeffrey Epstein [I] 
Importance: High 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi AML--
EFTA01398737
--- PAGE 5 ---
This is a rush request. We need to reopen an account that was auto-closed 
today and are waiting on the KYC. 
Please clear the following PCR alert on Jeffrey Epstein (KYC 01469735). This 
alert is for Jeffrey S. Epstein, our client is Jeffrey Edward Epstein, so 
this is a false positive. Passport and alert attached. 
Thanks, 
JJ 
{cid:image001.gif@OlD02B3A.F8AC3FC0} 
JJ Litchford 
Associate Banker 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, New York 10154 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
{cid:image002.gif@OlD02B3A.F8AC3FC0} 
From: Akshay Davera 
Sent: Monday, October 05, 2015 10:14 AM 
To: Jj Litchford 
Cc: PWM BIS-Research; PWMUS AMLKYC 
Subject: PCR Alert - Jeffrey Epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello 
EFTA01398738
--- PAGE 6 ---
Attached is the alerts for the party mentioned above. Please note that 
clearance from compliance is required prior to KYC approval. 
Please follow the instructions below: 
Forward explanation of whether the alert pertains to your client directly to 
compliance. 
Receive confirmation from compliance that alert can be removed from the 
queue. 
Include copies of all responses along with your KYC. 
Thanks 
Kind regards, 
fcid:image001.gif@OlDOFFA6.1B21D3401 
Akshay Davera 
Operations Analyst I Transaction Approval Group
Business Information Search 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Private Wealth Management 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 302029 Jaipur, India 
Tel. 
Mobile 
Email 
Icid:image002.gif@OlDOFFA6.1B21D3401 
EFTA01398739

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398740.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398740.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Sept - 2017 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas fl
MMIE> 
Date: Tue, 10 Oct 2017 12:14:50 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan a, 
Michael S Jacob 
, 
Lee Flutter 
Mark LaRoe 
Armen Brash <
MI
> 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehtalar, 
Patrick Harris 
Sheffali Welch 
Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
Teresa Metallo < 
Lisa-M Ramos 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Attached is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and coming due 
items. Please review and address accordingly. 
§ High Risk in Person Meetings Past Due: 23 
§ Overdue Temporary Exceptions: 9 
Thank you, 
{cid:image003.gif@OlD2E8FA.C574F450} 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FL, New York, NY, USA 
{phone} +1 (212) 250-1493 
{grey_new_seo-14-512} 
EFTA01398740

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398741.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398741.pdf
----------------------------------------
EFTA01398741
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01398742
--- PAGE 3 ---
1'1'111(11 
ill iiiil nil 'Illy Iil 
li II IIIIIIII ill i 
1„ii I I II ILI.I.: 
IIhill' ill 'ill' 
! Li , I III II 
EFTA01398743
--- PAGE 4 ---
= 
W
= 
= 
MI 
= 
= 
III 
66736 
00000487216 
JEGE, LLC 
Paul Morris 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 2/17/2015 
No changes in income producing activities 
Darren Indyke was added as POA in February 2014 73 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
AML to Close - Approved KYC #1195111 
EFTA01398744
--- PAGE 5 ---
EFTA01398745
--- PAGE 6 ---
COVERAGE-Domest ic_TmpExcptDue In 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Due in 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
Days Overdue 
MSR 
Silo 
01370179 
00000506803 
TSI Giardina Rabbi Trust 
Client Susan Burnett 
6/22/2015 
Temporary Exception of 90 Days for executed documents as DB is the Trustee 
Kimberly Hart 
-52 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01371036 
00000499861 
TPG Advisors VI, Inc. 
Prospect 
00000450636 
Cheryl Palle 
 
6/1/2015 
Borrowers resolution will be obtained at closing. 
Lee Hutter 
-31 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01375357 
00000406736 
Brener, Pablo 
Prospect 
00000406737 
Deirdre Judge 
4/8/ 
2016 
The case will be re-evaluated in a year given the internal investigation for possible money 
laundering. 
Kimberly Hart 
-343 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01376949 
00000499861 
TPG Advisors VI, Inc. 
Prospect 
00000450636 
Cheryl Palle 
 
6/1/2015 
Borrowers resolution will be obtained at loan closing. Lee Hutter 
-31 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01377853 
00000495893 
Lexington Capital Partners VIII, LP 
Client 00000409936 
Terr 
i Sohrab 
5/8/2015 
Temporary Exception for Borrowers Resolution and Executed LP documen 
is 
Kimberly Hart 
-7 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-Domestic 
01378283 
00000287842 
Susan E. Akin Irrev Trust U/A Dtd 1/27/03, Johanna Stolecki TTEE 
Client 00000162399 
Liz Payne 
7/10/2015 
The standard 90 days temporary exception for 
TIN number has been granted for this KYC. 
Kimberly Hart 
-70 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01380558 
00000499861 
TPG Advisors VI, Inc. 
Prospect 
00000450836 
Cheryl Palle 
 
6/1/2015 
Borrowers resolution to be obtained at closing for signatory authority. Lee 
Hutter -31 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01385114 
00000508224 
Chaitanya Inc 
Client 00000168925 
Brian Convey 
5/28/2015 
SOS Printout not yet available, will attached within 30 days upon receipt. 
Kimberly Hart 
-27 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
00906979 
00000471736 
Meridiem Infrastructure North America Fund II LP 
Prospect 
00000471737 
Rosemary Vrablic 
6/30/2015 
Exception Extended - see email below Temp -
exception Extended 60 Day Temporary Exception for Borrowers Resolution Kimberly Hart 
-60 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01290743 
00000471736 
Meridiem Infrastructure North America Fund II LP 
Prospect 
00000471737 
Rosemary Vrablic 
6/30/2015 
Exception Extended 6/3015 see e-mail attache 
d Exception Extened - see email attached 60 Day Temporary Exception for Borrowers Resolution (see pr 
evious KYC-- 00906979 for approval) 
Kimberly Hart 
-60 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01329886 
00000458962 
Planned Parenthood of Illinois Client 00000175329 
Terrence Tan 
gney 
5/17/2015 
Kimberly Hart 
-16 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01335734 
00000471736 
Meridiam Infrastructure North America Fund II LP 
Prospect 
00000471737 
Rosemary Vrablic 
6/30/2015 
Exception Extended - see email See Temporary 
Exception for Borrowers Resolution in KYC 906979 
Kimberly Hart 
-60 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01345897 
00000479363 
Spencer Family 2012 GHAT I 
Client 00000156618 
Liz Payne 
5/11/2015 
A standard 90 day exception for the trust TINts and fully executed document. 
Kimb 
erly Hart 
-10 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Dom 
est ic 
01347466 
00000479316 
Jacques, Patrick C. 
Client 00000167808 
Tim MacGuire 
7/16 
/2015 
DB as co ? trustee, there is a Blanket Exception of 90 days for Date of Incorporation, EIN a 
nd Executed Documents. Kimberly Hart 
-76 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01350684 
00000499861 
TPG Advisors VI, Inc. 
Prospect 
00000450636 
Cheryl Palle 
 
6/1/2015 
TE for sigining authority. Document will be obtained at closing. 
Kimb 
erly Hart 
-31 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Dom 
est ic 
01351513 
00000454163 
Batmasian, Marta 
Client 00000454164 
Carlos Arrizurieta 
9/7/2015 
Due to negative media and ongoing legal actions, the KYC is required to be updated i 
 6 months. 
Kimberly Hart 
-129 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01353300 
00000497010 
The GST Exempt Sydell L. Miller Dynasty Trust FBO Lauren Spilman u/a 
/d/8/26/93 
Client 00000497011 
Lisa Adelstein 6/15/2015 
Michael S. Jacoby 
-45 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
01366045 
00000505227 
Tabizuru Foundation 
Prospect 
00000214706 
Mary Ann Col 
eman 
5/14/2015 
Kimberly Hart 
-13 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
01367302 
00000505296 
TPG Growth II Finance, L.P. 
Prospect 
00000450836 
Cher 
yl Paller 
5/22/2015 
1. Temporary Exception granted for listing of authorized signatory
see attached email) 2. Permanent Exception granted to accept AML Letter from CCO in lieu of DB's AML 
Questionnaire for Private Equity Firms. 
Lee Hutter 
-21 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
EFTA01398746
--- PAGE 7 ---
EFTA01398747
--- PAGE 8 ---
COVERAGE-Domest ic_HRIPM_PastDue 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
Past-Due Exp 
lanation 
Bank 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Client Since Date 
Offshore Account Open Date 
MSR 
Silo 
Manually Remove? 
Lisa S. Benenson Insurance Trust 
00000287202 
Andrea Nicoletti 
1995 
Reta 
it Banking < $250K 
8/18/1992 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Altpoint Capital Partners, LLC 00000462886 
Brian Convey 
2014 
Retail Banking < $25 
OK 
9/9/2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Dom 
estic 
No 
MISS AMERICA PROPERTIES, LLC 
00000464881 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2014 
Retail Banki 
ng < $250K 
7/14/2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-Domestic 
No 
Pindle, LLC 
00000470744 
Cheryl Paller 
2014 
Retail Banking < $250K 3/8/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
GCI Technologies Ltd. 
00000472976 
Malcolm Kimble 2013 
Retail Banking < $250K 4/2/ 
2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Budinger, William M. 
00000451232 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Relationship Exempt 
5/30/2001 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-DOmestiC 
NO 
Budinger, William Doyle 00000491423 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Relationship Exempt 
2/25/2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Nicholls, Naoma 00000412674 
Susan Burnett 
2013 
Portfolio of Exempt Accounts 
7/30 
/2007 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Aquiline Holdings LP 
00000411484 
Joanne Jensen 
2014 
Force Exempt 
3/7/2007 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
FDEG Holdings, LLLP 
00000464495 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Force Exempt 
7/1/ 
2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-DomeStiC 
No 
Zahid, Mervat 
00000225289 
Paul Bartilucci 2013 
9/30/1994 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Newamco, LLC 
00000423479 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2011 
9/18/2008 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Ortiz Consulting, Inc. 00000437284 
John Marson 
2013 
7/7/2009 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Nussdorf, Arlene 
00000444723 
Joanne Jensen 
2014 
3/3/2010 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Nussdorf, Glenn 00000444725 
Joanne Jensen 
2014 
3/3/2010 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Nussdorf, Stephen 
00000444726 
Joanne Jensen 
2014 
3/3/2010 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Left Bank Investments Limited 
00000464330 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
6/15/2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-DomestiC 
No 
CAP III Maritime AIV, LP 
00000469156 
Joanne Jensen 
2013 
9/14/2011 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Gottbetter Capital Group, Inc. 00000471300 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
12/19/2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Limestone Partners 
00000472899 
Andrea Nicoletti 
2012 
4/18/2012 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Mitido Invest LTD 
00000473138 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
7/13/2012 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
SYDELL HOLDINGS LLC 
00000479783 
Susan Burnett 
2013 
12/12/2012 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
EFTA01398748
--- PAGE 9 ---
COVERAGE-Domestic_HRIPM_Due2015 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Primary Officer 
lanation 
Bank 
Auto Exempt Reason 
MSR 
Silo 
Comments 
Bruli International S.A. 
00000177992 
OK 
4/12/1995 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan 
estic 
No 
Comsup Commodities Inc 00000424709 
Rosemary 
OK 
4/27/2009 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan 
estic 
No 
Comsup Ltd. 
00000424797 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 12/2 
6/2008 Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Comsup Minerals Ltd 
00000424798 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banking < $25 
OK 
12/26/2008 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Dom 
estic 
No 
FDEG Corp. 
00000439357 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 8/21 
/2009 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Lawrence F DeGeorge Irrevocable Trust Agreement u/a dtd November 12, 2010 
00000457925 
Terr 
ence Tangney 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 11/19/2010 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
TIPPT MEDIA INC 00000471609 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 1/26/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Viggle Media, Inc. 
00000471610 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 1/26 
/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
IUC 701 Times Square LLC 
00000472123 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banki 
ng < $250K 
3/23/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-Domestic 
No 
Isaac Franco 2002 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 
00000472785 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 3/19/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
Isaac Franco 2001 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 
00000472784 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 3/20/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
Isaac Franco 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
00000472786 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Reta 
il Banking < $250K 
3/16/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Isaac Franco Alaska Trust 
00000472787 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banki 
ng < $250K 
3/23/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-Domestic 
No 
Credit Opportunities Master Fund II, LP 00000473714 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Retail Banki 
ng < $250K 
6/1/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-Domestic 
No 
Credit Opportunities Overseas Fund II, LP 
00000474124 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Reta 
il Banking < $250K 
6/1/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Institute for the Preservation of Arts and Culture Limited 
00000474130 
Liz Payne 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 8/3/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
Winklevoss Media, LLC 
00000474232 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 5/31 
/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Walkitalk LLC 
00000474710 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 7/5/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Technomicom LLC 00000474711 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 7/5/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
TRITONIC HOLDINGS, LLC 00000474908 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 7/9/ 
2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Infinity Lifestyle Brands, LLC 00000475597 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banki 
ng < $250K 
7/20/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-Domestic 
No 
Rado Tours, LLC 00000478290 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 10/12/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Infinity AL Holdings, LLC 
00000478501 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Retail Banki 
ng < $250K 
11/8/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
RAGE-DOmestiC 
No 
CKI Events, LLC 00000486696 
David Rodin 
2015 
Retail Banking < $250K 2/9/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Paparoni, Fernando 
00000471849 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
Relationship Exempt 
2/17/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
L J & Fa Degeorge Charitable Trust 
00000287358 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
Port 
folio of Exempt Accounts 
12/22/1994 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Khalilzad, Zalmay M 
00000442073 
John Marson 
2015 
Portfolio of Exempt Accounts 
11/2/2009 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-DomestiC 
No 
Kushner, Murray 00000100705 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
Non-Funded Accounts 
12/2 
1/1988 Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. 
00000456209 
George Zahringer 
2015 
Non-
Funded Accounts 4/3/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVE 
High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
Past-Due Exp 
Client Since Date 
Offshore Account Open Date 
Tim MacGuire 
2015 
, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Vrablic 
2015 
, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
Retail 
Jacoby 
Retail 
Jacoby 
Banking < $25 
COVERAGE-Dom 
Banking < $25 
COVERAGE-Dom 
EFTA01398749
--- PAGE 10 ---
RAGE-Domestic 
No 
Rein, LLC 
00000471893 
David Rodin 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Denmar, LLC 
00000471894 
David Rodin 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Ario, LLC 
00000476062 
David Rodin 
2015 
Non-Funded Accounts 
8/24/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
FDEG Family Limited Partnership 00000439358 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
Force Exempt 
8/24/2009 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Leto, LLC 
00000472507 
David Rodin 
2015 
Force Exempt 
3/14/2012 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
CGK 2011 Annuity Trust 00000472793 
David Rodin 
2015 
Force Exempt 
3/15/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
TCW Enterprises LLC 
00000474015 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Force Exempt 
5/15/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Hestianic Holdings, LLC 00000474023 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Winklevoss Capital Fund, LLC 
00000474068 
Joanne Jensen 
Non-Funded Accounts 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Non-Funded Accounts 
2/2/2012 
No 
2/2/2012 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Force Exempt 
5/15/2012 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
2015 
Force Exempt 
5/17 
/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Antonine Investments LLC 
00000474081 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Force Exempt 
5/18 
/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Hadrian Investments LLC 00000474084 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Force Exempt 
5/18/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Winklevoss Capital Management LLC 
00000474107 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Force Exempt 
5/21/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-DomestiC 
No 
Nina Holdings LLC 
00000474714 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
EFPRP Investments LLC 
00000474838 
David Rodin 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Heraclean Holdings LLC 00000475408 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
CW Crimson Trust 
00000478206 
Joanne Jensen 
2015 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
The Mao Charitable Remainder Unitrust 
00000236057 
Russell Daulton 2015 
11/30/2003 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
MJX, LLC 
00000415485 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
6/25/2007 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Sea Change Foundation 
00000418125 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
5/8/2008 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Franco, Isaac S. 
00000418627 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
7/18/2008 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
The Nagel Family Living Trust 
00000423815 
Deirdre Judge 
2015 
10/20/2008 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
FF Property Management, LLC 
00000441355 
John Marson 
2015 
12/7/2009 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
The Roger William Norman Trust 00000459676 
Patricia Bennett 
2015 
3/22/2011 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
NF Airport Spectrum Investors LP 
00000469638 
Deirdre Judge 
2015 
1/11/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Paparoni, Cesar 00000471993 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
2/17/2012 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Estate of Florence A. DeGeorge 00000474025 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
6/1/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
VannaRae, LLC 
00000474696 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
6/25/2012 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
NF Marina, LP 
00000477716 
Deirdre Judge 
2015 
10/9/2012 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
ASEAN China Investment Fund L.P 00000477766 
Malcolm Kimble 2015 
10/25/2012 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
CIP Five Holdings, Ltd 00000478177 
George Zahringer 
2015 
11/16/2012 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
AL Infinity, LLC 
00000478655 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
11/8/2012 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
NO 
IDL Wheel Tenant, LLC 
00000478687 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
11/16/2012 
Kim Hart, An 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
No 
Force Exempt 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Force Exempt 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Force Exempt 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Force Exempt 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
8/17/2012 
NO 
7/10/2012 
NO 
7/6/2012 
NO 
12/17/2012 
NO 
EFTA01398750
--- PAGE 11 ---
Acct Opening 
Case Number 
Customer Name 
Created By 
Opened Date 
Product Description 
Exception Ex 
pires 
Created Alias 
Escalation Manager 
Silo 
Reason for Exception 
Fax Copies Exception 
Days Overdue 
01175721 
107227 Canada Inc 
Janet Sible 
1/8/2014 
IA 
ABR- Please vett the 
signors with W-8 Ben for approval. NAO Case* 7306319 (FOR ADVISOR SELECT IA ACC) KYCf 1156121 Conte 
ct: Janet Sible 312-952-9280 New ADVISOR SELECT account - Manager Clearbridge 
1/22/2014 
PB S 
-CH 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Temp 
orary exception granted for the DB corporate resolutions. E-mail is attached 
333 
01250909 
9800 La Cienega, LLC 
Mayra Fonseca 
6/30/2014 
Business Checking 
ABR 
pls approve the case with approved W-9 Thanks Please open new money market KYC 1236985 NAO 8128595 R 
eserved Account Number- 42956211 Thank you. 
7/22/2014 
PB S-LA Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
This case has been given temporary exception 
for two Weeks for W-9 Tax form by Vaishali-p Mehta. 
204 
01385497 
MK Acquisition LLC 
Carol Meister 
4/22/2015 
Banking Online-No KYC f 0138 
4513 NAO 4 9459820 Carol Meister 212-454-0022 ***PLEASE DISREGARD THE INTERNET BANKING SERVICES Link 
to exsisting online relationship. It does not pertain to this client.**** ***PLEASE SEE EXCEPTION T 
O OPEN ACCOUNT ATTACHED 
4/29/2015 
PB S-NY Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, 
Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
week exception for signature card 
01244488 
Gummy HR, LLC 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
6/16/2014 
Please vett the signers with 
W-9 approval. DDA Account Type - 10 APY - 0.00% MMDA Account Type - 65 Interest Plan - 129 APY - 0. 
20% KYC 01242729 NAO 8045240 RUSH CASE: Reserved account numbers are 42956019 and 44131512. Please e 
mail cynthia.rodriguezfdb.com once these account are officially opened. Thank you. 
7/16/2014 
PB S-NY Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE-Domestic 
Plea 
se approve with temporary exception of 30 days as per the email so we can track the originals 
208 
01287301 
Heinz Eppler Life Insurance Trust 1993 Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
9/30/2014 
ABR 
pls Vett the signor with approve W-9. Thanks Please open a checking account for Eppler Life Insuranc 
e Trust U/A/D 09/14/93. KYC Case -- 01284216 NAO Case -- 8554143 Please email anna-sofiya.lupolover 
with Account I as soon as it is completed. 
10/14/2014 
PB S-NY Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE-Domestic 
week temporary exception is approved for o 
ur standard letter to be signed by the Trustee and the Limited Agents, to be provided by Tammy N 
144 
EFTA01398751

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398752.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398752.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: May 2016 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Wed, 04 May 2016 15:26:05 -0400 
To: Armen Brash <M
I>, 
Andrew Gallivan a>, 
Michael S Jacoby 
>, 
Lee Flutter 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta a> 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
ACUs w/Mat Changes* 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 1 
8 
Moderate 2 5 22 29 
Low 1 1 10 12 
* 28 are pending AML Compliance's review 
Overdue Temporary Exceptions 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 2 15 1 18 
Moderate 1 1 1 3 
Low 1 
Overdue High Risk in Person Meetings 32 
Office 0-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Total 
Los Angeles 1 1 4 6 
High 1 
Moderate 
3 
Low 
1 2 
New York 1 5 20 26 
High 
6 
Moderate 
10 15 
Low 1 
5 
San Francisco 2 15 17 
High 
1 
Moderate 2 9 11 
Low 
5 
EFTA01398752
--- PAGE 2 ---
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 60 Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 I Email 
EFTA01398753

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398754.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398754.pdf
----------------------------------------
report1406915162977 1 
Days Overdue 
Customer Owner 
* Moderate Risk 
234 
DBAB 
ers II, LLC 
DBAB 
g Cerone 
DBAB 
g Cerone 
DBAB 
n Colby Theresa 
DBAB 
u/w Edna Rosenb 
DBAB 
w Edna Rosenber 
DBAB 
Edna Rosenberg 
DBAB 
t u/w Edna Rose: 
DBAB 
Trust dtd Octo 
DBAB 
Markets Debt Fu 
114 
DBAB 
Lawrence O'Neil 
DBAB 
Seth We 
DBAB 
Seth Wernick 
DBAB 
O 
Todd Kings 
Alexandro Ampudia 
rnational Assurance 
Ana Brillembourg 
pany Limited 
Antonio Braun 
Brian Burckhard 
Cathy Carneiro 
Cindy L. Loudenslager 
Cindy L. Loudenslager 
Trust 
Cindy L. Loudenslager 
Hull 
113 
Dan Peterson 
esimir 0 
104 
Dan Peterson 
O 
104 
Dan Peterson 
104 
104 
GCIS Customer Number 
Product Officer 
FE INVESTMENTS PARTNERS II, LLC RELATIONSHIP 
Barry Garber 
Liz Fitzgerald 
LASSER, JOAN RELATIONSHIP 
WEISS, RUTH RELATIONSHIP 
YADEGAR, SASAN RELATIONSHIP 
Relationship 
Customer Name 
* High Risk 
FE Investments Partn 
Lasser, Joan 
Crai 
Weiss, Ruth 
Crai 
Yadegar, Sasan 
Dyla 
EDNA ROSENBERG TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
James F Martin Josh Rosen 
EDNA ROSENBERG TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
James F Martin Josh Rosen 
EDNA ROSENBERG TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
James F Martin Josh Rosen 
EDNA ROSENBERG TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
James F Martin Josh Rosen 
ALGONQUIN ADVISORS LLC RELATIONSHIP 
Ernest 
James Zahringer Josh Rosen 
FH EMERGING MARKETS DEBT FUND, L.P. RELATIONSHIP 
Jerry Aroneo 
Josh Rosen 
BURWEN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Burwen, David M. 
CENTRE PARTNERS 
ele-M Quattrocchi 
CENTRE PARTNERS 
attrocchi 
GORDON, MICHAEL 
ey 
Brenda Guerrier 
Dan Peterson 
Dan Peterson 
e Limited 
Dan Peterson 
k (Cayman) Limited 
113 
Dan Peterson 
Daniela 0 
Dan Peterson 
Gerardo 
Dan Peterson 
uis 
Dan Peterson 
483 
Deirdre Judge 
538 
Deirdre Judge 
Deirdre Judge 
O 
Edie Murphy 
O 
Eva Pace 
Henrique 
Eva Pace 
Eva Pace 
O 
Eva Pace 
li Viana 
RELATIONSHIP 
RELATIONSHIP 
RELATIONSHIP 
Maurice Rosenberg GST Trust 
Peter Rosenberg Jr. Trust u/ 
Maurice Rosenberg Trust u/w 
Peter Rosenberg Jr. GST Trus 
C Dempsey Irrevocable 
FH Emerging 
Centre Capital Investors III LP 0 
Centre Partners IV LP 
Ellen Gittel Gordon Trust 
LOMBARD INTL ASSURANCE RELATIONSHIP 
Lombard Inte 
AMERICAN TRADE INTL LTD RELATIONSHIP 
Magna Re Com 
ANGOITIA NORIEGA RELATIONSHIP 
Bryce Canyon Unit Trust 0 
SELLERS, R. SCOTT RELATIONSHIP Sellers, R. Scot 
STILES, LON RELATIONSHIP 
Stiles, 
BENDHEIM, JOHN M RELATIONSHIP 
HULL, PHILIP G RELATIONSHIP 
HULL, PHILIP G RELATIONSHIP 
GLOBAL SECURITIES SERVICIOS RELATIONSHIP 
Gail S. 0 
Bendheim Et Al 0 
Hull Credit Shelter 
Estate of Philip G. 
Jerkovic, Kr 
PEGASO ADVISORY RELATIONSHIP 
Pegaso Advisory Group Inc. 
CDV INVESTMENTS RELATIONSHIP 
Nebreda, Jorge Luis 
FLO S.A. RELATIONSHIP 
FLO S.A. 
GLOBAL CAPTIVE MANAGEMENT LTD RELATIONSHIP 
DCB Insuranc 
DEUTSCHE BANK (CAYMAN) LIMITED RELATIONSHIP 
Deutsche Ban 
AMARANTUS BUSINESS S.A RELATIONSHIP 
Huiza Blanco, Maria 
AMARANTUS BUSINESS S.A RELATIONSHIP 
Huiza Castellanos, L 
PEGASO ADVISORY RELATIONSHIP 
Rabinovich, Mario 
CDV INVESTMENTS RELATIONSHIP 
Toledo Aparicio, Jose 
KECK, FRAN RELATIONSHIP Keck, Francesca 0 
CARDENAS, DANIEL RELATIONSHIP 
Cacev, Inc. 
LAINER, NAHUM RELATIONSHIP 
Blackacre Investments, GP 
BEERS, DOROTHEA RELATIONSHIP 
Dorothea Beers Living Trust 
LA PLACE LTD RELATIONSHIP 
Hirsch de Merlo Bessa, Diego 
RACER CORP RELATIONSHIP Perspective Associates Inc 
DECASTRO, CARLOS RELATIONSHIP 
Decastro, Carlos Infante 
WESTPORT CAPITAL INV RELATIONSHIP 
Luiz Francisco Novel 
EFTA01398754
--- PAGE 2 ---
Eva Pace 
Hildegarde Berrios 
Joanne Jensen 
Joanne Jensen 
tein, ULWT of James Patrick Rothstein, 
Jose L. Llamas 
Jose Santamaria 
igno Maldonado, Alejand 
Jose Santamaria 
SA 
Jose Santamaria 
Joshua Frank 
ce Trust 
Josie Alonso 
105 
Leo Bresnahan 
435 
Leo Bresnahan 
Marion L. Stewart Revoc 
122 
Leo Bresnahan 
Leo Bresnahan 
ONLY QTIP, GST EXEMPT 
Leo Bresnahan 
Leo Bresnahan 
Liz Payne 
ily Trust 
Louis Green 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm 
2013 
Malcolm 
Inc. 
Malcolm 
nc. 
Mauricio Pretelt 
Mauricio Pretelt 
Mauricio Pretelt 
296 
Michele-M Quattrocchi 
It 
■ 
Nicolas Rueda 
Ron Colonna 
Union 0 
Theresa Romano 
KULICKE AND SOFFA 
Kulicke and Soffa Global Holdin Corporation
Theresa Romano 
KOHLBERG FOUNDATION INC 
estors LLC 
Vincent Commisso 
All Overdue ACUs 
Copyright (c) 2000-2014 salesforce.com, inc. All 
Confidential Information - Do Not Distribute 
Generated By: Melisa Venegas 8/1/2014 1:46 PM 
Deutsche Bank Private Bank 
For internal use only 
Kimble 
Kimble 
Kimble 
Mauricio Pretelt 
HOLANDA RELATIONSHIP 
HOLANDA, FERNANDO 
TIFFANY & CO. RELATIONSHIP 
Tiffany and Company 
WASSERMAN, ALAN RELATIONSHIP 
140-154 W. 72 Realty LLC 
RESNICK, SCOTT RELATIONSHIP 
deceased 0 
DIAZ TORRE RELATIONSHIP Aja Sainz Trapaga, Maria Elena 1 
Trust FBO John Patrick Roths 
FERRIGNO MALDONADO, ALEJANDRO MARTIN RELATIONSHIP 
Ferr 
CORRAL DE LA MORERIA SA RELATIONSHIP 
Corral de la Moreria 
SOBERON RELATIONSHIP 
Lofeso Trust 
OBERMAN, JOHN RELATIONSHIP 
John L. Oberman Life Insuran 
ROIG, GUIL RELATIONSHIP Roig Alfaro, Rosa Vilmarie 
KRISILOFF, B RELATIONSHIP 
THE MARION L. STEWART REVOCABLE 
PEZZA, JOSEPH P. RELATIONSHIP 
PROSSER/GIFFORD 
PROSSER/GIFFORD 
PROSSER/GIFFORD 
RELATIONSHIP 
RELATIONSHIP 
RELATIONSHIP 
Beverly Hamada Trust 
TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
The 
Pezza, Joseph P. 
Shirley M. Gifford Trust MA 
Shirley M Gifford Trust 0 
Prosser Gifford Trust 
LANE, MARJORIE DAVIS RELATIONSHIP 
Marjorie D. Lane Fam 
BACKUS, DANA RELATIONSHIP 
Rankin, Mary Louise B. 0 
GALESI, FRANCESCO RELATIONSHIP Rotterdam Ventures 
REGAS, FRIEDA RELATIONSHIP 
Regas McEvoy, Stephanie 0 
REGAS, FRIEDA RELATIONSHIP 
McEvoy Trust dtd August 23, 
GALESI, FRANCESCO RELATIONSHIP Northeastern Industrial Park 
GALESI, FRANCESCO RELATIONSHIP Washington Avenue Ventures I 
GALVAO, PEDRO RELATIONSHIP 
Galvao, Pedro 
AVANTE RELATIONSHIP 
Avante FG Ltd. 0 
MARTEL INC RELATIONSHIP Ivason International Limited 
MARTEL INC RELATIONSHIP Martel Inc 
DEUTSCH KLAGSBRUN RELATIONSHIP Estate of Herbert Ho 
KOSTIC, BORIS RELATIONSHIP 
Kostic, Boris 
AMERICAN GEOPHYSICAL RELATIONSHIP 
American Geophysical 
GLOBAL HOLDING CORPORATION RELATIONSHIP 
RELATIONSHIP 
KISCO Tax Exempt Inv 
JEANNE L MCROBERTS RELATIONSHIP Budd, Elaine R 0 
rights reserved. 
EFTA01398755

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398756.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398756.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Oct - 2017 AML/KYC Escalation Re orts [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Mon, 06 Nov 2017 17:30:47 -0500 
To: Andrew Gallivan dfl, 
Michael S Jacob 
, 
Lee Flutter 
Mark LaRoe 
Armen Brash .ca. 
Cc: zia Memon dc
g,
Patrick Harris •:
>, 
Sheffali Welch 
Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
Teresa Metallo 
Lisa-M Ramos ‹
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Attached is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and coming due 
items. Please review and address accordingly. 
§ High Risk in Person Meetings Past Due: 36 
§ Overdue Temporary Exceptions: 13 
Thank you, 
{cid:image003.gif@OlD2E8FA.C574F450} 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th FL, New York, NY, USA 
{phone} +1 (212) 250-1493 
{grey_new_seo-14-512} 
EFTA01398756

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398757.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398757.pdf
----------------------------------------
US-Onshore_HRIPM_Due2017 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
lanation 
Bank 
Auto Exem t Reason 
Client Since Date 
Hernstadt, Edward W. 
Liz Payne 
2017 
3/20/1985 
Marriott, Stephen Blake 
Big River Real Estate, 
Zisook Enterprises L.P. 
Allen, Paul Gardner 
KKR Holdings, LP 
Schwartz, Alan E. 
Sunbridge Holdings, LLC 
Fertitta Entertainment, Inc. 
The 2012 Diana L. Mercer Family GST 
9/26/2012 
Coalition for a Better Kansas, 
Charles G. Koch 1997 Trust 
1998 Simons Family Revocable Trust 
Guardian Investment Company Ltd. 
Atlas Real Estate Funds, Inc.
Terri Sohr 
17 
The 2000 Robert and Laura Sillerman Descendants' Trust
Terri 
9/15/2008 
Infinity Equity Ventures LLC 
Desnick Descendants Irrevocable Trust 
/2014 
Jordan Desnick Minority Trust 
Michelle Desnick Minority Trust dtd 8/14/89 
9/16/2014 
American Entertainment Properties Corp. 
/2014 
The ABEN Liquidating Trust 
Icahn Enterprises Holdings. LP 
Stallion 44, LLC 
Perpetual Aviation, LLC 
IL MULINO USA, LLC 
LW 12th Street Holding, LLC 
Infinity LW 
CCI Onshore LLC 
Comsup Ltd. 
Comsup Commodities Inc 
Icahn Management LP 
Koala Holding Limited 
/2008 
Desnick, Ahuva 
Gaston Partners 
CLAWSON, CURTIS J 
The James and Debbie Ch 
3075 Wilshire, LLC 
Noah B. Mamet Revocable Trust 
A-GRADE INVESTMENTS II LLC 
Antelope Insurance Company, Inc. 
Julianna Eva Pyott Trust est 06/20/2014 
David E.I. Pyott Trust dtd 04/18/2014 
Gemini IP, LLC 
en 
AFSF II AIV Investors - D L.P 
Joanne Jensen 
Blackstone Property Partners L.P. 
IIIIIIIIiiinne
rust 
Blackstone Property Partners Lower Fund 1 L.P. 
0/2014 
AFSF II AIV-D LP 
Tyler Winklevoss Family Exchange Trust 
Cameron Winklevoss Family Exchange Trust 
3/2014 
Do It Again, LLC 
Joanne 
Bee's Center Fi 
Joanne 
LHRB LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
Arbiter Special pportun t es Fund II LP 
/2014 
Arbiter Special Opportunities Fun I LP 
Casterlirock Holdings, LLC 
Zelenko-Kuller, Jill 
Winklevoss, Tyler 
Winklevoss, Cameron 
East 64th Street, LLC 
EDF LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
Jolli Four, LLC 
Joanne Jensen 
Hymowitz, Gregg 
Joanne Jensen 
WS Paley 68 Prmry Tr SC Burden III Et Al 
/2014 
WS Paley 68 Suppl Tr SC Burden III Et Al 
/2014 
Joanne 
Joanne 
Joanne 
Jensen 
Jensen 
2017 
Brian Convey 
2017 
Brian Convey 
2017 
Michael S. Jacoby 
2017 
Russell Daulton 2017 
Michael King 
2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2017 
olm Kimble 2017 
Malcolm Kimble 2017 
00000477782 
Mary 
Past-Due Exp 
8/20/2013 
12/31/2007 
10/7/2014 
12/8/2009 
5/13/2014 
6/4/2014 
6/27/2013 
4/23/2012 
Ann Coleman 
2017 
Bruce McDermott 2017 
7/29/2009 
Bruce McDermott 2017 
8/7/2014 
Terri 5ohrab 
2017 
12/15/2014 
Terri 5ohrab 
2017 
6/27/2011 
12/23/2008 
Sohrab 
2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
Rosemar Vrablic 
2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Rosemary Vrablic 
11/26/2014 
10/3 
9/16/2014 
2017 
2017 
8/15 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
6/26/2014 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
3/27/2014 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
3/12/2013 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
9/6/2011 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
6/29/2011 
■ 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
6/17/2011 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
6/17/2011 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
12/11/2008 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
4/20/2009 
■ 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
8/24/2009 
Rosemar Vrablic 
2017 
3/14/2008 
Partnership 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
7/29/2014 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2017 
11/10/2006 
2/21 
2017 
1/24/2003 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
6/27/2014 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
11/8/2013 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
2/13/2013 
' dre Judge 
2017 
11/15/2011 
Deirdre Judge 
2017 
12/29/2009 
Jake Block 
2017 
9/10/2014 
Jake Block 
2017 
9/10/2014 
12/17/2014 
2017 
Jensen 
2017 
12/5/2014 
11/20/2014 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
11/2 
2017 
12/5/2014 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
10/23/2014 
10/2 
2017 
12/5/2014 
2017 
11/20/2014 
11/20/2014 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
9/25 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
9/25/2014 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
4/16/2014 
Jensen 
2017 
10/21/2014 
Jensen 
2017 
5/29/2012 
Jensen 
2017 
5/29/2012 
Joanne Jensen 
2017 
7/18/2011 
11/21/2011 
2017 
12/20/2010 
2017 
12/14/2010 
Rachel Maglicic 2017 
2/25 
Rachel Maglicic 2017 
2/26 
EFTA01398757
--- PAGE 2 ---
Batmasian, James H. 
Rachel Maglicic 2017 
3/8/2013 
Profile Property Trust 
8"Microsoft Sans Serif,Bold"For 
Susan Moffat 
2017 
internal use only 
8/7/2009 
EFTA01398758
--- PAGE 3 ---
US-Onshore_HRIPM_PastDue 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
Past-Due Exp 
lanation 
Bank 
Auto Exem t Reason 
Client Since Date 
Budinger, William M. 
Terrence Tangney 
2004 
5/30/2001 
STB Holdings L.P. 
iilliacoby 
2016 
9/26/2013
Marjorie S Daitch Revocable Trust 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2016 
7/22 
/2013 
John L. Loeb Associates, 
5/9/2013 
Loeb Jr, John 
Smith, Robert 
Donaldson, William H. 
GNLC Holdings, Inc. 
Fertitta, Tilman 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Rebekah Mercer 
2016 
7/3/2013 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o 
eman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o 
eman 
2016 
3 2013 
Meritage Group LP 
Terri 
GoldenTree SG GP LLC 
Terri 
GT NM GP LLC 
Terri Sohrab 
GOLDENTREE REINVESTMENT 
GoldenTree GTIS SPV LLC 
Terri 
GOLDENTREE SPC LLC 
Terri 
GoldenTree Asset Management (Ireland) Limited 
/2010 
GTAM Allied LLC 
GoldenTree Leverage Loan 
GoldenTree Leverage Loan 
GTIS REOF I SPONSOR LLC 
GTAM Opportunities, LLC 
GoldenTree Credit Opportunities GP LLC 
GoldenTree Capital Partners, LLC 
Zappala, Joseph 
Levitt Jr., Arthur 
MARY ELIZABETH BUNZEL 2009 
1/10/2013 
Bunzel, Mary 
Bunzel, Maxwell 
Bunzel, Eli 
Erica P Terpstra Irrev Trust 
Plan D, LLC 
JEGE, LLC 
MST TRUST dtd 03/13/2000 
Z"Microsoft Sans Serif,Bold"For 
Inc. Employee Pension Plan 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2016 
Salvatore E. Moore 
1995 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Malcolm Kimble 2015 
Malcolm Kimble 2015 
ne 
IRREVOCABLE 
Terri Sohrab 
Manager LLC 
GP LLC 00000420547 
Terri 
Jennifer L. Mercer 
Heather Sue Mercer 
Sohrab 
2006 
Sohrab 
2016 
2016 
Terri 
Sohrab 
2015 
Sohrab 
2013 
2013 
Terri 
Sohrab 
Salvatore E. Moore 
3/27/2013 
4/14/1992 
2013 
6/24/2003 
11/20/2013 
12/31/2012 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2016 
Mary Ann Col 
Mary Ann Col 
12/12/2014 
11/13/2013 
6/27/2013 
Sohrab 
2015 
12/17/2012 
6/21/2012 
1/19/2011 
Terri Sohrab 
2013 
8/19 
10/6/2010 
Terri Sohrab 
2011 
12/16/2008 
Sohrab 
2011 
5/23/2008 
2009 
2/15/2007 
2009 
12/8/2006 
Terri Sohrab 
2009 
12/8/2006 
Terri Sohrab 
2009 
12/8/2006 
Jensen 
2016 
4/17/2013 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
12/22/2009 
TRUST UAD 09/11/09 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
Rachel Maglicic 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
Susan Moffat 
internal use only 
1/8/2013 
1/15/2013 
9/4/2013 
2011 
4/17/2003 
10/18/2013 
10/18/2013 
2016 
12/4/2000 
EFTA01398759
--- PAGE 4 ---
US-Onshore_TempExceptDue 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Due in 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
Days Overdue 
MSR 
Silo 
01818861 
La Mesa Homes, LLC 
Client 
Dan Gray 
11/1 
8/2017 The standard 90 days temporary exception for executed trust agreement, TIN, and date of inco 
rporation has been granted for this KYC. 
russell daulton -17 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, 
Michael J. Davis.MI h l Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01840031 
Dina Wind Art Foundation 
Client 
Terrence Tan 
gney 
11/23/2017 
days exception approved by Compliance for the IRS exemption letter 
Andr 
ew F Gallivan 
-22 
ArmenBrash,AndrewGalivan,MichaelJ. Davis
Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01684903 
Fanjul, Alfonso Prospect 
IIIIIIIIIII 
Oti Roberts 
12/2 
0/2017 EXTENDED -- The standard 90 days temporary exception for executed trust agreement, TIN, and 
date of incorporation has been granted for this KYC. 60 days extension approved on 3/21/17. 
-49 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01740136 
Barrack, Jr., Thomas J. Client 
Susan Moffat 
12/1 
/2017 
Lee Huter 
-30 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-O 
nshore 
01783091 
Leslie W Davies Revocable Trust of 1988 U/A DTD 9/1/1988 
Clie 
nt 
Michael King 
11/15/2017 
Please see email attached for Temporary Exce 
ption for Client meeting 
Michael Jacoby -14 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
$"Microsoft Sans Serif,Bold"For internal use only 
EFTA01398760
--- PAGE 5 ---
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
US-Onshore_impExcptOver 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic (All Overdue) 
11/1/2017 
Queue 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
Days Overdue 
MSR 
Silo 
01819456 
Batmasian, Marta 
Client 
Rachel Maglicic 2/28 
/2017 
To monitor ongoing litigation. 246 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01755879 
Capital University 
Client 
Terrence Tangney 
5/26/2017 
EXCEPTION HAS BEEN EXTENDED 30-day temp exception for full KYC info in compliance wi 
th updated policy 
159 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-O 
nshore 
01758071 
Durwood Wilmot Ringo Revocable Trust 
Client 
Terr 
ence Tangney 
42881 
EXCEPTION HAS BEEN EXTENDED TE to complete all the fields in the KYC profile 
including the Volcker flag. 
159 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
y 
US-Onsh 
01758149 
ir 
Patricia Louise Ringo Revocable Trust 
Client 
Terr 
ence Tangney 
42881 
EXCEPTION HAS BEEN EXTENDED TE to complete all the fields in the KYC profile 
including the Volcker flag. 
159 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
Y 
US-Onshore 
01772858 
J & L Family LP Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
6/25 
/2017 
Temporary exception approved for 30 days to obtain a updated and clear signatory list from 1 
919 Investment Counsel 129 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-O 
nshore 
01802177 
BENJAMIN F BAILAR TRUST Client 
Terrence Tangney 
8/28/2017 
Temporary exception to collect beneficiaries' information required in the new policy 
. Exception will clear upon closure of the account. 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael 
J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
US-Onshore 
01774886 
Limestone Partners 
Client 
Andrea Nicoletti 
42979 
Kerry (LPOA)'s summary of civil suits. 61 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael JacoliiiiiiiiiiiOnshore 
01813239 
Tradelnvest Financial Holdings Ltd 
Client 
Terr 
i Sohrab 
9/8/2017 
CRP 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
01772929 
Rachel Maglicic 
Armen B 
01795534 
Brian Convey 
executed document. 
nshore 
01752644 
Batmasian, Marta 
Client 
/2017 
Monitoring of ongoing litigation. 
Armen Bras , 
Erica P. Terpstra Revocable Trust 
Prospect 
90-day exception for tax ID number and executed trust agreement. 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
The John V. Gibson Revocable Trust for Jessica Gibson 
Client 
10/5/2017 
Standard 90-day exception for TIN, inception date and fully-
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-O 
An
s, Michael Jacoliiiiiiiiiiiinshore 
01795679 
Spencer Family GRAT C 
Client 
0/2017 standard 90-day temp exception for executed trust document/TIN 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01813809 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund I 
Joanne Jensen 
10/31/2017 
Borrowers' resolution 
Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
&"Microsoft Sans Serif,Bold"For internal use only 
Rachel Maglicic 10/6 
rew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
Liz Payne 
10/1 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
I L.P. Prospect 
Armen Brash, Andrew Gal van,
EFTA01398761
--- PAGE 6 ---
Acct Opening Exceptions 
Case Number 
Customer Name 
Opened Date 
Description 
Exception Expires 
Reason for E 
xception 
Fax Copies Exception 
Days Overdue 
01823138 
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP 
8/31/2017 
temporary exception on the C 
RP for Goldentree Asset Management UK LLP 
9/19/2017 
temporary exception on the CRP for G 
oldentree Asset Management UK LLP 
01754160 
BPP F.1 DE Viking 3 LP 3/23/2017 
day exception for CRP for the following a 
ccounts: BPP F.1 DE Viking LP (Contributing) 42966962 BPP F.1 DE Viking LP (Operating) 42966970 BPP 
F.1 DE Viking 2 LP (Contributing) 42966989 BPP F.1 DE Viking 2 LP (Operating) 42966997 BPP F.1 DE Vi 
king 3 LP (Contributing) 42967009 BPP F.1 DE Viking 3 LP (Operating) 42967017 BPP F.1 DE Viking 4 LP 
(Contributing) 42967041 BPP F.1 DE Viking 4 LP (Operating) 42967068 BPP F.2 DE Viking LP (Contribut 
ing) 42967076 BPP F.2 DE Viking LP (Operating) 42967498 BPP F.2 DE Viking 2 LP (Contributing) 429670 
BPP F.2 DE Viking 2 LP (Operating) 42967092 BPP F.2 DE Viking 3 LP (Contributing) 42967105 BPP F. 
DE Viking 3 LP (Operating) 42967113 
4/21/2017 
day CRP exception for 18 entities 
142 
01443412 
Axia Realty, LLC 
8/21/2015 
ABR, Please vett the signers and approve the 
case with W-9 Please open a checking account for Axia Realty, LLC. There is alread a mone market 
account opened for this entity. KYC: 01352638 NAO: 10157045 Please email 
m with the account 4 once the account is opened. Thank you. 
9/8/2015 
Updated LLC Resoluta. 
on 
565 
S"Microsoft Sans Serif,Bold"For internal use only 
EFTA01398762

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398763.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398763.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Oldfield [I] 
From: Daphne Cales 
Date: Tue, 03 Oct 2017 14:15:27 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan <
Classification: For internal use only 
FYI ... I'll forward once I get it. I forgot to cc you. 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Daphne Cales 
Sent: Tuesday, October 03, 2017 1:57 PM 
• 
• 
< 
; Adrienne Bull 
Subject: FW: Oldfield [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hey ladies, 
EFTA01398763
--- PAGE 2 ---
Steward Oldfield was asking about his one HR KYC outstanding but I don't see 
it. All I have is his moderates. Please confirm. 
GCIS Customer Number 
RISK 
Customer Name 
* Type 
Client Since Date 
Relationship Customer Number 
Relationship 
Customer Owner 
KYC Update Due Date Month-Year 
FO Submission Due Date 
Active Accounts 
(as of 19SEP17) 
Rel CBV (as of 6/30/17) 
Small Relationship 
Assigned support person 
Create KYC Update in System 
Submitted to FO HR: 1112 
MR: 244 
DBF Case # 
Comments 
409100 
HIGH 
Black, Leon D. 
EFTA01398764
--- PAGE 3 ---
Individual 
4/17/2014 
483288 
ELYSIUM MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
9/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
< $2 mm 
Priscilla Lewis 
Completed 
Completed 
1822196 
Under $2MM; requested to keep 
442098 
HIGH 
Lindemann, Adam M. 
Individual 
2/1/2010 
427075 
LINDEMANN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
9/15/2017 
0.15 
EFTA01398765
--- PAGE 4 ---
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Michelle Baptiste 
Completed 
Completed 
1809779 
Approved August 2017 
483883 
HIGH 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Organization 
8/26/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Jun-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
29,086,262.09 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398766
--- PAGE 5 ---
Approved August 2017 
483882 
HIGH 
Southern Financial LLC 
Organization 
8/26/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Aug-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
486426 
HIGH 
Butterfly Trust 
Organization 
1/24/2014 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398767
--- PAGE 6 ---
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1804531 
Approved September 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487199 
HIGH 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
Organization 
11/1/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398768
--- PAGE 7 ---
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1804531 
Approved September 2017 
487219 
HIGH 
Plan D, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487223 
EFTA01398769
--- PAGE 8 ---
HIGH 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
Organization 
11/1/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1791049 
Approved July 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487225 
HIGH 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01398770
--- PAGE 9 ---
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487244 
HIGH 
JEGE, Inc 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398771
--- PAGE 10 ---
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
487264 
HIGH 
Neptune, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790739 
Approved August 2017 
487265 
HIGH 
NES, LLC 
EFTA01398772
--- PAGE 11 ---
Organization 
11/8/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790739 
Approved August 2017 
489505 
HIGH 
222,973,649.34 
Individual 
12/13/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
EFTA01398773
--- PAGE 12 ---
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790724 
Approved July 2017 
222,973,649.34 
492732 
HIGH 
Zorro Development Corp. 
Organization 
4/25/2014 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
N/A 
N/A 
EFTA01398774
--- PAGE 13 ---
Inactive 
499760 
HIGH 
Gratitude America 
Organization 
3/3/2015 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790739 
Approved August 2017 
550331 
HIGH 
Zorro Management, LLC 
Organization 
12/20/2016 
483290 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398775
--- PAGE 14 ---
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
483289 
HIGH 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
Individual 
9/12/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398776
--- PAGE 15 ---
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
487216 
HIGH 
JEGE, LLC 
Organization 
10/18/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
499733 
EFTA01398777
--- PAGE 16 ---
HIGH 
LSJE, LLC 
Organization 
2/25/2015 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
222,973,649.34 
550868 
HIGH 
Prytanee, LLC 
Organization 
1/20/2017 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01398778
--- PAGE 17 ---
Oct-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
222,973,649.34 
n/a 
Cynthia Rodriguez 
Completed 
Completed 
1704382 
Approved January 2017 
486423 
HIGH 
Jeepers, Inc 
Organization 
9/12/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398779
--- PAGE 18 ---
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
486427 
HIGH 
J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Organization 
9/30/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790655 
Approved August 2017 
486428 
HIGH 
The Haze Trust 
Organization 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398780
--- PAGE 19 ---
9/23/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1804531 
Approved September 2017 
222,973,649.34 
487266 
HIGH 
Mort, Inc 
Organization 
11/13/2013 
483290 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
N/A 
Y 
EFTA01398781
--- PAGE 20 ---
$ 
n/a 
Darnetta Chandler-Johnson 
Completed 
Completed 
1790820 
Approved August 2017 
423157 
Moderate 
TFMG, LLC 
Organization 
8/28/2008 
409409 
TISCH FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Aug-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
< $2 mm 
Not Started 
Not Started 
222,973,649.34 
EFTA01398782
--- PAGE 21 ---
518287 
Moderate 
The George Lindemann Family Limited Partnership Series 1 
Organization 
9/28/2015 
427075 
LINDEMANN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
29,086,262.09 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
520582 
Moderate 
Kati Forsythe 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
EFTA01398783
--- PAGE 22 ---
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
Trust Client 
520548 
Moderate 
CRW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
EFTA01398784
--- PAGE 23 ---
Not Started 
Not Started 
520547 
Moderate 
GEW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
520550 
103,855,330.67 
Moderate 
EFTA01398785
--- PAGE 24 ---
Shari Wagner 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Dec-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
Not Started 
Trust Client 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cates 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cates 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
EFTA01398786
--- PAGE 25 ---
WM Americas 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Tuesday, October 03, 2017 1:50 PM 
To: Daphne Cales <daphne.cales@db.com> 
Subject: RE: Oldfield [I] 
The list we were looking at this morning shows 1 high outstanding that is 
what I was asking about 
From: Daphne Cates 
Sent: Tuesday, October 03, 2017 1:48 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan <andrew.gallivan@db.com> 
Subject: Oldfield [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Per our discussion, this is Stewart's list. As you can see they are all 
moderates. I'll have someone start these as soon as possible. 
423157 
Moderate 
TFMG, LLC 
EFTA01398787
--- PAGE 26 ---
Organization 
8/28/2008 
409409 
TISCH FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Aug-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
< $2 mm 
Not Started 
518287 
Moderate 
The George Lindemann Family Limited Partnership Series 1 
Organization 
9/28/2015 
427075 
LINDEMANN FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Sep-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
29,086,262.09 
n/a 
EFTA01398788
--- PAGE 27 ---
Not Started 
520582 
Moderate 
Kati Forsythe 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
520548 
Moderate 
CRW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
EFTA01398789
--- PAGE 28 ---
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
520547 
Moderate 
GEW 2009 LLC 
Organization 
12/9/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Nov-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
520550 
Moderate 
EFTA01398790
--- PAGE 29 ---
Shari Wagner 2014 GRAT 
Organization 
12/3/2015 
490359 
THIRD LAKE CAPITAL RELATIONSHIP 
Stewart Oldfield 
Dec-17 
10/15/2017 
Y 
$ 
103,855,330.67 
n/a 
Not Started 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cates 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cates 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
EFTA01398791
--- PAGE 30 ---
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gifl 
EFTA01398792

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398793.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398793.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: MD approval for ACUs completed for High Risk Clients [I] 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Date: Fri, 07 Apr 2017 
To: Vaishali-P Mehta < 
Classification: For internal use only 
Approved. 
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Friday, April 07, 2017 2:21 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: FW: MD approval for ACUs completed for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Andrew, 
In an effort to ensure that you have to approve only 1 email, I sent the 
below email, in hindsight I should have been more careful about not ccing 
all the Bankers on the email. I apologize for the inconvenience caused. 
However I still need the approval from you. Could you please approve the 
below High Risk ACus which were completed? 
As I mentioned in the below email, this is the last email based approval I 
will be needing from you. 
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398793
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Wednesday, April 05, 2017 12:23 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: Mark Gonzalez; Rachel Maglicic; Stewart Oldfield; Brian P Convey; Joanne 
Jensen; Jennifer Shaw; Andrea Nicoletti; Rosemary Vrablic; Mary A Coleman; 
Terrence F Tangney; Terri Sohrab 
Subject: MD approval for ACUs completed for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Dear Andrew , 
All the below ACUs were completed for High Risk clients for this month. As 
you know the new Policy now requires an MD Approval over and above the 
approval of the account owner / RM. Which means if the RM is an MD, the 
approval must come from another MD who is in their reporting line. 
In that regard, could you please approve the below ACUs? 
Annual Client Update: ID 
GCIS Customer Number 
Customer Name 
EFTA01398794
--- PAGE 3 ---
MD 
Annual Client Update: Created Date 
A14. 
A15. Client Status Update Description 
A16. 
A17. 
Customer Owner 
82744 
00000469756 
CJA Private Equity Financial Restructuring Master Fund I, L.P. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Commitments to the fund are raised from a number of sources including 
personal pension funds, financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and 
wealthy individuals. Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM No 
changes so far this year. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82747 
00000469757 
CJA Public Private Multi Manager Master Fund, L.P. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
EFTA01398795
--- PAGE 4 ---
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM There have been no changes 
for this entity this year. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82749 
00000469433 
Gapstow Capital Partners LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
Private Equity Investments-Income is derived from investment management 
fees. 
There have been no significant changes to this client's activity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82750 
00000486910 
Gapstow Community Financials Fund LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
EFTA01398796
--- PAGE 5 ---
No changes have occurred for this entity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82746 
00000469760 
Gapstow Credit & Special Situations Master Fund LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM There have been no changes in 
circumstances this year. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82748 
00000469758 
Gapstow Opportunity Master Fund, LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM Nothing has changed for this 
particular entity. 
No 
EFTA01398797
--- PAGE 6 ---
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82745 
00000469759 
Gapstow Real Estate Yield Master Fund, L.P. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM No chages have occured for 
this entity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82909 
00000486553 
Gapstow Structured Credit Master Fund LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
No changes have occurred for this entity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
EFTA01398798
--- PAGE 7 ---
82881 
00000421598 
Cabrerizo, Tom 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/14/2017 
No changes to report. 
No changes to report. Rachel spoke w/Tom Cabririzo to inform him she would 
now be handling his DB relationship. 
Yes 
No 
Rachel Maglicic 
82882 
00000500416 
Florescue Family Corporation 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/14/2017 
No changes to report. 
No changes to report. Rachel provided Barry Florescue an update on the 
recently executed swap and introduced the GSMM investment opportunity. 
Yes 
No 
Rachel Maglicic 
82925 
00000486426 
Butterfly Trust 
EFTA01398799
--- PAGE 8 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
change in beneficiaries 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82915 
00000487223 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82916 
00000487225 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
EFTA01398800
--- PAGE 9 ---
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82918 
00000487244 
JEGE, Inc 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82919 
00000487244 
JEGE, Inc 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82917 
EFTA01398801
--- PAGE 10 ---
00000487216 
JEGE, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82914 
00000489505 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82920 
00000487264 
Neptune, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
EFTA01398802
--- PAGE 11 ---
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82922 
00000487265 
NES, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82923 
00000487219 
Plan D, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01398803
--- PAGE 12 ---
82912 
00000483882 
Southern Financial LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No changes in activities. 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82913 
00000483883 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
Southern Trust Company has not changed its nature of business within the 
past year. it is still a private investment company and has no changed. 
Southern Trust is still a private investment company and has not had any 
changes 
No 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82921 
00000487199 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
EFTA01398804
--- PAGE 13 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82799 
00000462886 
Altpoint Capital Partners, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/10/2017 
They are part of the small accounts exit project.. we are planning to close 
their accounts 
There are no changes to clients employment status, health or primary 
residence. 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82798 
00000469150 
Jarero, Cristina 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/10/2017 
John Marson spoke with client re: accounts 
There are no material changes 
EFTA01398805
--- PAGE 14 ---
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82871 
00000426119 
Kestenbaum, Jacob 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Scott Prokop and Brian Convey speaks with client to review his account. 
There are no material changes 
Yes 
No 
Brian Convey 
82836 
00000420827 
Paul A Volcker Irrevocable Life Ins Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Brian Convey speaks with client quarterly to review account. 
There are no changes to client's employment status, health or primary 
residence 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
EFTA01398806
--- PAGE 15 ---
82833 
00000210143 
Paul Volcker Tr For James P. Volcker 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Brian speaks with client quarterly to review account 
There are no material changes 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82834 
00000210142 
Paul Volcker Tr For Janice Volcker Zima 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Brian Convey speaks with client quarterly to review accounts. 
There are no material changes 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82835 
00000208963 
Volcker, Paul 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
EFTA01398807
--- PAGE 16 ---
Brian Convey speaks with client quarterly to review account. 
There are no changes to client's employment status, health or primary 
residence 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82603 
00000496203 
BPP F.1 Cayman LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
The client is an AIV borrower in a credit facility for Blackstone Property 
Property Partners. 
The account holds a zero balance currently. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82601 
00000496202 
BPP F.1 DE LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
BPP F.1 DE LP is an AIV borrower under the Blackstone Property Partners 
credit facility. 
The client currently holds —$11K on deposit. 
No 
EFTA01398808
--- PAGE 17 ---
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82600 
00000496201 
BPP F.1 REIT Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
BPP F.1 REIT Inc. is an AIV borrower on the Blackstone Property Partners 
credit facility. 
The client currently holds no assets on deposit with DB. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82599 
00000496200 
BPP F.2 DE LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
BPP F.2 DE LP is an AIV borrower on a credit facility for Blackstone 
Property Partners. 
The client has a deposit account holding —$20K. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82483 
EFTA01398809
--- PAGE 18 ---
00000493007 
D & D Funding II, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
This company is a Joint Venture entity created owned 50/50 by Chris 
Diamantis and Joe Dinardo. Both Chris and Joe's wealth come from their own 
businesses and they use this company for joint ventures in various companies 
and assets. 
This entity is used solely as an investment vehicle; currently hold —$4MM 
at DB 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82431 
00000489085 
Winklevoss Index, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/27/2017 
This entity is owned by the Winklevoss brothers for private investment 
purposes. 
The account currently holds approx. $6K on deposit. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82429 
00000454155 
Wolfson Equities 
EFTA01398810
--- PAGE 19 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
2/27/2017 
Wolfson Equities is the investment arm of the Wolfson Group, a family-based 
investment and real estate company. 
The client doesn't currently have any assets with DB. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82664 
00000494254 
Windels, Catherine 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes. 
No material changes. 
No 
No 
Andrea Nicoletti 
82654 
00000493298 
Bridge Equities VI, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes. 
No material changes. Donna Snyder has retired as of 1/13/2017. 
EFTA01398811
--- PAGE 20 ---
No 
No 
Malcolm Kimble 
82655 
00000498379 
STEWART BAINUM JR. REVOCABLE TRUST 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes 
No material changes. Donna Snyder has retired as of 1/13/2017. 
No 
No 
Malcolm Kimble 
82653 
00000484974 
Sunbridge Holdings, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes. 
No material changes. Donna Snyder has retired as of 1/13/2017. 
No 
No 
Malcolm Kimble 
82629 
EFTA01398812
--- PAGE 21 ---
00000521059 
DVI PE (Mauritius) Ltd 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
The purpose of the entity is to invest in shares of private investment 
companies in India and to serve as a master fund for other existing funds. 
No material changes 
No 
No 
Mary Ann Coleman 
82560 
00000490484 
1960 East 5th Street, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82785 
00000463109 
469 Avenue S LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
EFTA01398813
--- PAGE 22 ---
no activity. This account is used to own the property at 469 Avenue S, 
Brooklyn, NY 
no activity. This account is used to own the property at 469 Avenue S, 
Brooklyn, NY 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82521 
00000520681 
AQL Hartwell LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
no changes from KYC - loan has been terminated 
no changes from KYC - loan has been terminated 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82548 
00000435801 
Community Organizations, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no material changes 
no material changes 
Yes 
EFTA01398814
--- PAGE 23 ---
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82774 
00000435801 
Community Organizations, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no material changes 
no material changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82546 
00000418627 
Franco, Isaac S. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes from KYC 
No changes from KYC 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82549 
00000435806 
EFTA01398815
--- PAGE 24 ---
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82550 
00000435806 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82775 
00000435806 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
EFTA01398816
--- PAGE 25 ---
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82779 
00000435806 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82559 
00000497510 
I Like Ike, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82562 
EFTA01398817
--- PAGE 26 ---
00000497009 
I Like Ike Kingswood, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82564 
00000478501 
Infinity AL Holdings, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82561 
00000503732 
Infinity Entertainment, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
EFTA01398818
--- PAGE 27 ---
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82553 
00000463528 
Infinity LW 12th Street, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82552 
00000443214 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398819
--- PAGE 28 ---
82740 
00000443214 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82778 
00000443214 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82547 
00000497509 
Infinity S Kingswood LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398820
--- PAGE 29 ---
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82558 
00000503731 
Infinity Sports Licensing, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes 
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82784 
00000497007 
IRE-NG 1715 E. 13th Street, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no change to KYC 
Subject property was recently leased to Target in a 10 year contract. 
Yes 
EFTA01398821
--- PAGE 30 ---
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82565 
00000472784 
Isaac Franco 2001 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82566 
00000472785 
Isaac Franco 2002 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82557 
00000472786 
EFTA01398822
--- PAGE 31 ---
Isaac Franco 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No Changes 
No Changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82776 
00000435810 
ISF Parkway LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no new changes 
no new changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82556 
00000472123 
IUC 701 Times Square LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes 
no changes 
EFTA01398823
--- PAGE 32 ---
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82742 
00000437170 
Katzoff, Gerald 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes to kyc 
no changes to kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82743 
00000437170 
Katzoff, Gerald 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes to kyc 
no changes to kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82741 
EFTA01398824
--- PAGE 33 ---
00000437167 
Katzoff, Stuart 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
There are no material changes. 
There are no material changes. 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82334 
00000463529 
LW 12th Street Holding, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/22/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from KYC 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82554 
00000464881 
MISS AMERICA PROPERTIES, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
EFTA01398825
--- PAGE 34 ---
No updates since previous update 
No updates since previous update 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82555 
00000464881 
MISS AMERICA PROPERTIES, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No updates since previous update 
No updates since previous update 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82738 
00000438525 
Nevada Land III LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes from kyc 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398826
--- PAGE 35 ---
82523 
00000520534 
Seminole Housing LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
no changes since KYC 
no changes since KYC 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82551 
00000435811 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82777 
00000435811 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398827
--- PAGE 36 ---
3/9/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82780 
00000435811 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82737 
00000437345 
SK Baseball Holdings LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes from kyc 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
EFTA01398828
--- PAGE 37 ---
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82563 
00000480796 
Stallion 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes from kyc 
no changes from kyc 
No 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82739 
00000488487 
Westbury Management Group LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes to kyc 
no changes to kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82530 
00000490083 
EFTA01398829
--- PAGE 38 ---
Fundacion Noal 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
Hildegarde Novey Kotchman inherited a piece of undeveloped land in Panama 
from her father (Robert Novey - KYC CASE # 583662). The land was sold to a 
developer who established the Santa Maria Business park. These are the 
proceeds of that sale. 
After a number of conversations we received her signed Entity Self 
Certification Form (CRP) as required for a resident of Panama. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82535 
00000490083 
Fundacion Noal 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
Hildegarde Novey Kotchman inherited a piece of undeveloped land in Panama 
from her father (Robert Novey - KYC CASE # 583662). The land was sold to a 
developer who established the Santa Maria Business park. These are the 
proceeds of that sale. 
After a number of conversations we received her signed Entity Self 
Certification Form (CRP) as required for a resident of Panama. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82459 
00000491914 
Lundberg, Fredrik 
EFTA01398830
--- PAGE 39 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
2/27/2017 
Fredrik Lundberg (born August 5, 1951) is a Swedish businessman. His father 
was Lars Erik Lundberg (1920-2001) founder of L E Lundbergf6retagen. Fredrik 
Lundberg is president and CEO of L E Lundbergf6retagen, of which he 
inherited a controlling stake from his father. He is the ninth wealthiest 
person in Sweden, according to Forbes magazine. In 1944, when Lars Erik 
Lundberg - Frederik's father - was only 24, he formed the company that was 
later to become Lundbergs in his apartment in Norrk6ping. This company 
engaged in construction operations and focused on residential building. At 
an early stage, Lars Erik Lundberg started to show an interest in investing 
in proprietary properties, having understood the value represented by 
expansion into an additional business sector, real estate management. This 
move created greater stability in the company, which could gradually reduce 
its dependence on construction operations. It is this foundation upon which 
Fastighets AB L E Lundberg?s property operations rest today. At the end of 
the 1970s, Lundbergs began to consider a further expansion of the group?s 
operations and, during the 1980s, a series of investments were made within 
new industries. Finance companies were acquired and developed, as were 
several smaller industrial companies. Investments were also made in certain 
publicly listed companies. The group?s operations became increasingly 
diversified and, during the second half of the 1980s, it was decided that 
investments outside the core area of construction and real estate operations 
would be concentrated in a limited number of publicly listed companies. In 
1983, the shares in Lundbergs, with Lars Erik Lundberg's son Fredrik 
Lundberg as President and CEO, were listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
From its original status as a wholly owned family company, the step was now 
fully taken into the glare of the public eye. However, the Lundberg family 
retained a clear majority holding in the Company. Accordingly, during its 
first 60 years, Lundbergs has developed from a construction company to an 
investment company with interests in several different areas. 
KYC was recently completed as front office noticed there was no electronic 
version to be found. No changes to report. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82595 
00000450954 
Vakirtzis, George 
EFTA01398831
--- PAGE 40 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
George Vakirtzis is Managing Director at Polembros Shipping, Limited, 
headquartered in Greece. He is also on the Board of American Steamships, 
Inc. Mr. Vakirtzis derives his income for salary/bonus, Director's fees and 
private investments. 
Discussed replacement debit card. No material changes. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82729 
00000440507 
Vernon E. Jordan, Jr. Revocable Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/7/2017 
Mr. Jordan is a Partner at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & 
Feld. He is also a Senior Managing Director at Lazard Freres. Mr. Jordan 
also remains a director on a number of corporate boards including American 
Express, J.C. Penney Corporation, Xerox, Asbury Automotive Group and the Dow 
Jones & Company. He is formerly a member of the board of directors of 
Revlon, Sara Lee, Corning and RJR Nabisco. 
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82727 
00000486896 
Vickee Jordan Adams 2013 GRAT 
Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398832
--- PAGE 41 ---
3/7/2017 
Mr. Jordan is a Partner at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & 
Feld. He is also a Senior Managing Director at Lazard Freres. Mr. Jordan 
also remains a director on a number of corporate boards including American 
Express, J.C. Penney Corporation, Xerox, Asbury Automotive Group and the Dow 
Jones & Company. He is formerly a member of the board of directors of 
Revlon, Sara Lee, Corning and RJR Nabisco. 
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82757 
00000460090 
Function(x) Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no material changes 
no changes 
No 
No 
Terri Sohrab 
82756 
00000418125 
Sea Change Foundation 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no material changes 
EFTA01398833
--- PAGE 42 ---
no material changes 
No 
No 
Terri Sohrab 
82758 
00000472894 
SFX Entertainment Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
accounts have closed as of 2/1/2016 
accounts have closed as of 2/1/2016 
No 
No 
Terri Sohrab 
Please note that this is the last month that I will be asking for these 
approvals manually, as of April we will be doing KYC updates/ Periodic 
Reviews which will require the MD signature via DB Force. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
EFTA01398834
--- PAGE 43 ---
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398835

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398836.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398836.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: February 2015 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas <
Date: Mon, 02 Mar 2015 16:35:56 -0500 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Kimberly Hart <
Ja>, 
Michael-3 Davis a, 
Michael S Jacob
Cc: Armen Brash 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly. Thank you. 
Regards, 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax.: +1 (212) 553-2397 
Email 
EFTA01398836

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398837.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398837.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: JE WT 
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Date: Mon, 29 Sep 2014 13:16:27 -0400 
To: 
Cc: 
Bella- .Please send wire instructions to my attention today. I'm in the 
office and will submit this request. Amanda will be back in the office 
tomorrow. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26348.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1(212)454-0024 
Fax +1 646 863-9871 
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26257.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/29/2014 01:08 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: JE WT to RB 
EFTA01398837
--- PAGE 2 ---
Classification: External Communication 
Not sure if someone already forwarded. Thanks 
From: bellaklein [ 
Sent: 09/29/2014 12:17 PM AST 
To: Amanda Kirby 
Cc: Margaux Mcgrath; Paul Morris; Darren Indyke 
Richard 
Kahn < 
Subject: JE WT to RB 
Please confirm, 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: September 29, 2014 at 11:49:47 AM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: scanner@hbrkassociates.com 
[attachment "SHBRK Scann14092911490.pdf" deleted by Aracely 
Sanchez/db/dbcom] 
EFTA01398838

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398839.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398839.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sheetl 
Days Overdue 
Customer 
* Moderate Risk 
Eva Pace 
Eva Pace 
Jose L. Llamas 
Roberto Mendoza 
Terrence Tangney 
322 
DBAB 
129 
DBAB 
DBAB 
1077 
DBAB 
Ltd 
DBAB 
150 
DBAB 
DBAB 
s Fund, LP 
DBAB 
411 
DBAB 
1341 
DBAB 
Terrence Tangney 
Terrence Tangney 
DBAB 
Terrence Tangney 
DBAB 
DBAB 
DBAB 
Mauricio Pretel 
Leo Bresnahan 
Deirdre Judge 
124 
1621 
200 
112 
633 
684 
391 
tion 
102 
r00 
/00 
578 
1146 
136 
Josie Alonso 
Deirdre Judge 
Joanne Propp 
Joanne Jensen 
Mauricio Pretelt 
Mauricio Pretelt 
Mauricio Pretelt 
O 
Mauricio Pretelt 
Joanne Jensen 
DBAB 
■ 
Eva Pace 
Owner GCIS Customer Number 
Relationship 
Customer Name 
■
BLUE IMAGE RELATIONSHIP Blue Image Limited 
CEPOLLINA RELATIONSHIP CEPOLLINA, ELIO 0 
VEGA, ENRIQUE OCHOA RELATIONSHIP 
Vega, Enrique 
* High Risk 
Ochoa 
VELAZQUEZ, CARIDAD RELATIONSHIP Velazquez, Caridad 
421197 HIRTLE CALLAGHAN & CO RELATIONSHIP 
Riddleberger, Eric 
FLEMING, DAVID RELATIONSHIP 
Fleming, David W. 
YADEGAR, SASAN RELATIONSHIP 
Yadegar, Sasan 0 
OZF INVESTMENTS LLC RELATIONSHIP 
OZF Investments LLC 
COTTON CREEK WASTE PARTNERS, LTD RELATIONSHIP 
Cotton Creek Waste Partners, 
ZAHRINGER, JAMES D. RELATIONSHIP 
WEISS, RUTH RELATIONSHIP 
Weiss, 
ALGONQUIN ADVISORS LLC RELATIONSHIP 
LINCAP MANAGEMENT RELATIONSHIP The Giffard Family Survivors Trust 
Zahringer, James D 
Ruth 
Algonquin Middle Market Opportunitie 
MILES, ADAM RELATIONSHIP 
Miles, Adam 
TORTO FAMILY RELATIONSHIP 
Carioca Capital Partners LLC 
HIRTLE CALLAGHAN & CO RELATIONSHIP 
Lehmann, Richard J. 
HIRTLE CALLAGHAN & CO RELATIONSHIP 
Propstra, John A. 
SELLERS, R. SCOTT RELATIONSHIP 
DWECK, RICHARD 
DGK MARITAL TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
JOHN M ARENA RELATIONSHIP 
AUFZIEN, ALAN L RELATIONSHIP 
DBAB 
FERRO, 
Mercedes Sampedro 
Joanne Jensen 
O 
Joanne Jensen 
Mauricio Pretel 
Jose Santamaria 
Roberto Mendoza 
Dan Peterson 
O 
DBAB 
STERNL 
Rosemary Vrablic 
DBAB 
JORGE 
Jorge M Perez TTEE 0 
Deirdre Judge 
German Team 
Liz Payne 
DBAB 
448963 
DBAB 
483942 
Martin Barzi 
Nicolas Rueda 
H 
Sellers, R. Scot 
RELATIONSHIP 
Benun, 
DGK Marital Trust 
Arena, John M. 0 
Aufzien Foundation Inc 
AVERSA, LUIS RELATIONSHIP 
Bedincol Sa 
KRISILOFF, B RELATIONSHIP 
Beverly Hamada Trust 
LAINER, NAHUM RELATIONSHIP 
Blackacre Investments, GP 
Barbara 0 
COMP RELATIONSHIP 
C.O.M.P Holding Inc 
CARDENAS, DANIEL RELATIONSHIP 
Carey, Inc. 
SLATER, LILLIAN RELATIONSHIP 
Claire S Wolff Trust 
UNGAR, ELI RELATIONSHIP Commonwealth Holdings I Master 
COOPER BROTHERS RELATIONSHIP 
COOPER BROTHERS RELATIONSHIP 
COOPER BROTHERS RELATIONSHIP 
DEWIOR, RAQUEL RELATIONSHIP 
DISCOVERY OPERATING RELATIONSHIP 
Tenant, LLC 
Cooper Brothers SRL 
Cooper, Andres Geofredo 0 
Cooper, Carlos David Normand 
De Wior, Raquel Brestovitzky 
Discovery Operating Inc 0 
KLAGSBRUN RELATIONSHIP Estate of Herbert Holt 0 
FERNANDEZ, SONIA RELATIONSHIP 
Fernandes, Sonia Regina Otero 
LATIONSHIP 
Ferro, Kevin 
GARZA SANTOS RELATIONSHIP 
Garza Santos, Yolanda Paola 
DAVIDSON, KENNETH S. RELATIONSHIP 
Gladys Krieble Delmas Founda 
UNGAR, ELI RELATIONSHIP Glenbrook-Frontenac Parc LLC 
1597 
GUIDI, SILVIA RELATIONSHIP 
Guidi, Silvia Berta 
HIDALGO, MARIA JOSE RELATIONSHIP 
Hidalgo, Maria Jose 
HINESTROSA, TULIO RELATIONSHIP Hinestrosa, Diego 
AMARANTUS BUSINESS S.A RELATIONSHIP 
Huiza Castellanos, Luis Gera 
ISOI
RRY RELATIONSHIP Jaws Capital Funds LLC 0
JACOBS, BRADLEY RELATIONSHIP 
JEMY 9604, LLC 0 
M. PEREZ RELATIONSHIP 
Jorge M Perez Declaration of Trust UAD 
KECK, FRAN RELATIONSHIP Keck, Francesca 
KNAUER, CARSTEN RELATIONSHIP 
Knauer, 
LANDIS, DONALD RELATIONSHIP 
Landis, 
JOAN RELATIONSHIP 
Lasser, Joan 
FLORENCE RELATIONSHIP 
Lewis, Florence 
PARNAKIEN, RAUL EDUARDO RELATIONSHIP 
04/19 
O 
Carsten 0 
Donald M. 
O 
O 
M&M Financial Services S.A. 
INFINITE LTD RELATIONSHIP 
MACHTWO Corp. 
EFTA01398839
--- PAGE 2 ---
German Team 
Eva Pace 
O 
Lina Arias 
 
German Team 
Liz Payne 
adt, Jerene Y. Herstadt 
Josie Alonso 
DBAB 
486326 
James 0 
Eva Pace 
376 
Deirdre Judge 
147 
Leo Bresnahan 
124 
Leo Bresnahan 
102 
Dan Peterson 
DBAB 
DBAB 
/12 
675 
DBAB 
DBAB 
125 
Leo Bresnahan 
P, GST EXEMPT 
Terrence Tangne 
C. 
479 
Leo Bresnahan 
2750 
Brian Convey 
oundation, Inc. 0 
Debjani Bagchi 
Debjani Bagchi 
101 
Dan Peterson 
Terrence Tangney 
Terrence Tangney 
O 
DBAB 
DBAB 
Alexandro Ampudia 
Terrence Tangney 
Terrence Tangney 
Mauricio Pretelt 
rrollo Productivo Sostenible 
102 
Ana Brillembourg 
ited 
245 
DBAB 
471877 
Roberto Mendoza 
al Limited 
Antonio Braun 
Antonio Braun 
Terrence Tangney 
DBAB 
MAN 
OMNINET 
Roberto Men oza 
For internal use only 
TTEE 
MARIHUGH, DAVID RELATIONSHIP 
Marihugh, Anne 0 
MERCOSUR INVESTMENT RELATIONSHIP 
Mercosur Investments Ltd 
MENDOZA MARISCAL, MARCOS RELATIONSHIP 
MMS Global Logistics SA de C 
MONTAGUE, ANGELA RELATIONSHIP 
Montague, Angela H.B. 
HERNSTADT, WILLIAM H RELATIONSHIP 
NYUGTMA FBO Zoe Claire Herst 
ROBLON OVERSEAS RELATIONSHIP 
OLD ROBLON OVERSEAS 
THE ELBOW TRUST, R&H TRUST (BVI) LTD AS TTEES RELATIONSHIP 
O'Shea, Paul 
FERNANDEZ, SONIA RELATIONSHIP 
PARIS VON GUTERSLOH INC. 
PERLMAN, GREG RELATIONSHIP 
Perlman Family Living Trust 
■
PEZZA, JOSEPH P. RELATIONSHIP 
Pezza, Joseph P. 
PROSSER/GIFFORD RELATIONSHIP 
Prosser Gifford Trust 
PEGASO ADVISORY RELATIONSHIP 
Rabinovich, Mario 
PAUL W. WHITE RELATIONSHIP 
Ram Island Holdings, LLC 
LEWIS, FLORENCE RELATIONSHIP 
Richard D Lewis Family Irrev Trust 
UAD 12/22 
ROMANOFF, ROB RELATIONSHIP 
ROMANOFF, ROBERT SCOTT 0 
JES 2002 GRANTOR TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
Shield-Taylor, Juliet 
PROSSER/GIFFORD RELATIONSHIP 
Shirley M. Gifford Trust MA ONLY QTI 
41373 
SHOTMEYER, ALBERT RELATIONSHIP Shotmeyer O'Brien, Kathleen 
THE CAMDEN 2012 TRUST RELATIONSHIP 
The Camden 2012 Trust 
WINGATE, DAVID A RELATIONSHIP 
The David A. and Shoshanna Wingate F 
PALMER, TIM RELATIONSHIP 
The Lynne Palmer Trust of 1995 0 
PALMER, TIM RELATIONSHIP 
The Tim R. Palmer Trust of March 199 
CDV INVESTMENTS RELATIONSHIP 
Toledo Aparicio, Jose 
■
HIRTLE CALLAGHAN S CO RELATIONSHIP 
Wasilov, Alex 
HIRTLE CALLAGHAN S CO RELATIONSHIP 
Willian, Diane P. 
MKM CAPITAL ADVISORS, LLC RELATIONSHIP MKM Opportunity Master Fund, Ltd. 
GEMINI STRATEGIES LLC, INC. RELATIONSHIP 
Gemini Master Fund, Ltd. 
BELMONTE ESPINOSA, JORGE RELATIONSHIP 
BB Family LLC 
SOUTH STREET ADVISORS RELATIONSHIP 
Blue Bay Corp. 1 
SOUTH STREET ADVISORS RELATIONSHIP 
Fundacion Brunilda 
FUNDACION SOLYDES RELATIONSHIP Fundacion Solidaridad y Desa 
AMERICAN TRADE INTL LTD RELATIONSHIP 
Magna Re Company Lim 
MB INVEST USA INC RELATIONSHIP MB Invest USA Inc 
MYUZIKAL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED RELATIONSHIP 
Myuzikal Internation 
NOBLE ADVISORS LIMITED RELATIONSHIP 
NOBLE ADVISORS LIMITED 1 
NOTABLE WORLDWIDE CORP. RELATIONSHIP 
NOTABLE WORLDWIDE CORP. 1 
442722 SOUTH STREET ADVISORS RELATIONSHIP 
Oker SA 
COMMERCE, LP RELATIONSHIP 
Omninet Crestview, LP 
SCHMEICHLER, EVA RELATIONSHIP 
Plaza C.V. 
EFTA01398840
--- PAGE 3 ---
Sheet2 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398841
--- PAGE 4 ---
Sheet3 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398842

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398843.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398843.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Update on KYC HR 2018 
From: Thomas Klemm ct
> 
Date: Mon, 05 Nov 2018 09:42:03 -0500 
To: Patrick Campio 
Susanne Sipek 
Michael S Jacoby=l>, 
Andrew Gallivan 
Steven Mattus 
Thomas Clarke 
Daniel-E Kaiser <
> 1
Dana Ponzio 
Claudineia Federovsky 
Ana-M Guzman 
Ailsa Briede 
Mamie Holland 
Mariacriselda Loleng 
Lisa Latino a, 
Joyce Tsoi Ana, 
Felipe Godard < 
>, 
Donna Kerrigan 
Charlie Burrows 
Ashok Eastman 
>, 
George Crosby 
All, 
I will be sending the below standard emails to all bankers and copy you for 
your bankers where clients have either not reacted or bankers could not 
commit a date by when client information would be available. Cut off date is 
as communicated the 15 Nov. After that the exit letters will go out (draft 
attached). 
Entire list for transparency below. 
Standard email 
Dear XXX, 
First, let me thank you for your ongoing efforts to address our HR KYC 
challenge. Demonstrating our ability to protect the franchise and bring the 
Americas in line with all other WM regions is pivotal for our growth 
strategy. For the first time we have a line of sight to closing the year at 
zero HR overdues. Let me add that it requires AFC approval to count a HR 
file as completed. 
For the following clients of yours, the project team has been informed that 
the client will either not provide the relevant information by 15 November 
or did not commit to a due date. Given that the bank would not be in a 
position to continue business with those clients unless the KYC gets 
completed, those clients will receive an exit letter after 15 Nov (DBTCA 
draft attached). 
EFTA01398843
--- PAGE 2 ---
If the missing information will be provided in time, those names will of 
course be removed from the list. Otherwise a letter must be send. 
Please reach out to Emily Craig or Daphne Cales if information has / will be 
received and the file we be handed over to AFC in time. Please feel also 
free to contact me if need be. 
Kind regards, 
Thomas 
Thanks, 
T 
Reynaldo Figueredo 
Alfa Sca 
Risper S.A. 
Nirvana Capital International Limited 
ASA18J Inc. 
TAMAYO, CARLOS ENRIQUE 
Dinastia Sca 
Lotos Limited 
Fjc Sca 
Nuevo Mundo Sca 
Forum Capital Pte Ltd 
Roslyn Property Holdings LLC 
Frendall S.A. 
Tamayo, Ricardo 
High Grove Capital Management Ltd 
Los Chicos Sca 
Mauricio Pretelt 
Pan-am Investments 
GOL T.V. 
The Family Nekane Trust 
Moreno Echavarria, Alfonso 
Casal Fernandez, Francisco 
Temple Investments Limited 
Conor Holdings Limited 
Aeropost S.A. 
Inigo Momene Cardenal 
Solu Americas Inc. 
ROSANNA GARCIA MARTINEZ 
ST. PETESBURG TRADING INC. 
Diaz M de Troncoso, Astrid Elizabeth 
ROSANNA MARTINEZ DE ABRAHAM 
Global Seafood Capital Inc. 
EFTA01398844
--- PAGE 3 ---
SRE Capital LP 
Lawson Hills Limited 
ABCINQ LTD 
POTOMAC DEVELOPMENT INC 
Carlos Luna 
Tanama C.V. 
Remate (USA) INC 
Moreno, Joaquin 
Darina C.V. 
Remate Lince SAPI de CV 
Douna C.V. 
CRETACEUS INVESTMENT LIMITED 
Ickenham Properties C.V. 
Deirdre Judge 
A-Grade Holdings, LLC 
Yucaipa Hospitality Investments, LLC 
Sunset and Doheny Property, LLC 
A-Grade Management, LLC 
Yucaipa U.S. Hospitality Partners Holdings, Inc. 
Antelope Insurance Company, Inc. 
Lee Rutter 
Bridgeton 396 Broadway Investment Corp. 
Bridgeton Museum Parc, LLC 
Bridgeton 396 Broadway Property, LLC 
Kips Bay Property Corp. 
Bridgeton Museum Parc Investment Corp. 
Bridgeton Museum Parc Property, LLC 
Mark Westhoff 
Samstock/ZFT LLC 
EGI-CW Holdings LLC 
SZ Investments LLC 
Samstock LLC 
Samstock/SIT, LLC 
Malcolm Kimble 
Fertitta Entertainment, Inc. 
GNLC Holdings, Inc. 
Fertitta, Tilman 
Joanne Jensen 
Do it Again, LLC. 
NEW DIMENSIONS TRADING LTD 
HORIZONS CAYMAN TRADING LTD 
Shahin Ahdieh 
Dahlia ARR LLC 
Dawn Mist LLC 
Dahlia ARR Trust FBO Aziz Rahman Rasul 
Gabriel Micheletti 
LAIF Management (GP-GP) Ltd. 
Capex S.A. 
Pascal Land rove 
EFTA01398845
--- PAGE 4 ---
Cronus Limited 
Stewart Oldfield 
Gratitude America Ltd 
Sven-Otto Westphalen 
Defrak Integrated Services S.A. de C.V. 
Josie Alonso 
Besco Holdings Ltd 
Dessy Arteaga 
IEGT LTD 
Original Appointment 
From: Patrick Campion 
Sent: Dienstag, 10. Juli 2018 10:28 
To: Patrick Campion; Thomas Klemm; Susanne Sipek; Lee Flutter; Michael S 
Jacoby; Andrew Gallivan; Steven Mattus; Thomas Clarke; Daniel-E Kaiser; 
Sheffali Welch; Dana Ponzio; Claudineia Federovsky; Ana-M Guzman; Ailsa 
Briede; Mamie Holland; Mariacriselda Loleng; Lisa Latino; Joyce Tsoi; Felipe 
Godard; Donna Kerrigan; Charlie Burrows; Ashok Eastman 
Subject: 16 EST - Weekly Senior Team Catch-up [I] 
When: Montag, 5. November 2018 16:00-16:45 (UTC-05:00) Eastern Time (US & 
Canada). 
Where: CR 2405 in NY / Dial-in Attached 
Classification: For internal use only 
Classification: For internal use only 
Patrick Campion's Virtual Meeting Room Details 
United States 
+1 973 631 2000 / +1 201 593 3794 
Virtual Meeting Room number: 
880884540438 
Host Pin: 757893 
Participant PIN: 499589 
Internal Phone and VC Devices 
Virtual Meeting Room number: 
880884540438 
Desktop Video or External Video 
Virtual Meeting Room address: 
<mailto 
<mailto 
External Audio Participants: 
Choose country location below for dial in 
Then enter number 
880884540438 
Major Hubs: 
Australia 
+61 39 270 4173 
EFTA01398846
--- PAGE 5 ---
China 
Germany 
Hong Kong 
India 
regulatory reasons) 
Singapore 
+86 21 2080 2601 
+49 69 9104 8927 
+85 22 203 7642 
(In progress; delayed due to 
+65 6423 8443 
United Kingdom 
+44 20 7541 0599 
United States 
+1 973 631 2000 / +1 201 593 3794 
Rest of the world: 
Austria: 
+43 15 1866 1138 
Belgium 
+32 324 459 02 
Canada 
+1 416 682 8029 
Cayman Islands 
+1 345 914 5619 
Channel Islands 
+44 15 3488 9059 
France 
+33 1 44 95 59 85 
Hungary 
+36 1301 3733 
Indonesia 
+62 21 296 44012 
Ireland 
+35 31 865 3753 
Israel 
+972 3 710 2061 
Italy 
+39 02 4024 4995 
Japan 
+813 515 65112 
Malaysia 
+60 3205 36760 
Mauritius 
+230 402 0398 
Mexico 
+52 55 5201 8564 
Netherlands 
+31 20 5554 260 
New Zealand 
+64 9 351 1673 
Philippines 
+63 2 777 0597 
Poland 
+48 22 526 8726 
Portugal 
+351 2 1311 1370 
Romania 
+40 31 222 4248 
Russian Federation 
+7 495 933 9000 
Saudi Arabia 
+966 11 273 9625 
South Africa 
+27 11 775 7072 
South Korea 
+82 2 316 2013 
Spain 
+34 933 672 857 
Sweden 
+46 8 463 5578 
Taiwan 
+886 2 2192 4654 
Thailand 
+66 2 646 5164 
United Arab Emirates 
+971 4 361 1793 
Vietnam 
+84 8 6299 8804 
EFTA01398847

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398848.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398848.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sheet1 
Reason for KYC 
GCIS Customer Number 
KYC ID Full Legal Name Case 
Manager RAG 
Status Next Step by 
Exclusion Reason 
# Days in 
Outreach 
Due Date 
Customer Risk Score 
PEP? 
DC Status 
RR 
1883718 Techview Investments Ltd. 
Vijay Sawant 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
with Client 
10/18/18 
High 
RR 
1981932 Sillerman, Robert F.X. 
Adrian Lopez 
Overdue 
Initial Due Diliver 
8/28/18 High 
ABR SME working on 
Remediation 
Nativos Investment LTD 
Chantelle 
Williams 
Overdue Pending Approval 
with ABR 
2/28/18 
High 
EXCLUSION COMPLETED 
Remediation 
BPP F.1 Cayman LP 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/31/18 
High 
RR 
Due soon 
Client 
RR 
Due soon 
Client 
RR 
Due soon 
Client 
RR 
soon 
Client Outreach 
Remediation 
Due soon 
Quality 
10/31/18 
High 
BPP F.1 
Outreach 
BPP F.1 
Outreach 
BPP F.1 
Outreach 
BPP F.1 
DE 3800 Alameda L.P. 
with Client 
DE Central Park L.P. 
with Client 
DE Media Studios L.P. 
with Client 
DE Pointe L.P. 
Pradeep 
with Client 
11/3/18 
BPP F.1 DE Viking LP 
Rejection 
with Client 
Remediation 
BPP F.1 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
10/31/18 
Remediation 
iiiill 
BPP F.1 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
Remediation 
Hi
BPP F.1 
10/31/18 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
Remediation 
iiill 
BPP F.2 
10/31/18 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
Remediation 
Hi
BPP F.2 
10/31/18 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
Remediation 
Hi
BPP F.2 
10/31/18 
Due soon 
Quality Rejection 
RR 
10/31/18 — 
High 
Pradeep Vaje 
RR 
10/17/18 — 
High 
NQ L.P. Pradeep Vaje 
10/17/18 
RR 
DE Viking 2 LP 
with Client 
DE Viking 3 LP 
with Client 
DE Viking 4 LP 
with Client 
DE Viking 2 LP 
with Client 
DE Viking 3 LP 
with Client 
DE Viking LP 
with Client 
Pradeep Vaje 
11/3/18 High 
Pradeep Vaje 
11/3/18 High 
Pradeep Vaje 
11/3/18 High 
Vaje 
Due 
High 
Pradeep Vaje 
Pradeep Vaje 
Pradeep Vaje 
Pradeep Vaje 
Pradeep Vaje 
Pradeep Vaje 
Pradeep Vaje 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
Blackstone 
Due soon 
High 
Blackstone 
II.F L.P. 
Tactical Opportunities Fund II (Cayman) 
Client Outreach with Client 
Tactical Opportunities Fund II-NQ 
EFTA01398848
--- PAGE 2 ---
L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
High 
RR 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II.F 
(Cayman)-NQ L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach 
with Client 
10/17/18 
High 
RR 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II.F-Q 
L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
High 
RR 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II-0 L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
High
RR 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
Hi h 
RR 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II (Cayman) 
L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
RR 
(Cayman) L.P. 
Client 12 
RR 
L.P. 
RR 
Pradeep Vaje 
10/17/18 
RR 
Pradeep Vaje 
10/17/18 
RR 
10/17/18 
High 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II.F 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with 
10/17/18 
High 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-F (Cayman) 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
High 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-I-NQ L.P. 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
High
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-F-Q L.P. 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
Hioh 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-I (Cayman)-
NQ L.P. Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
High 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-I L.P. 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
Hioh 
RR 
Pradeep Vaje 
10/17/18 
RR 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-I (Cayman) 
L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
RR 
Pradeep Vaje 
10/17/18 
RR 
10/17/18 
High 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-F L.P. 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
Hioh 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund-F (Cayman)-
NQ L.P. Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
RR 
Pending Approval -
RR 
Babu 
Due soon 
10/20/18 
High
RR 
soon 
Pending Approval 
High 
SDMP Services, Inc 
Natalie Barak 
with AFC 
7/31/18 High 
EDR 
Vernon E. Jordan, Jr. Revocable Trust 
Client Outreach with Client 
Tananbaum, Steven A. 
Vijay Sawant 
with PO 11/7/18 High 
Overdue 
Alka 
Due 
EFTA01398849
--- PAGE 3 ---
RR 
Jazz Realty LLC Chantelle Williams 
Due 
soon 
Pending Approval 
with AFC 
10/31/18 
High 
RR 
Fairfax Harbor Real Estate LLC 
Crystal Pouncy 
Overdue Quality Rejection 
10/3/18 High 
Will be submitted this week 
RR 
Lucy's Landing, LLC 
Rachel Wachs 
Overdue 
Client Outreach with RM 8 
9/15/18 High 
Yes 
RR 
The JWM Generations Trust Share B-JRJ 
Crystal 
Pouncy Overdue Quality Rejection 
with RM 8 
7/14/18 High 
Will be submitted this week 
RR 
Prime Overseas Investments and Enterprises 
Limited Vijay Sawant 
Overdue Quality Rejection 
with Client 
RR 
9/15/18 „ III
The JWM Generations Trust Share B-AES 
Crystal 
Pouncy Overdue Quality Rejection 
with RM 8 
7/14/18 High 
Will be submitted this week 
RR 
Big River Real Estate, LLC 
Rachel Wachs 
Overdue Client Outreach with RM 8 
9/19/18 High 
Yes 
Remediation 
Cerberus Executive, LLC Vijay Sawant 
Overdue Client Outreach with RM 60 
7/31/18 High 
RR 
The JWM Generations Trust Share A-DMH 
Pouncy Overdue Quality Rejection 
with Client 
High 
Will be submitted this week 
RR 
The JWM Generations Trust Share C-JWM 
Pouncy Overdue Quality Rejection 
with Client 
High 
Will be submitted this week 
RR 
Cerberus Capital Management, 
Sawant Overdue Quality Rejection 
with RM 16 
This has over 60 party roles 
Remediation 
Pending Approval ■ 
RR
Quality Rejection 
submitted this week 
RR 
The JWM Generations Trust Share D-DSM 
Pouncy Overdue Quality Rejection 
with Client 
High 
Will be submitted this week 
Remediation 
Convey, Brian 
Armen Brash 
soon 
Not ManaiiiiiiCM 
10/31/18 
High 
CP IV QP, LLC 
Vijay Sawant 
Remediation 
Quality 
with Client 
6/30/18 High 
RR 
Due soon 
High 
RR 
Lopez 
RR 
Initial 
RR 
Lopez 
RR 
Quality 
Due 
Overdue Initial 
483289 1977695 
Rejection 
L.P. 
8/18/18 
Crystal 
5/25/18 
Crystal 
6/2/18 
Vijay 
High 
Franco, Isaac S. 
TBD 
Overdue 
with AFC 
7/31/18 High 
SUBMITTED 
Evergreen Property, LLC Crystal Pouncy 
Overdue 
with Client 
6/6/18 High 
Will be 
Crystal 
6/7/18 
Due 
Overdue 
Gemini Trust Company, LLC 
Akash Bhosle 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/17/18 
Sillerman Investment Company III, LLC 
Overdue Initial Due Diligence 
8/3/18 High 
Elderberry X, LLC 
Adrian Lopez 
8/3/18 High 
Sillerman Investment Corporation 
Due Diligence 
8/3/18 High 
Epstein, Jeffrey E. 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue 
with RM 2 
8/8/18 High 
Yes 
Additional 
Adrian 
Overdue 
Adrian 
EFTA01398850
--- PAGE 4 ---
neg media; waiting for guidance from DCO 
RR 
483882 1977703 Southern Financial LLC 
Pending Approval 
with PO 8/8/18 High 
No 
Additional neg 
media; waiting for guidance from DCO 
RR 
483883 1977695 Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Overdue Quality Rejection 
with RM 2 
8/8/18 
Additional neg media; waiting for guidance from DCO 
RR 
486427 1977699 J. Epstein Virgin Islands Foundation, Inc 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue Pending Approval 
with PO 8/8/18 High 
No 
Additional neg media; waiting for guidance from DCO 
RR 
GoldenTree Asset Management UK LLP 
Babu 
Overdue Client Outreach with Client 
8/9/18 
RR 
Gratitude America Ltd 
Mayur Rathod 
Quality Rejection 
with RM 14 
8/16/18 High 
No 
neg media; waitiiiiiiiiiiidance from DCO 
RR 
NES, LLC 
Approval 
with MD 8/16/18 High 
RR 
499733 1977703 LSJE, LLC 
Approval 
with PO 8/18/18 High 
waiting iiiiiirance from DCO 
RR 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue 
Pending Approval 
with PO 8/18/18 High 
No 
Additional neg 
media; waiting 
RR 
Approval 
RR 
Approval 
RR 
Approval 
RR 
Approval 
RR 
for uidance from DCO 
JEGE, Inc 
with AFC 
8/18/18 
JEGE, LLC 
with AFC 
8/18/18 
Plan D, LLC 
with MD 8/18/18 High 
Jeepers, Inc 
with AFC 
8/18/18 
Mort, Inc 
Rejection 
with RM 2 
8/18/18 
media; waiting for guidance from DCO 
RR 
550331 1977695 Zorro Management, LLC 
Quality Rejection 
with RM 2 
8/18/18 
neg media; waiting for guidance from DCO 
RR 
487199 1977694 The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
Alka Babu 
Overdue Pending Approval 
with MD 9/6/18 High 
SUBMITTED 
RR 
486428 1977694 
Approval 
with MD 
RR 
Overdue Client Outreach 
RR 
Client Outreach with RM 
this week 
RR 
Client Outreach with RM 
this week 
RR 
Alka 
High 
Overdue 
Additional 
Alka Babu 
Overdue Pending 
SUBMITTED 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue Pending 
No 
Additional neg media; 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue 
Mayur Rathod 
High 
No 
Atka Babu 
Overdue Pending 
High 
SUBMITTED 
Atka Babu 
Overdue Pending 
High 
SUBMITTED 
Atka Babu 
Overdue Pending 
SUBMITTED 
Atka Babu 
Overdue Pending 
High 
SUBMITTED 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue Quality 
High 
No 
Additional neg 
Mayur Rathod 
Overdue 
High 
No 
Additional 
The Haze Trust 
Atka Babu 
Overdue Pending 
9/6/18 High 
SUBMITTED 
The Jockey Club PAC 
Sandeep Ruparelia 
with Client 
9/12/18 High 
Forest Road Realty, LLC Hilda Berrios 
9/13/18 High 
Yes 
Will be 
Overdue 
submitted 
Christian Cove, LLC 
Hilda Berrios 
Overdue 
9/13/18 High 
Yes 
Will be submitted 
Golden Road LLC Hilda Berrios 
Overdue Client 
EFTA01398851
--- PAGE 5 ---
Outreach 
with RM 14 
9/13/18 High 
Yes 
Will be submitted 
this week 
RR 
Overdue Client Outreach 
RR 
Overdue Client Outreach 
RR 
Priyanka Mohite Overdue 
RR 
Mohite Overdue Quality 
RR 
Priyanka Mohite Overdue 
RR 
Overdue Client Outreach 
RR 
Alka Babu 
Overdue 
High 
RR 
Overdue Client Outreach 
RR 
Overdue 
RR 
Overdue 
RR 
Overdue Client Outreach 
RR 
Srivastav 
Overdue 
High 
SUBMITTED 
RR 
Client Outreach 
RR 
soon 
RR 
soon 
RR 
Babu 
Due soon 
RR 
iiiilll 
10/20/18 
Client Outreach 
soon 
RR 
Master Due soon 
High 
RR 
Clayton 
High 
RR 
Mistry 
High 
RR 
Mistry 
High 
Hernstadt, Edward W. 
Jacqueline Holloman 
with RM 6 
9/19/18 High 
Shadowbrook Properties, LLC 
Rachel Wachs 
with RM 30 
9/26/18 High 
Yes 
GoldenTree Asset Management (Ireland) Limited 
Profile Completion 
9/27/18 High 
GOLDENTREE EMERGING MARKETS GP LLC 
Priyanka 
Rejection 
9/27/18 High 
No 
MA Multi-Sector Opportunistic Fund GP, LLC 
Quality Rejection 
9/27/18 High 
No 
Hernstadt II, William L. 
Clayton Allen 
with RM 13 
9/29/18 High 
Goldentree Asset Management Singapore PTE Ltd 
Client Outreach with Client 
10/4/18 
GoldenTree Asset Management, LP Alka Babu 
with Client 
10/4/18 High 
Fertitta, Tilman 
Pending
with AFC 
GNLC Holdings, Inc. 
Pending Approval 
with AFC 
Preeti Srivastav 
10/5/18 High 
SUBMITTED 
Preeti Srivastav 
10/5/18 High 
SUBMITTED 
Parkview Associates, LLC 
Krupa Shah 
with Client 
10/5/18 High 
Fertitta Entertainment, Inc. 
Preeti 
Pending Approval 
with AFC 
10/5/18 
GT NM GP LLC 
Krupa Shah 
Due soon 
with RM 20 
10/10/18 
High 
GOLDENTREE SPC LLC 
Alka 
Pending A royal 
10/10/18 
High 
Meritage Group LP 
Priyanka Mohite Due 
Initial Due Diligence 
10/18/18 
High 
GOLDENTREE PARTNERS LOAN FUND LLC 
Alka 
Client Outreach with Client 
Babu 
Due 
GTIS REOF SPONSOR LLC 
Alem Shaikh 
Due 
with RM 13 
10/20/18 
High 
GoldenTree Leverage Loan Manager LLC 
Pritesh 
Client Outreach with RM 16 
10/20/18 
William H. Hernstadt 2016 Irrevocable Trust 
Allen 
Due soon 
Initial Due Diligence 
10/25/18 
GoldenTree Capital Partners, LLC 
Nikita 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with RM 22 
10/26/18 
GOLDENTREE REINVESTMENT VEHICLE LLC 
Nikita 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with RM 22 
10/26/18 
EFTA01398852
--- PAGE 6 ---
RR 
Mohite Due soon 
High 
RR 
soon 
RR 
soon 
Not Mana 
RR 
Pending Approval 
RR
Due soon 
RR 
soon 
RR 
soon 
RR 
soon 
Pending 
Remediation 
Overdue Quality 
EXCLUSION 
Remediation 
Patel 
Overdue 
SUBMITTED 
Remediation 
Patel 
Overdue 
SUBMITTED 
Remediation 
Managed by CM 
RR 
Client Outreach 
Remediation 
Shah 
Overdue 
Remediation 
Williams 
High 
No 
Remediation 
Rachel Wachs 
Remediation 
Rachel Wachs 
Remediation 
Barak 
Due 
10/31/18 
RR 
Due soon 
RR 
soon 
Client 0 
Remediation 
Ruparelia 
RR 
NQ II, LP 
Client 12 
Pending 
Pending 
GoldenTree Credit Opportunities GP LLC 
Priyanka 
Client Outreach with RM 40 
10/26/18 
GoldenTree GTIS SPV LLC Priyanka Mohite Due 
Client Outreach with RM 40 
10/26/18 
High 
DVI PE (Mauritius) Ltd 
Natalie 
ged by CM 
10/31/18 
High 
Zises, Selig A 
Keyzad Patel 
11/6/18 High 
Mediterranean Properties Inc 
Client Outreach with Client 
Bal Harbour 1604N, LLC 
Aracely 
Approval 
with AFC 
11/8/18 
First & 91st LLC 
Aracely 
A royal 
with AFC 
11/8/18 
Forkosh, Alexander 
Aracely 
Approval 
with AFC 
11/8/18 
Rejection 
Pending 
Bekkedam, Barry R. 
with RM 8 
8/31/18 
Barak 
Due 
Due soon 
Keyzad Patel 
11/6/18 High 
Sanchez Due 
High 
Sanchez Due 
High 
Sanchez Due 
High 
Crystal Pouncy 
High 
PENDING 
Infinity Lifestyle Brands, LLC 
Approval 
with AFC 
7/31/18 
Pending Approval 
5/31/18 High 
GTAM 
with RM 30 
nfinity S Kingswood LLC 
Keyzad 
High 
Keyzad 
with AFC 
7/31/18 High 
Herncal Realty Corp 
No 
Allied LLC Krupa Shah 
10/10/18 
High 
Atlas Real Estate Funds, Inc 
Client Outreach with Client 
8/31/18 
Zoe Hernstadt Irrevocable Trust 
Overdue Pending Approval 
with ABR 
Overdue Not 
Due soon 
Krupa 
High 
Chantelle 
6/30/18 
W L Hernstadt Est W L Hernstadt Ii Tr 
Overdue Pendin Approval
with PO 5/31/18 High 
No 
W L Hernstadt Est Wh Hernstadt Tr #2 
Overdue Pending Approval 
with PO 5/31/18 High 
No 
The Hawk 3A 2015 GST Trust 
Natalie 
soon 
Pending Approval 
with ABR 
High 
BPP F.1 DE Pinnacle L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Client Outreach with Client 
11/3/18 High 
BPP F.1 DE Tower L.P. 
Pradeep Vaje 
Due 
utreach with Client 
11/3/18 High 
Wyser Pratte, Guy 
Sandeep 
Overdue Client Outreach with RM 19 
10/2/18 High 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II (Cayman)-
Pradeep Vaje 
Due soon 
Client Outreach with 
10/17/18 
High 
EFTA01398853
--- PAGE 7 ---
&"arial unicode ms,Regular"For internal use only 
EFTA01398854

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398855.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398855.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: MD approval for ACUs com leted for High Risk Clients [I] 
From: Terri Sohrab < 
Date: Wed, 05 Apr 2017 13:16:02 -0400 
To: Joanne Jensen < 
Vaishali-P Meht 
Andrew Gallivan 
Classification: For internal use only 
Absolutely. 
From: Joanne Jensen 
Sent: Wednesday, April 05, 2017 1:15 PM 
To: Vaishali-P Mehta; Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: Mark Gonzalez; Rachel Maglicic; Stewart Oldfield; Brian P Convey; 
Jennifer Shaw; Andrea Nicoletti; Rosemary Vrablic; Mary A Coleman; Terrence 
F Tangney; Terri Sohrab 
Subject: RE: MD approval for ACUs completed for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Vaishali, 
For confidentiality purposes, I do not believe that this list should be 
broadly distributed. I would request that any correspondence regarding our 
clients be sent exclusively to me and not the broader group. I'm sure my 
colleagues would agree. 
Kind regards, 
Joanne Jensen 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/- 
DAWN_ logo_ metallic 46x46.gifl 
Joanne Jensen 
Managing Director I Private Banker 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
EFTA01398855
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
USA 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim_en_rgb.gif} 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Wednesday, April 05, 2017 12:23 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: Mark Gonzalez; Rachel Maglicic; Stewart Oldfield; Brian P Convey; Joanne 
Jensen; Jennifer Shaw; Andrea Nicoletti; Rosemary Vrablic; Mary A Coleman; 
Terrence F Tangney; Terri Sohrab 
Subject: MD approval for ACUs completed for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Dear Andrew , 
All the below ACUs were completed for High Risk clients for this month. As 
you know the new Policy now requires an MD Approval over and above the 
approval of the account owner / RM. Which means if the RM is an MD, the 
approval must come from another MD who is in their reporting line. 
In that regard, could you please approve the below ACUs? 
Annual Client Update: ID 
GCIS Customer Number 
EFTA01398856
--- PAGE 3 ---
Customer Name 
MD 
Annual Client Update: Created Date 
A14. 
A15. Client Status Update Description 
A16. 
A17. 
Customer Owner 
82744 
00000469756 
CJA Private Equity Financial Restructuring Master Fund I, L.P. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Commitments to the fund are raised from a number of sources including 
personal pension funds, financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and 
wealthy individuals. Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM No 
changes so far this year. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82747 
00000469757 
CJA Public Private Multi Manager Master Fund, L.P. 
Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398857
--- PAGE 4 ---
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM There have been no changes 
for this entity this year. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82749 
00000469433 
Gapstow Capital Partners LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
Private Equity Investments-Income is derived from investment management 
fees. 
There have been no significant changes to this client's activity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82750 
00000486910 
Gapstow Community Financials Fund LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
EFTA01398858
--- PAGE 5 ---
No changes have occurred for this entity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82746 
00000469760 
Gapstow Credit & Special Situations Master Fund LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM There have been no changes in 
circumstances this year. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82748 
00000469758 
Gapstow Opportunity Master Fund, LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM Nothing has changed for this 
particular entity. 
EFTA01398859
--- PAGE 6 ---
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82745 
00000469759 
Gapstow Real Estate Yield Master Fund, L.P. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
Yr Net Profit $10MM, Investable Assets $100MM No chages have occured for 
this entity. 
No 
No 
Mark Gonzalez 
82909 
00000486553 
Gapstow Structured Credit Master Fund LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
The entity is a Private Equity Investments firm. Commitments to the fund 
are raised from a number of sources including personal pension funds, 
financial institutions, foundations, endowments, and wealthy individuals. 
No changes have occurred for this entity. 
No 
No 
EFTA01398860
--- PAGE 7 ---
Mark Gonzalez 
82881 
00000421598 
Cabrerizo, Tom 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/14/2017 
No changes to report. 
No changes to report. Rachel spoke w/Tom Cabririzo to inform him she would 
now be handling his DB relationship. 
Yes 
No 
Rachel Maglicic 
82882 
00000500416 
Florescue Family Corporation 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/14/2017 
No changes to report. 
No changes to report. Rachel provided Barry Florescue an update on the 
recently executed swap and introduced the GSMM investment opportunity. 
Yes 
No 
Rachel Maglicic 
82925 
00000486426 
EFTA01398861
--- PAGE 8 ---
Butterfly Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
change in beneficiaries 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82915 
00000487223 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82916 
00000487225 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
EFTA01398862
--- PAGE 9 ---
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82918 
00000487244 
JEGE, Inc 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82919 
00000487244 
JEGE, Inc 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82917 
EFTA01398863
--- PAGE 10 ---
00000487216 
JEGE, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82914 
00000489505 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82920 
00000487264 
Neptune, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
EFTA01398864
--- PAGE 11 ---
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82922 
00000487265 
NES, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82923 
00000487219 
Plan D, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01398865
--- PAGE 12 ---
82912 
00000483882 
Southern Financial LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No changes in activities. 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82913 
00000483883 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
Southern Trust Company has not changed its nature of business within the 
past year. it is still a private investment company and has no changed. 
Southern Trust is still a private investment company and has not had any 
changes 
No 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82921 
00000487199 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
EFTA01398866
--- PAGE 13 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/16/2017 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
Stewart Oldfield 
82799 
00000462886 
Altpoint Capital Partners, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/10/2017 
They are part of the small accounts exit project.. we are planning to close 
their accounts 
There are no changes to clients employment status, health or primary 
residence. 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82798 
00000469150 
Jarero, Cristina 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/10/2017 
John Marson spoke with client re: accounts 
EFTA01398867
--- PAGE 14 ---
There are no material changes 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82871 
00000426119 
Kestenbaum, Jacob 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Scott Prokop and Brian Convey speaks with client to review his account. 
There are no material changes 
Yes 
No 
Brian Convey 
82836 
00000420827 
Paul A Volcker Irrevocable Life Ins Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Brian Convey speaks with client quarterly to review account. 
There are no changes to client's employment status, health or primary 
residence 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
EFTA01398868
--- PAGE 15 ---
82833 
00000210143 
Paul Volcker Tr For James P. Volcker 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Brian speaks with client quarterly to review account 
There are no material changes 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82834 
00000210142 
Paul Volcker Tr For Janice Volcker Zima 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/13/2017 
Brian Convey speaks with client quarterly to review accounts. 
There are no material changes 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82835 
00000208963 
Volcker, Paul 
Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398869
--- PAGE 16 ---
3/13/2017 
Brian Convey speaks with client quarterly to review account. 
There are no changes to client's employment status, health or primary 
residence 
No 
No 
Brian Convey 
82603 
00000496203 
BPP F.1 Cayman LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
The client is an AIV borrower in a credit facility for Blackstone Property 
Property Partners. 
The account holds a zero balance currently. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82601 
00000496202 
BPP F.1 DE LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
BPP F.1 DE LP is an AIV borrower under the Blackstone Property Partners 
credit facility. 
The client currently holds —$11K on deposit. 
EFTA01398870
--- PAGE 17 ---
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82600 
00000496201 
BPP F.1 REIT Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
BPP F.1 REIT Inc. is an AIV borrower on the Blackstone Property Partners 
credit facility. 
The client currently holds no assets on deposit with DB. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82599 
00000496200 
BPP F.2 DE LP 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
BPP F.2 DE LP is an AIV borrower on a credit facility for Blackstone 
Property Partners. 
The client has a deposit account holding —$20K. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
EFTA01398871
--- PAGE 18 ---
82483 
00000493007 
D & D Funding II, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
This company is a Joint Venture entity created owned 50/50 by Chris 
Diamantis and Joe Dinardo. Both Chris and Joe's wealth come from their own 
businesses and they use this company for joint ventures in various companies 
and assets. 
This entity is used solely as an investment vehicle; currently hold —$4MM 
at DB 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82431 
00000489085 
Winklevoss Index, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/27/2017 
This entity is owned by the Winklevoss brothers for private investment 
purposes. 
The account currently holds approx. $6K on deposit. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82429 
00000454155 
EFTA01398872
--- PAGE 19 ---
Wolfson Equities 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/27/2017 
Wolfson Equities is the investment arm of the Wolfson Group, a family-based 
investment and real estate company. 
The client doesn't currently have any assets with DB. 
No 
No 
Joanne Jensen 
82664 
00000494254 
Windels, Catherine 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes. 
No material changes. 
No 
No 
Andrea Nicoletti 
82654 
00000493298 
Bridge Equities VI, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes. 
EFTA01398873
--- PAGE 20 ---
No material changes. Donna Snyder has retired as of 1/13/2017. 
No 
No 
Malcolm Kimble 
82655 
00000498379 
STEWART BAINUM JR. REVOCABLE TRUST 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes 
No material changes. Donna Snyder has retired as of 1/13/2017. 
No 
No 
Malcolm Kimble 
82653 
00000484974 
Sunbridge Holdings, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
No material changes. 
No material changes. Donna Snyder has retired as of 1/13/2017. 
No 
No 
Malcolm Kimble 
EFTA01398874
--- PAGE 21 ---
82629 
00000521059 
DVI PE (Mauritius) Ltd 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/3/2017 
The purpose of the entity is to invest in shares of private investment 
companies in India and to serve as a master fund for other existing funds. 
No material changes 
No 
No 
Mary Ann Coleman 
82560 
00000490484 
1960 East 5th Street, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82785 
00000463109 
469 Avenue S LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398875
--- PAGE 22 ---
3/9/2017 
no activity. This account is used to own the property at 469 Avenue S, 
Brooklyn, NY 
no activity. This account is used to own the property at 469 Avenue S, 
Brooklyn, NY 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82521 
00000520681 
AQL Hartwell LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
no changes from KYC - loan has been terminated 
no changes from KYC - loan has been terminated 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82548 
00000435801 
Community Organizations, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no material changes 
no material changes 
Yes 
EFTA01398876
--- PAGE 23 ---
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82774 
00000435801 
Community Organizations, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no material changes 
no material changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82546 
00000418627 
Franco, Isaac S. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes from KYC 
No changes from KYC 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82549 
00000435806 
EFTA01398877
--- PAGE 24 ---
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82550 
00000435806 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82775 
00000435806 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No new activities or changes 
EFTA01398878
--- PAGE 25 ---
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82779 
00000435806 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No new activities or changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82559 
00000497510 
I Like Ike, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398879
--- PAGE 26 ---
82562 
00000497009 
I Like Ike Kingswood, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82564 
00000478501 
Infinity AL Holdings, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82561 
00000503732 
Infinity Entertainment, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
EFTA01398880
--- PAGE 27 ---
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82553 
00000463528 
Infinity LW 12th Street, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82552 
00000443214 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01398881
--- PAGE 28 ---
Rosemary Vrablic 
82740 
00000443214 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82778 
00000443214 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82547 
00000497509 
Infinity S Kingswood LLC 
EFTA01398882
--- PAGE 29 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82558 
00000503731 
Infinity Sports Licensing, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes 
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82784 
00000497007 
IRE-NG 1715 E. 13th Street, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no change to KYC 
Subject property was recently leased to Target in a 10 year contract. 
Yes 
EFTA01398883
--- PAGE 30 ---
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82565 
00000472784 
Isaac Franco 2001 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82566 
00000472785 
Isaac Franco 2002 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82557 
00000472786 
EFTA01398884
--- PAGE 31 ---
Isaac Franco 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No Changes 
No Changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82776 
00000435810 
ISF Parkway LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
no new changes 
no new changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82556 
00000472123 
IUC 701 Times Square LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes 
EFTA01398885
--- PAGE 32 ---
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82742 
00000437170 
Katzoff, Gerald 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes to kyc 
no changes to kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82743 
00000437170 
Katzoff, Gerald 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes to kyc 
no changes to kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398886
--- PAGE 33 ---
82741 
00000437167 
Katzoff, Stuart 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
There are no material changes. 
There are no material changes. 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82334 
00000463529 
LW 12th Street Holding, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/22/2017 
no changes from KYC 
no changes from KYC 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82554 
00000464881 
MISS AMERICA PROPERTIES, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
EFTA01398887
--- PAGE 34 ---
No updates since previous update 
No updates since previous update 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82555 
00000464881 
MISS AMERICA PROPERTIES, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No updates since previous update 
No updates since previous update 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82738 
00000438525 
Nevada Land III LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes from kyc 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01398888
--- PAGE 35 ---
Rosemary Vrablic 
82523 
00000520534 
Seminole Housing LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
no changes since KYC 
no changes since KYC 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82551 
00000435811 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82777 
00000435811 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
EFTA01398889
--- PAGE 36 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82780 
00000435811 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/9/2017 
No changes 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82737 
00000437345 
SK Baseball Holdings LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes from kyc 
no changes from kyc 
Yes 
EFTA01398890
--- PAGE 37 ---
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82563 
00000480796 
Stallion 44, LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/1/2017 
no changes from kyc 
no changes from kyc 
No 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82739 
00000488487 
Westbury Management Group LLC 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no changes to kyc 
no changes to kyc 
Yes 
No 
Rosemary Vrablic 
82530 
00000490083 
EFTA01398891
--- PAGE 38 ---
Fundacion Noal 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
Hildegarde Novey Kotchman inherited a piece of undeveloped land in Panama 
from her father (Robert Novey - KYC CASE # 583662). The land was sold to a 
developer who established the Santa Maria Business park. These are the 
proceeds of that sale. 
After a number of conversations we received her signed Entity Self 
Certification Form (CRP) as required for a resident of Panama. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82535 
00000490083 
Fundacion Noal 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/28/2017 
Hildegarde Novey Kotchman inherited a piece of undeveloped land in Panama 
from her father (Robert Novey - KYC CASE # 583662). The land was sold to a 
developer who established the Santa Maria Business park. These are the 
proceeds of that sale. 
After a number of conversations we received her signed Entity Self 
Certification Form (CRP) as required for a resident of Panama. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82459 
00000491914 
EFTA01398892
--- PAGE 39 ---
Lundberg, Fredrik 
Andrew Gallivan 
2/27/2017 
Fredrik Lundberg (born August 5, 1951) is a Swedish businessman. His father 
was Lars Erik Lundberg (1920-2001) founder of L E Lundbergf6retagen. Fredrik 
Lundberg is president and CEO of L E Lundbergf6retagen, of which he 
inherited a controlling stake from his father. He is the ninth wealthiest 
person in Sweden, according to Forbes magazine. In 1944, when Lars Erik 
Lundberg - Frederik's father - was only 24, he formed the company that was 
later to become Lundbergs in his apartment in Norrk6ping. This company 
engaged in construction operations and focused on residential building. At 
an early stage, Lars Erik Lundberg started to show an interest in investing 
in proprietary properties, having understood the value represented by 
expansion into an additional business sector, real estate management. This 
move created greater stability in the company, which could gradually reduce 
its dependence on construction operations. It is this foundation upon which 
Fastighets AB L E Lundberg?s property operations rest today. At the end of 
the 1970s, Lundbergs began to consider a further expansion of the group?s 
operations and, during the 1980s, a series of investments were made within 
new industries. Finance companies were acquired and developed, as were 
several smaller industrial companies. Investments were also made in certain 
publicly listed companies. The group?s operations became increasingly 
diversified and, during the second half of the 1980s, it was decided that 
investments outside the core area of construction and real estate operations 
would be concentrated in a limited number of publicly listed companies. In 
1983, the shares in Lundbergs, with Lars Erik Lundberg's son Fredrik 
Lundberg as President and CEO, were listed on the Stockholm Stock Exchange. 
From its original status as a wholly owned family company, the step was now 
fully taken into the glare of the public eye. However, the Lundberg family 
retained a clear majority holding in the Company. Accordingly, during its 
first 60 years, Lundbergs has developed from a construction company to an 
investment company with interests in several different areas. 
KYC was recently completed as front office noticed there was no electronic 
version to be found. No changes to report. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82595 
00000450954 
Vakirtzis, George 
EFTA01398893
--- PAGE 40 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/2/2017 
George Vakirtzis is Managing Director at Polembros Shipping, Limited, 
headquartered in Greece. He is also on the Board of American Steamships, 
Inc. Mr. Vakirtzis derives his income for salary/bonus, Director's fees and 
private investments. 
Discussed replacement debit card. No material changes. 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82729 
00000440507 
Vernon E. Jordan, Jr. Revocable Trust 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/7/2017 
Mr. Jordan is a Partner at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & 
Feld. He is also a Senior Managing Director at Lazard Freres. Mr. Jordan 
also remains a director on a number of corporate boards including American 
Express, J.C. Penney Corporation, Xerox, Asbury Automotive Group and the Dow 
Jones & Company. He is formerly a member of the board of directors of 
Revlon, Sara Lee, Corning and RJR Nabisco. 
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82727 
00000486896 
Vickee Jordan Adams 2013 GRAT 
EFTA01398894
--- PAGE 41 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
3/7/2017 
Mr. Jordan is a Partner at the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & 
Feld. He is also a Senior Managing Director at Lazard Freres. Mr. Jordan 
also remains a director on a number of corporate boards including American 
Express, J.C. Penney Corporation, Xerox, Asbury Automotive Group and the Dow 
Jones & Company. He is formerly a member of the board of directors of 
Revlon, Sara Lee, Corning and RJR Nabisco. 
no changes 
Yes 
No 
Terrence Tangney 
82757 
00000460090 
Function(x) Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
no material changes 
no changes 
No 
No 
Terri Sohrab 
82756 
00000418125 
Sea Change Foundation 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
EFTA01398895
--- PAGE 42 ---
no material changes 
no material changes 
No 
No 
Terri Sohrab 
82758 
00000472894 
SFX Entertainment Inc. 
Andrew Gallivan 
3/8/2017 
accounts have closed as of 2/1/2016 
accounts have closed as of 2/1/2016 
No 
No 
Terri Sohrab 
Please note that this is the last month that I will be asking for these 
approvals manually, as of April we will be doing KYC updates/ Periodic 
Reviews which will require the MD signature via DB Force. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
EFTA01398896
--- PAGE 43 ---
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398897

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398898.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398898.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Dec 2015 AML/KYC Escalation Re orts [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2015 11:40:25 -0500 
To: Armen Brash a>, 
Andrew Gallivan 
Michael S Jacob 
Lee Flutter 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
Regards, 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax.: +1 (212) 553-2397 
Email 
EFTA01398898

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398899.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398899.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: MD Approval for ACUs for High Risk Clients [I] 
From: Andrew Gallivan < 
Date: Thu, 01 Dec 2016j
illa
To: Vaishali-P Mehta < 
Classification: For internal use only 
Well aren't I the negligent one. Sorry for not having addressed this last 
month. Approved 
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Thursday, December 01, 2016 9:36 AM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: MD Approval for ACUs for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Andrew, 
Could I please get one more approval? This is for last months ACUs. 
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
Head of Anti-Money Laundering Business Risk 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398899
--- PAGE 2 ---
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Wednesday, November 09, 2016 3:42 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: Douglas Robertson; Stewart Oldfield; Thomas-B Mayer; Mark Gonzalez 
Subject: RE: MD Approval for ACUs for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Andrew 
Could you please approve the below ACUs completed for High Risk Clients for 
this month? 
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
Head of Anti-Money Laundering Business Risk 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
From: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Sent: Wednesday, October 26, 2016 1:48 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
EFTA01398900
--- PAGE 3 ---
Cc: Douglas Robertson; Stewart Oldfield; Thomas-B Mayer; Mark Gonzalez 
Subject: MD Approval for ACUs for High Risk Clients [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Dear Andrew, 
As you know, our procedures require MDs to approve all ACUs completed for 
High Risk clients each month. 
Please review the below ACUs completed and approve them. 
Annual Client Update: ID 
GCIS Customer Number 
Customer Owner 
MD 
Customer Name 
Annual Client Update: Created Date 
A14. 
A15. Client Status Update Description 
A16. 
A17. 
78144 
00000520114 
Douglas Robertson 
Andrew Gallivan 
Atlantix Investment LLC 
10/12/2016 
I spoke to Jane about coming changes to the accounts to be reflected by KYC 
updates not yet ready. 
EFTA01398901
--- PAGE 4 ---
No changes yet. 
No 
No 
78143 
00000520113 
Douglas Robertson 
Andrew Gallivan 
Millstein Atlantix LLC 
10/12/2016 
I spoke to Jane about coming changes to the accounts to be reflected by KYC 
updates not yet ready. 
No changes yet. 
No 
No 
77877 
00000496285 
Mark Gonzalez 
Andrew Gallivan 
435 E 76 3D LLC 
10/4/2016 
Mr. Prabhakar resides in Dubai and is in the duty free business. 
Nothing has materially changed for this client. 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01398902
--- PAGE 5 ---
77876 
00000496286 
Mark Gonzalez 
Andrew Gallivan 
555 W 23 N4R LLC 
10/4/2016 
Mr. Prabhakar resides in Dubai and is in the duty free business. 
The property has been sold and the entity will be winding down. 
Yes 
No 
77880 
00000496287 
Mark Gonzalez 
Andrew Gallivan 
635 W 42 7E LLC 
10/4/2016 
Mr. Prabhakar resides in Dubai and is in the duty free business. 
Nothing has materially changed for this client. 
Yes 
No 
77879 
00000496288 
Mark Gonzalez 
Andrew Gallivan 
Liberty PHB LLC 
EFTA01398903
--- PAGE 6 ---
10/4/2016 
Mr. Prabhakar resides in Dubai and is in the duty free business. 
Nothing has materially changed for this client. 
Yes 
No 
77704 
00000486426 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
Butterfly Trust 
9/29/2016 
change in trustees 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
77695 
00000499760 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
Gratitude America 
9/29/2016 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
EFTA01398904
--- PAGE 7 ---
No 
77697 
00000487223 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
9/29/2016 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
77698 
00000487225 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
9/29/2016 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
77699 
00000487244 
Stewart Oldfield 
EFTA01398905
--- PAGE 8 ---
Andrew Gallivan 
JEGE, Inc 
9/29/2016 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
77694 
00000489505 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
9/29/2016 
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
77701 
00000487264 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
Neptune, LLC 
9/29/2016 
no material change 
no material change 
EFTA01398906
--- PAGE 9 ---
Yes 
No 
77844 
00000487265 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
NES, LLC 
10/4/2016 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
77703 
00000487219 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
Plan D, LLC 
9/29/2016 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
77702 
00000487199 
EFTA01398907
--- PAGE 10 ---
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
9/29/2016 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
77842 
00000487199 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein Insurance Trust #3 
10/4/2016 
No material change 
No material change 
Yes 
No 
77689 
00000492732 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Gallivan 
Zorro Development Corp. 
9/29/2016 
EFTA01398908
--- PAGE 11 ---
no material change 
no material change 
Yes 
No 
78200 
00000496101 
Thomas-B Mayer 
Andrew Gallivan 
Elmer Campbell Family Delaware Dynasty Trust 
10/17/2016 
There have been no new developments. 
No Changes. 
Yes 
No 
78201 
00000496099 
Thomas-B Mayer 
Andrew Gallivan 
Josephine Campbell Family Delaware Dynasty Trust 
10/17/2016 
There have been no new developments 
No Changes 
Yes 
No 
EFTA01398909
--- PAGE 12 ---
78202 
00000496097 
Thomas-B Mayer 
Andrew Gallivan 
Paul Campbell Family Delaware Dynasty Trust 
10/17/2016 
There have been no new developments 
No Changes 
Yes 
No 
78204 
00000496140 
Thomas-B Mayer 
Andrew Gallivan 
Shelley Campbell Family Delaware Dynasty Trust 
10/17/2016 
There have been no new developments 
No changes 
Yes 
No 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
EFTA01398910
--- PAGE 13 ---
Regards, 
Vaishali Mehta 
Head of Anti-Money Laundering Business Risk 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 
EFTA01398911

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398912.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398912.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Monthly Annual Client Update Reports - September [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Fri, 05 Sep 2014 12:48:42 -0400 
To: Kimberly Hart 
Zia Memon 4MMEMMEMMEMMEMEW, 
Erin O-Rourke 
Lina M Arias 
Andrew Gallivan 
Mary C Keaveney 
Charles Hoffarth 
Michael-J Davis 
Michael S Jacoby 
Charlie Burrows 
Cc: Daphne Cales 
>, 
Josh Rosen < 
>, 
Sarita Medina 
Irina Yablochnik 
Ankur Shah 
Janice Franklin < 
>, 
Armen Brash 
>, 
Liz Fitzgerald 
Diana Canter
Classification: For internal use only 
All-
Attached are two reports: 
Any ACU that is past due 
ACUs due within the next 30 days 
(See attached file: 2014 September - All Overdue ACUs.xlsx) (See attached file: 
2014 September - ACUs Due Within 30 Days.xlsx) 
All appropriate client facing professionals have already received e-mail 
notifications. Any additional follow up on your end is optional. 
Please note there are certain customers that appear to have outstanding ACUs 
for several months and even years. This maybe due to either a system glitch 
or some other circumstance out of the CFP's control. I am working on these 
cases with the CFPs on a one to one basis. Please also note that the below 
reports are created as of the first of the month- clients may appear below 
even though the ACUs have been completed by the time all notifications are 
sent out. 
Kind regards, 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17338.gif) 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax +1 (212) 553-2397 
EFTA01398912
--- PAGE 2 ---
EFTA01398913

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398914.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398914.pdf
----------------------------------------
Pivot 
Row Labels 
Count of Customer Owner MSR Count 
Count of Customer Name 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
Rosemary Vrablic 
San Francisco 
Joanne Jensen 
Los Angeles 
Paul Bartilucci 1 
Chicago 1 
Terrence Tangney 
Grand Total 
Deirdre Judge 
Kim Hart 
Grand Total 
EM Count 
Count of Customer Number 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Mary Keaveny, Lawrence Weisman 2 
Grand Total 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398914
--- PAGE 2 ---
ACU Material Changes Main 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Customer Owner 
lanation 
Bank 
EM 
Silo 
Rockbridge LLC 00000442357 
Deirdre Judge 
2014 
Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Cohen, Steven A 00000411470 
Kim Hart 
2014 
Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
DEG Capital Partners Ltd. 
00000289638 
Terrence Tangney 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Infinity SI Holding, LLC 
00000435809 
Rosemary Vrablic 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
DeGeorge Management Company 
00000437561 
Terrence Tangney 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
DEG Capital G.P. 1 Inc. 00000289636 
Terrence Tangney 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
DGRG Leasing 
00000437562 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Infinity Eden Center, LLC 
00000459559 
Rosemary Vrablic 
drew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Budinger, William M. 
00000451232 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Zises, Selig A 00000439306 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2014 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
M.Kushner Investment Fund, LLC 00000410522 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2014 
4/08- completed ACU. 
Compliance need further explaination of the ownership. 4/7 Sent client e-mail for clarification. 4/ 
8: rec'd e-mail from client, they will meet with counsel. 4/22: follow-up with client again. Still w 
aiting for counsel to review. 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE 
Peter R. DeGeorge Family Irrevocable Trust 
00000414380 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE 
Vernon E. Jordan, Jr. Revocable Trust 
00000440507 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Kim 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Marital Trust *1 under Article Fourth of the Lawrence J. DeGeorge Revocable Trust 
00000442899 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
COVERAGE 
DeGeorge, Peter R. 
00000107634 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Zahid, Amira 
00000223626 
Paul Bartilucci 2014 
Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Gascon Partners 00000408985 
Rosemary Vrablic 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Nussdorf, Arlene 
00000444723 
Joanne Jensen 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Nussdorf, Glenn 00000444725 
Joanne Jensen 
2014 
Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Nussdorf, Stephen 
00000444726 
Joanne Jensen 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Hymowitz, Gregg 00000449931 
Joanne Jensen 
2014 
Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
BIM Eden Center, LLC 
00000459495 
Rosemary Vrablic 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
NEW DIMENSIONS TRADING LTD 
00000240334 
Joanne Jensen 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Koala Holding Limited Partnership 
00000418441 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
Icahn Management LP 
00000419096 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2014 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
CCI Onshore LLC 00000426071 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2014 
chael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby COVERAGE 
For internal use only 
High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
Past-Due Exp 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
2014 
2014 
2014 
Kim Hart, An 
Kim Hart, An 
Kim Hart, An 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
2014 
Kim Hart, An 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
2014 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
2014 
Kim 
Kim Hart, Andrew Gal 
Kim Hart, Andrew Galivan, Mi 
EFTA01398915

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398916.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398916.pdf
----------------------------------------
PIVOT 
Temporary Exceptions Overdue 
Temporary Exceptions Coming Due 
Count of Case Number 
Column Labels 
Count of Customer Name Column Labels 
Row Labels 
1-30 
Grand Total 
Row Labels 
-20 
-3 
-10 
-113 
-29 
Grand Total 
COVERAGE 
Brian M. Biggar 
Brian M. Biggar Malcolm Kimble 1 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Paul Morris 
Terrence Tangney 
(blank) 
Kimberly Hart 
Cindy L. Loudenslager 
Terrence Tangney 
Deirdre Judge 
Grand Total 
Kimberly Hart 
Terrence Tangney 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Grand Total 
For internal use only 
-81 
EFTA01398916
--- PAGE 2 ---
All Temp Exceptions Overdue 
ZwArial,Boldm612DECEMBER 2009 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic (All Overdue) 
4/1/2014 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Days Overdue 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
MSR 
Silo 
01190331 
00000490522 
Rockefeller Associates / Neuberger, T-I-C, CEW Partners as Chief 
Tenant Prospect 
00000164021 
Andrea Nicoletti 
3/28/2014 
TE request f 
or Hold Harmless agreemetns to be presented with Account opening documents. 
Brian M. Biggar New 
York 
COVERAGE 
01191461 
00000432753 
Silverman, Phyllis 
Client 00000175329 
Terrence Tangney 
3/14/2014 
Day TE for Affidavit that POA is in Full Force. 
Brian M. Biggar New 
York 
COVERAGE 
01205604 
00000491307 
Greener Pastures Foundation 
Client 00000175329 
Terrence Tan 
gney 
3/30/2014 
day temp exceptions: Photo ID, SS* and DOB for Sam Warwar, Photo 
ID, and DOB for Brewer Ezzell, Revised/corrected Corporate Resolution and Incumbency which correctly 
reflects Randall Gunlock as the President. 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398917
--- PAGE 3 ---
All Exceptions Due In 
SuArial,BoldmS12DECEMBER 2009 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic 4/1/2014 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Due in 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Days Overdue 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
MSR 
Silos 
01139183 
00000487551 
Russell and Willene Dobson Foundation 
Client 00000416846 
Male 
olm Kimble 
7/23/2014 
-113 
IRS exemption letter:6 month extension is approved. I unders 
tand that the process to receive charitable status can be quite lengthy, and last years IRS shutdown 
certainly exacerbated the the situation 
Brian M. Biggar New York 
COVERAGE 
01148936 
00000489105 
400 Fifth 53H LLC 
Client 00000486645 
Cindy L. Loudenslage 
r 
4/4/2014 
-3 
TE extended based on signed and dated copy of EIN application that w 
as provided. 
New York 
COVERAGE 
01154932 
00000028642 
Benenson Funding Corporation 
Client 00000163011 
Andrea Nicol 
etti 
4/30/2014 
-29 
Temporary exception granted for the following: 1. CFP to obtain 3 tr 
ust agreements (see attached email) 2. ABR to update Risk Calculator and Checklist and attach them t 
o KYC. Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
01195100 
00000483289 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
Client 00000483290 
Paul Morris 
4/11 
/2014 
-10 
Temporary Exception granted to obtain a corrected copy of the POA Form granting Mr. 
Indyke authority to act as agent on Mr. Epstein's personal account. The intent to add him is clear h 
owever the Form was not completed correctly. 
Brian M. Biggar New York 
COVERAGE 
01201674 
00000415687 
Richard P. Brown Irrevocable Trust 
Client 00000228455 
Deir 
dre Judge 
6/21/2014 
-81 
Standard temporary 90 exception granted for new EIN's for ea 
ch account. DBNTC will apply for new EINs when the new accounts open. 
Los Angeles 
COVERAGE 
01204231 
00000491271 
RG Indiana, LLC Client 00000175329 
Terrence Tangney 
4/21 
/2014 
-20 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398918

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398919.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398919.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: April 2014 AML KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Tue, 06 May 2014 13:34:02 -0400 
To: Andrew Galliva 
Kimberly Hart 
Michael-J Davis 
>, 
C 
Michael S Jacob
c: Armen Brash
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below are the the monthly AML/KYC escalation reports for overdue 
items. Please review and address accordingly. 
PLEASE NOTE: 
1) For the ACUs prompting material change KYC updates please focus on the rows 
shaded in green. For the records with data NOT shaded, we anticipate AML 
Compliance to close those manually pending their review. 
Also, if Column P reads: 
a) "Need Update" it means that an update/KYC must be completed 
b) "KYC in Progress" it means that the KYC must be completed 
2) For the HRIP Meeting report: 
The High Risk in Person Meeting field in DBForce pulls from the ACU. In 
order to record that a meeting took place, it needs to be included in an ACU 
even if the ACU isn't "due" yet. This is the 
only way to get it off the 
report. If a client meeting is not possible, you need to work with AML 
compliance for an exception or extension. 
3) For the TempExceptions report: 
If the Temporary Exception should be closed, please email us the case I, 
explanation and resolution so that we can close it. 
(See attached file: Domestic Coverage_HRIP Meeting Report_Apr 2014.xlsx)(See 
attached file: Domestic Coverage_Apr 2014_DomesticTempExceptions.xlsx)(See 
attached file: Domestic Coverage_Apr 2014_ACUWMatChange.xlsx) 
Thank you. 
Best regards, 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18133.gif) 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax + 
-
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31504.gif) 
EFTA01398919

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398920.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398920.pdf
----------------------------------------
PIVOT 
Temporary Exceptions Overdue 
Temporary Exceptions Coming Due 
Count of Case Number 
Column Labels 
Count of Customer Name Column Labels 
Row Labels 
1-30 
Grand Total 
Row Labels 
Grand Total 
COVERAGE 
Brian M. Biggar 
Brian M. Biggar Malcolm Kimble 1 
Paul Morris 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kimberly Hart 
(blank) 
Joanne Jensen 
(blank) Kimberly Hart 
Cindy L. Loudenslager 
Grand Total 
Grand Total 
For internal use only 
Deirdre Judge 
Terrence Tangney 
Brian Convey 
-91 
-83 
-1 
-51 
-14 
-4 
EFTA01398920
--- PAGE 2 ---
All Temp Exceptions Overdue 
SuArial,Boldmal2DECEMBER 2009 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic (All Overdue) 
5/1/2014 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Days Overdue 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
MSR 
Silo 
400 Fifth 53H LLC 
Client 
Cindy L. Loudenslage 
r 
4/4/2014 
TE extended based on signed and dated copy of EIN application that w 
as provided. 
New York 
COVERAGE 
Carlyle Cardinal Ireland Fund, LP 
Prospect 
Joanne Jensen 
4/28/2014 
Temporary Exception granted to run searches for CJIP III GP 
LP 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
01195100 
00000483289 
Epstein, Jeffrey 
Client 00000483290 
Paul Morris 
4/11 
/2014 
Temporary Exception granted to obtain a corrected copy of the POA Form granting Mr. 
Indyke authority to act as agent on Mr. Epstein's personal account. The intent to add him is clear h 
owever the Form was not completed correctly. 
Brian M. Biggar New York 
COVERAGE 
Teiva Securityholders Representative, LLC 
Client 
Joanne Jensen 
4/25/2014 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398921
--- PAGE 3 ---
All Exceptions Due In 
86Arial,Boldwal2DECEMBER 2009 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic 4/1/2014 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Due in 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Days Overdue 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
MSR 
Silos 
The Women Global Cancer Initiative, Inc. 
Client 
Brian Convey 
7/31/2014 
-91 
Temporary Exception to accept not for profit organization un 
til they get their approval from IRS - pls see email attached 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVE 
RAGE 
Russell and Willene Dobson Foundation 
Client 
Malc 
olm Kimble 
7/23/2014 
-83 
IRS exemption letter:6 month extension is approved. I unders 
tand that the process to receive charitable status can be quite lengthy, and last years IRS shutdown 
certainly exacerbated the the situation 
Brian M. Biggar New York 
COVERAGE 
LS Power Equity Partners III, L.P 
Prospect 
Rosemary Vrablic 
5/2/2014 
-1 
Brian M. Biggar New York 
COVERAGE 
Richard P. Brown Irrevocable Trust 
Client 
Deir 
dre Judge 
6/21/2014 
-51 
Standard temporary 90 exception granted for new EIN's for ea 
ch account. DBNTC will apply for new EINs when the new accounts open. 
Los Angeles 
COVERAGE 
RG Indiana, LLC Client 
Terrence Tangney 
5/15 
/2014 
-14 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
Judy Laufer Irrevocable Trust DTD 11/23/2012 
Client 
Terrence Tangney 
5/5/2014 
-4 
Day TE for W9 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
Zeno Capital LLC 
Prospect 
Susan Burnet 
t 
6/23/2014 
-53 
Tempory Exception from Compliance to be turned to Permanent as soon 
as Account is closed 
Michael J. Davis 
Los Angeles 
COVERAGE 
Black, Leon D. Client 
Paul Morris 
5/22/2014 
-21 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
Two Hundred Lafayette LLC 
Client 
Rosemary Vra 
blic 
5/2/2014 
-1 
Temporary Exception granted to: 1. add address and nature of busines 
s for i) 200 Kushner Member LLC and ii) JJMC LLC iii) perform RDC and PCR for i and ii above 2. add 
name of owner of JJMC LLC to KYC AND perform PCR and RDC for them. 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
Meyer, Jr. , William A. Client 
Terrence Tangney 
5/12/2014 
-11 
Kimberly Hart 
New York 
COVERAGE 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398922

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398923.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398923.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Nov 2015 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Tue, 03 Nov 2015 12:51:19 -0500 
To: Armen Brash -a, 
Andrew Gallivan 
Michael S J 
Lee Flutter 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta < 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
Regards, 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax.: +1 (212) 553-2397 
Email 
EFTA01398923

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398924.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398924.pdf
----------------------------------------
US-Onshore_HRIPM_PastDue 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
Past-Due Exp 
lanation 
Bank 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Client Since Date 
Offshore Account Open Date 
MSR 
Silo 
The 1990 Vernon E. Jordan, Jr. Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust 00000480029 
Terrence Tangney 
2015 
1/7/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-0 
nshore 
THE HICKEY FAMILY FOUNDATION DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLAN 
00000480230 
Susan Burnett 
2010 
2/5/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Fertitta, Tilman 
00000480226 
Malcolm Kimble 2015 
12/31/2012 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
GNLC Holdings, Inc. 
00000489224 
Malcolm Kimble 2015 
11/20/2013 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Vernon E. Jordan, Jr. Revocable Trust 
00000440507 
Terrence Tangney 
2014 
4/16 
/1991 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Lone Star Real Estate Fund II (U.S.), L.P. 
00000467286 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2015 
8/18/2011 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Institute for the Preservation of Arts and Culture Limited 
00000474130 
Liz Payne 
2015 
8/3/2012 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Brown, Peter F 00000248314 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2008 
9/21/2005 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Ataman, Ural 
00000175071 
Terrence Tangney 
2006 
5/9/2003 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Booker Company, Inc. 
00000219021 
Andrea Nicoletti 
2011 
7/12/2000 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
The Unity Trust 00000219920 
Carolin Botzenhard 
2015 
12/4/2000 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Diouf, Jacques 00000210062 
Brian Convey 
2009 
3/6/1998 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Simon Bloom, Aimee 
00000113121 
Douglas Robertson 
1996 
6/29/1993 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Simon, Johanna K. 
00000113118 
Douglas Robertson 
1996 
6/29/1993 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Porges, Carol Leigh Simon 
00000113120 
Douglas Robertson 
2008 
6/29/1993 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Simon Jr., William E. 
00000113124 
Douglas Robertson 
2012 
1/14/1994 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Simon, Julie A. 00000113119 
Douglas Robertson 
1996 
6/29/1993 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Streep, Mary Beth Simon 00000113122 
Douglas Robertson 
1996 
6/29/1993 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Shorenstein Realty Services East LLC 
00000421852 
Lindsy Sanders 2011 
11/12/2008 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Mitchell, Cynthia 
00000430721 
Dan Gray 
2012 
2/25/2009 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
William H. Hernstadt 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
00000422496 
Liz Payne 
2011 
10/2 
0/2008 Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Simons, Nathaniel 
00000410487 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
12/28/2006 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Sea Change Foundation 
00000418125 
Terri Sohrab 
2015 
5/8/2008 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Wolfensohn, James David 00000417459 
Brian Convey 
2010 
11/28/2007 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Profile Property Trust Dated 3/16/2005 00000437863 
Susan Burnett 
2012 
8/7/2009 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
The 2012 Diana L. Mercer Family GST Trust 
00000477782 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2014 
9/26/2012 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
EFTA01398924
--- PAGE 2 ---
US-Onshore_HRIPM_Due2016 
Customer Name 
Customer Number Primary Officer High Risk InPerson Meeting Due Year 
Past-Due Exp 
lanation 
Bank 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Client Since Date 
Offshore Account Open Date 
MSR 
Silo 
Katzoff, Stuart 00000437167 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
3/17/2010 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Katzoff, Gerald 00000437170 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
11/12/2009 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
SK Baseball Holdings LLC 
00000437345 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
8/13/2009 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Hote126 Operating, LLC 00000456121 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
9/27/2010 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Marriott Avery, Nicole L. 
00000479674 
Brian Convey 
2016 
12/7/2012 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
AK Family Investments, LLC 
00000479836 
Brian Convey 
2016 
12/26/2012 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Infinity Wooster Street LLC 
00000482293 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
4/5/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Loeb Jr, John 
00000482160 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2016 
3/27/2013 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Vickee Jordan Adams 2013 GRAT 
00000486896 
Terrence Tangney 
2016 
9/26/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
John L. Loeb Associates, Inc. Employee Pension Plan 
00000483368 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2016 
5/9/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Biedrins, Andris 
00000483934 
Masa Sekulic 
2016 
9/12/2013 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Zappala, Joseph 00000482673 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
4/17/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Vegas I, LLC 
00000483864 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
6/21/2013 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Southern Financial LLC 00000483882 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
8/26/2013 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Rebekah Mercer 
00000484462 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-O 
nshore 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Heather Sue Mercer 
00000484460 
Mary Ann Col 
eman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
y 
US-Onshore 
Southern Trust Company, Inc. 
00000483883 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Kassin, Isaac 
00000485089 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
7/17/2013 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o Jennifer L. Mercer 
00000484461 
eman 
2016 
7/3/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, 
y 
US-Onshore 
STB Holdings L.P. 
00000485824 
Michael S. Jacoby 
2016 
9/26/2013 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Anchorage Partners, LP 00000485595 
Brian Convey 
2016 
9/26/2013 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Nijjar, Sanjeet 00000452345 
Susan Burnett 
2016 
3/28/2011 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Infinity NYY2,LLC 
00000448051 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
2/25/2010 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
YGE Branding, LLC 
00000452354 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
7/1/2010 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Blue Bay Corp. 00000445552 
Terrence Tangney 
2016 
AML Comment 1/24/13: HR In Person me 
eting not required as client is referral from South Street Advisors and the advisor meets with clien 
t. 
1/11/2010 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-0 
nshore 
Fundacion Brunilda 
00000447243 
Terrence Tangney 
2016 
10/24/13 AML Comment: HR In 
person meeting not required. South Street Advisors referral and no client meeting is required. 1 
1/25/2010 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
n Franco Realty, LLC 
00000435811 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
6/3/2009 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
00000435806 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
6/18/2009 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Community Organizations, LLC 
00000435801 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
6/11/2009 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
SFX Entertainment Inc. 00000472894 
Terri Sohrab 
2016 
3/30/2012 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
us-onshore 
Viggle Inc. 
00000460090 
Terri Sohrab 
2016 
2/18/2011 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
00000489505 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
12/13/2013 
Arme 
ivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Levitt Jr., Arthur 
00000442866 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
12/22/2009 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Carlyle Realty Partners V, L.P. 00000472799 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
4/9/2012 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Gabelli, Marc 
00000398349 
Mary Ann Coleman 
2016 
3/30/15: MAC reached out again but d 
8/26/2013 
Armen Brash, 
Mary Ann Col 
Michael Jacob 
EFTA01398925
--- PAGE 3 ---
id not receive a response 1/2015 MAC reached out twice this month but has not received a response. 1 
2/30/14: MAC tried calling client 2 times in December. Natalie Barak left a voicemail. 1 
6/8/ 
2006 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
National Academy Of Engineering Fd 
00000114768 
Michael E. McCarthy 
2016 
/1991 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
MST TRUST dtd 03/13/2000 
00000219918 
Carolin Botzenhard 
2016 
12/4/2000 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Benenson Funding Corporation 
00000028642 
Andrea Nicoletti 
2016 
3/20/1986 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Thornwood Associates Limited Partnership 
00000424351 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
11/30/2010 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Lone Star Fund VI (U.S.), L.P. 00000419926 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
7/1/2008 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
SCP Baseball, LP 
00000437759 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
8/7/2009 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Nevada Land III LLC 
00000438525 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
8/13/2009 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
The Gary E. Primm Family Trust dated April 10, 1984 
00000439260 
Brian Convey 
2016 
12/18/2009 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
00000443214 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
12/10/2009 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
HBRK Associates, Inc 
00000487223 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
11/1/2013 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
New York Strategy Group, LLC 
00000487215 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
11/1/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Westbury Management Group LLC 
00000488487 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2016 
11/13/2013 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Carlyle Realty Partners VI LP 
00000487527 
Joanne Jensen 
2016 
11/18/2013 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Westpoint Pakistan LLC 00000486678 
Rosemary Vrablic 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Hyperion Air, LLC 
00000487225 
Stewart Oldfield 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael 
JEGE, LLC 
00000487216 
Stewart Oldfield 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
JEGE, Inc 
00000487244 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
Neptune, LLC 
00000487264 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
The 2007 Jeffrey E. Epstein 
11/1/2013 
Armen Brash, 
NES, LLC 
00000487265 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
Plan D, LLC 
00000487219 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. 
Stewart Oldfield 
Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Stewart Oldfield 
Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Insurance Trust #3 00000487199 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
11/8/2013 
Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Stewart Oldfield 
2016 
10/18/2013 
Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
2016 
9/17/2013 
US-Onshore 
2016 
10/18/2013 
Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
2016 
10/18/2013 
US-Onshore 
Armen 
2016 
10/18/2013 
Armen 
US-Onshore 
2016 
10/18/2013 
Armen 
Armen 
Armen 
1/11 
Arme 
Arme 
Arme 
Arme 
Arme 
Arme 
Arme 
Brash, 
Brash, 
Brash, 
Brash, 
Brash, 
EFTA01398926
--- PAGE 4 ---
US-Onshore_TempExceptDue 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing Queue 
Due in 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
Days Overdue 
MSR 
Silo 
01548895 
00000454163 
Batmasian, Marta 
Client 00000454164 
Carlos Arrizurieta 
9/21/2016 
Update on ongoing litigation. 
Armen Brash 
-82 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, 
Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01589365 
00000535798 
Spencer Family GRAT B 
Prospect 
00000156618 
Liz Payne 
8/24/2016 
Executed Grat 
Armen Brash 
-54 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01589838 
00000499416 
Blackstone Energy Partners II L.P. 
Client 00000410142 
Joan 
ne Jensen 
7/1/2016 
Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01591639 
00000535829 
Burns Family Residual Trust 
Client 00000251883 
Liz Payne 
9/7/2016 
standard temp exception for fully executed agent agreement 
Armen Brash 
-68 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01594454 
00000482257 
Patricia A. and Stephen C. Schott, 2012 Dynasty Trust 
Prospect 
00000435881 
Ed Lok 9/10/2016 
Standard 90 days temporary exception for executed DB trustee 
acceptance agreement has been approved Armen Brash 
-71 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael 
J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01603565 
00000481415 
Carlyle Global Financial Services Partners II LP 
Prospect 
00000409003 
Joanne Jensen 
7/29/2016 
Temp Exception granted for Joinder Agreement which w 
ill be obtained at closing 
Andrew F Gallivan 
-28 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael 
J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
EFTA01398927
--- PAGE 5 ---
US-Onshore_impExcptOver 
Temporary Exceptions- Domestic (All Overdue) 
7/1/2016 
6/1/2016 
Overdue by more than 90 days/Closing 
Overdue by more than 60 days 
Overdue by more than 30 days 
Queue 
Case Number 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Customer Record Type 
Relationship Number 
Cust 
omer Owner 
Exception Expires 
Reason for Exception (If Applicable) 
EM 
Days Overdue 
MSR 
Silo 
01438669 
00000454163 
Batmasian, Marta 
Client 00000454164 
Carlos Arrizurieta 
3/18/2016 
Monitor ongoing lawsuits. 
Andrew F Gallivan 
105 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01471242 
00000412545 
Florescue, Barry W, 
Client 00000412546 
Carlos Arrizurieta 
3/31/2016 
Borrowers' resolution to be obtained at closing Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01518437 
00000526141 
VR Kona Coast, LLC 
Client 00000498398 
Daniel Kay 
3/22 
/2016 
Current owner of VR Kona Coast llc is EPC Exchange Corporation, a 3rd party 1031 accommodato 
r. It will NOT remain an owner when exchange is completed 3/22/16. Request temp exception to accept 
this qualified intermediary as a kyc party until the exchange. Lee Rutter 
101 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01532437 
00000528995 
Spencer Family GRAT A 
Client 00000156618 
Liz Payne 
4/29 
/2016 
Andrew F Gallivan 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
y 
US-Onshore 
01534272 
00000528995 
Spencer Family GRAT A 
Client 00000156618 
Liz Payne 
5/2/ 
2016 
Executed GRAT 
Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01553399 
00000531258 
Marsh Family Trust 
Client 00000162650 
Liz Payne 
6/30 
/2016 
A standard 90 day exception was granted for the trust TINI and fully executed document. Andr 
ew F Gallivan 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01561572 
00000499130 
GTIS BRAZIL REAL ESTATE FUND III 
Prospect 
00000494504 
Terri Sohrab 
5/4/2016 
A 30 day temporary exception for receipt of appropriate signing auth 
ority as contemplated within the AML Policy is extended as our counsel will not allow the loan to cl 
ose unless appropriate signing authority is received. 
Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01561771 
00000514400 
Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II L.P. Client 00000410142 
Joanne Jensen 
4/4/2016 
executed joinder 
Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01563655 
00000495826 
Carlyle Power Partners II-A, LP Prospect 
00000409003 
Joan 
ne Jensen 
5/4/2016 
TE granted for borrower's resolution to be obtained at closing. Arme 
n Brash 58 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01564412 
00000534974 
Oaktree Real Estate Opportunities Fund VII GP, L.P. 
Prospect 
00000419766 
Cheryl Paller 
5/20/2016 
TE granted to obtain borrower's resolution at closin 
g. 
lee hutter 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
U5-O 
nshore 
01567768 
00000535075 
Dover Street VIII L.P. Client 00000420636 
Joanne Jensen 
4/18 
/2016 
Temporary exception for signing authority to be obtained at closing 
Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01572862 
00000514948 
Westbrook Real Estate Fund X, LP 
Client 00000424752 
Joan 
ne Jensen 
6/10/2016 
day Temporary Exception for a borrowers resolution which will be 
issued through this Joinder agreement as stipulated in our procedure manual. 
Armen Brash 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
01333478 
00000499130 
GTIS BRAZIL REAL ESTATE FUND III 
Prospect 
00000494504 
Terri Sohrab 
2/23/2016 
Exception has been extended temporary exception extended Temporary E 
xception for Borrower's Resolution 
Kimberly Hart 
129 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael 
J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
EFTA01398928
--- PAGE 6 ---
US-Onshore_ACUwMatChngs 
Annual Client Update: ID 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Primary Officer Relationship 
Meet 
ing/Call Date 
Material Changes 
A15. Client Status Update Description 
Days Overdue - 30 
MSR 
Bank 
Silos 
COMMENTS 
75412 
00000026833 
Burton, Katherine 
Kim Hart 
BURTON, KATE RELATIONSHIP 
6/3/ 
2016 
Please see ACU comment There is no contact with this client. She is a "mutual fund only" cl 
ient with no open Private Bank accounts. The mutual fund account is associated with a "dealer code" 
that associates it to the Private Bank. We are trying to get the account coded correctly or funds es 
cheated. In the meantime, there has been no account activity. The client has $77.19 invested in the 
ICT Treasury Portfolio. -2 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New 
York 
US-Onshore 
Update Required 
75413 
00000179446 
Reist, Derrick Kim Hart 
REIST, J&L RELATIONSHIP 6/3/2016 
Plea 
se see ACU comment 
There is no contact with this client. He is a "mutual fund only" client with 
no open Private Bank accounts. The mutual fund account is associated with a "dealer code" that asso 
ciates it to the Private Bank. We are trying to get the account coded correctly or funds escheated. 
In the meantime, there has been no account activity. The client has $18.43 invested in the ICT Treas 
ury Portfolio. -2 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Update Required 
75739 
00000240701 
McMahan, Linda Terrence Tangney 
MCMAHAN, LINDA RELATIONSHIP 
3/25 
/2016 
address change. same state. Street Address 10 Golf Drive Apt 301 City Plymouth State MA Zip 
02360 Cntry USA address change. client moved to a condo. same state. Street Address 10 Golf Drive Ap 
t 301 City Plymouth State MA Zip 02360 Cntry USA 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael 
J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Update Required 
75953 
00000508784 
Sullivan, Brian Frances Carolin Botzenhard 
SULLIVAN, BRIAN RELATIONSHIP 
6/17/2016 
Brian Sullivan - 6/17 visited here ? Zach and Carolin met with Brian to discuss curr 
ent portfolio performance, additional investments into his balanced IA DPM strategy as well as Vista 
PE fund. Based upon our meeting, Brian has decided to invest $ 500K into the Vista Fund 
Addr 
ess changed, purchased new home. DB holds the mortgage. -16 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael 
J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Los Angeles 
US-Onshore 
Update Required 
76043 
00000449023 
Napoli Bern, Ripka LLP Joanne Jensen 
BERN, MARC. J RELATIONSHIP 
6/28 
/2016 
The client has all their operating accounts with DB with an average balance of $15MM current 
ly. 
Paul Napoli and Marc Bern have split off to their respective lawfirms, Napoli Shkolnik LLP a 
nd Bern Ripka LLP, and plaintiffs' cases have been divided between the two firms. 
-27 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Upda 
to Required 
76127 
00000449022 
Napoli Bern & Associates, LLP 
Joanne Jensen 
BERN, MARC. J RELATIONSHIP 
6/28/2016 
The client has all their operating accounts with DB with an average balance of $78 -
$80 MM in total. Bankers Joanne Jensen, Jennifer Shaw, Jessica Wilbur and team are in constant cont 
act with the client. To our knowledge, they are satisfied with their relationship with DB thus far. 
Paul Napoli and Marc Bern are in the process of splitting off into two respective law firms. The fir 
ms will divide the plaintiffs' cases evenly and proceed on their own. 
-27 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Update Required 
76128 
00000449024 
Napoli Bern, Ripka & Associates, LLP 
Joanne Jensen 
BERN, MARC. J RELATI 
ONSHIP 6/28/2016 
The client has all their operating accounts with DB with an average balance 
of $78 - $80 MM in total. Bankers Joanne Jensen, Jennifer Shaw, Jessica Wilbur and team are in const 
ant contact with the client. To our knowledge, they are satisfied with their relationship with DB th 
us far. Paul Napoli and Marc Bern are in the process of splitting off into their own respective law 
firms, Napoli Shkolnik LLP and Bern Ripka LLP. The plaintiffs' cases have been evenly divided by a c 
ourt-appointed referee between the two firms. 
-27 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Update Required 
70924 
00000478403 
Cleveland Thermal Holdings, LLC Joanne Jensen 
EVANS, CHARLES RELATIONSHIP 
10/26/2015 
The company was sold for $43MM to a Canadian energy company. The sale is still under 
way. 
Mr. Evans received $43.89MM for the sale of Cleveland Thermal. 219 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Update KYC is requir 
ed. $43.89mi1 is substantial amount of his source of wealth considering his etimated annual income i 
s $1 mil. 
73702 
00000420458 
Weisel, Thomas Ed Lok WEISEL, THOMAS RELATIONSHIP 
2/26/2016 
4-2-
15, No significant changes or updates There are no material changes to report. Mr. Weisel's net wort 
h has remained constant over the past few years. He is working to pay off debt and maintain liquidit 
y. 
8-12-13: There is negative media surrounding Lance Armstrong and Thomas Weisel's sponsorship 
company, Trail Wind. Investigation is ongoing with the civil suit. 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Requires update if t 
he 8/12/13 negative media has not been cleared. 
72422 
00000483569 
Benvenuti, Siena 
Ed Lok NANCY EMERSON DAVIS RELATIONSHIP 
12/1 
6/2015 This is a custodial account. 
Custodian Nancy Emerson Davis passed away 3-15-2015. Her est 
ate is going through probate court with includes a petition for custodial change. 
168 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
us-onshore 
Requ 
ires udpate: 01425113 is only for Riley Benvenuti 
72423 
00000483568 
Benvenuti, Rocco 
Ed Lok NANCY EMERSON DAVIS RELATIONSHIP 
12/1 
6/2015 This is a custodial account. 
Custodian Nancy Emerson Davis passed away 3-15-2015. Her est 
ate is going through probate court with includes a petition for custodial change. 
168 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Requ 
ires udpate: 01425113 is only for Riley Benvenuti 
72426 
00000483570 
Sedar, Anne 
Ed Lok NANCY EMERSON DAVIS RELATIONSHIP 
12/16/2015 
This is a custodial account. 
Custodian Nancy Emerson Davis passed away 3-15-2015. Her estate is g 
oing through probate court with includes a petition for custodial change. 
168 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Requires udp 
ate: 01425113 is only for Riley Benvenuti 
72427 
00000483571 
Seder, John 
Ed Lok NANCY EMERSON DAVIS RELATIONSHIP 
12/16/2015 
EFTA01398929
--- PAGE 7 ---
This is a custodial account. 
Custodian Nancy Emerson Davis passed away 3-15-2015. Her estate is g 
oing through probate court with includes a petition for custodial change. 
168 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Requires udp 
ate: 01425113 is only for Riley Benvenuti 
68984 
00000210664 
Moldaw, Stuart Russell Daulton MOLDAW RELATIONSHIP 
7/3/2015 
The 
only relationship we have with the client is the BT Private Equity fund. Compliance comment: 3/12/12 
only investment is a private equity fund that is closed for investors. No instructions will be take 
n from persons associated with the account and is reflected on the KYC. Stuart Moldaw passed away in 
May 2008. DB lost contact with the client prior to his death and received no information to change 
the title of the account or to update signers. The client's family see no reason to make any account 
changes as Mrs. Moldaw deposits any fund distributions to a outside account where she has signing a 
uthority. 
334 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisc 
o 
US-Onshore 
Need Update or close the account 
71114 
00000447928 
The Hu/Luo Family 2005 Trust 
Russell Daulton HU, GEORGE RELATIONSHIP 10/2 
1/2015 George is looking into putting some of his new company into trust for his children and is st 
ill considering creating a DAF. George left salesforce.com last November and has now started his own 
company. It is based in San Francisco. 224 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Need update 
74595 
00000131066 
Hernstadt, Hayley 
Liz Payne 
HERNSTADT, WILLIAM H RELATIONSHIP 
4/28/2016 
Hayley Hernstadt is believed to have recently graduated from Med School and is now 1 
iving in Australia. We are waiting to get her updated contact information. 
Hayley Hernstadt is 
believed to have recently graduated from Med School and is now living in Australia. We are waiting t 
o get her updated contact information. 34 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Need Update 
72176 
00000406850 
Shlens, Robert D. 
Deirdre Judge 
SHLENS, ROB RELATIONSHIP 
1/5/ 
2016 
Robert Shlens passed away in December 2014 
Robert Shlens passed away in December 2014. 
The CPA confirmed via email 1/5/16 that probate was not finished, so there are still no documents to 
appoint a new owner for the accounts. 148 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
Los Angeles 
US-Onshore 
Need Update 
72373 
00000218177 
Pacific Health Corporation 
Malcolm Kimble PACIFIC HEALTH RELATIONSHIP 
1/13/2016 
We are unable to contact the client as this company no longer exists. 
This company 
is no longer in existance. The funds in their accounts were used to pay down a loan of credit, and 
$117.04 is left in the account. We do not know where to remit these funds. 
140 
Armen Brash, 
Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Need Update 
72476 
00000446276 
PTV Corp. 
Terrence Tangney 
SOUTH STREET ADVISORS RELATIONSHIP 
11/30/2015 
Per Katy Cheng: The Country of Incorporation for PTV is British Virgin Islands(certi 
ficate of good standing is in the repository) and the mailing address is in Cayman Island(which is w 
here CTC Corp is incorporated-also in the repository). I checked the old w8 on file, it?s completed 
the same way. I see the below as the owner address (permanent address) which is the same as what?s o 
n W8. Permanent address is: Fleming House Wickhams Cay, Road Town Tortola, BVI Per Katy Cheng: The 
Country of Incorporation for PTV is British Virgin Islands(certificate of good standing is in the re 
pository) and the mailing address is in Cayman Island(which is where CTC Corp is incorporated-also i 
n the repository). I checked the old w8 on file, it?s completed the same way. I see the below as the 
owner address (permanent address) which is the same as what?s on W8. Permanent address is: Fleming 
House Wickhams Cay, Road Town Tortola, BVI 
184 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Need Update 
73082 
00000474133 
Aurora Trust 
Ed Lok ARORA, NIKESH RELATIONSHIP 
9/9/2015 
Clie 
nt changed jobs and is now the Vice Chairman at Softbank Corp and CEO of Softbank Internet and Media 
Inc. 
3-10-15 Client changed jobs and is now the Vice Chairman at Softbank Corp and CEO of Softban 
k Internet and Media Inc. 
266 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
Y 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Need Update 
75162 
00000158024 
HELENE D GILROY EST WALTER GRUENDL TR 
Sequana Beale 
GILROY, HELENE D REL 
ATIONSHIP 
5/19/2016 
The income beneficiary of this trust, Walter Gruendl, died on May 4, 
2016 and the Trust terminates in full. Pursuant to power of appointment exercised in Will of Walter 
Gruendl, trust assets distribute out to his domestic partner and beneficiary, Cassandra Bilodeau. K 
indley perform PCR searches on Cassandra Bilodeau and attach the results to the client (Trust) on DB 
force. We estimate that partial distributions may be made in the next three months and this Trust wi 
be closed in approximately 6 months. The income beneficiary of this trust, Walter Gruendl, died o 
n May 4, 2016 and the Trust terminates in full. Pursuant to power of appointment exercised in Will o 
f Walter Gruendl, trust assets distribute out to his domestic partner and beneficiary, Cassandra Bil 
odeau. Kindley perform PCR searches on Cassandra Bilodeau and attach the results to the client (Trus 
t) on DBforce. We estimate that partial distributions may be made in the next three months and this 
Trust will be closed in approximately 6 months. 13 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
Jacksonville 
US-Onshore 
Need update 
75227 
00000421852 
Shorenstein Realty Services East LLC 
Lindsy Sanders SHORENSTEIN RELATION 
SHIP 
5/20/2016 
The Managing Member of Shorenstein Management Inc passed away in November fr 
om cancer. He was not a signer on the account but we will confirm all signers in follow-up conversat 
ions. Shorenstein Properties continues to thrive and is about to raise their 11th fund. There has be 
en some conversation about investing in multifamily properties as an annuity for future generations. 
The Managing Member of Shorenstein Management Inc (Doug Shorenstein) passed away in November from ca 
ncer. He was not a signer on the account but we will confirm all signers in follow-up conversations. 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Need update 
71155 
00000478402 
Charon Capital Management, LLC Joanne Jensen 
EVANS, CHARLES RELATIONSHIP 
11/5/2015 
Mr. Evans is now engaged in investing his assets from the sale of his company. As p 
reviously described, Mr. Evans sold one of his companies for $44MM and has moved a significant porti 
on of this wealth into his DB accounts. 209 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Need KYC update 
74959 
00000506872 
The Gregg S. Hymowitz Irrevocable Trust dtd 9/10/2007 
Joanne Jensen 
HYMO 
EFTA01398930
--- PAGE 8 ---
WITZ, GREGG RELATIONSHIP 
5/5/2016 
Mr. Hymowitz is a hedge fund and asset management pr 
ofessional. This account was set up for one of his trusts, but it currently holds no assets. 
Greg 
g Hymowitz recently sold his company, EnTrust Capital, to Legg Mason for $400MM. 
Arme 
n Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Need 
KYC update 
75115 
00000508573 
ASL Media Holdings, LLC George Zahringer 
OREN, AHMET RELATIONSHIP 
2/19/2016 
No changes. 
N/A 
103 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Litigation against DB entity. Need more details. 
75304 
00000181607 
Gevers, Francoise 
Douglas Robertson 
GEVERS, #151# RELATIONSHIP 
5/24/2016 
I received an email from attorney, Glenn M. Troost, on behalf of Francoise Gevers. F 
rancoise passed away. Currently, Glenn is working with the courts to establish a succession plan. We 
cannot take any action until a plan is in place. 
I received an email from attorney, Glenn M. 
Troost, on behalf of Francoise Gevers. Francoise passed away. Currently, Glenn is working with the c 
ourts to establish a succession plan. We cannot take any action until a plan is in place. 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC 
in Progress: #1607827 
73411 
00000475602 
Dauphin Fletcher, Aurelie 
Mark Gonzalez 
DAUPHIN, AURELIE RELATIONSHI 
P 
1/27/2016 
Aurelie's income is mainly derived from periodic stipends through a trust es 
tablished by her father. other source of income is from her investment accounts. 
Her father r 
ecently passed away and she's spending more time in Europe to be close to her family. Her father's e 
state has yet to be settled. 
126 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
y 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress #1485452 
66205 
00000417820 
H Mountain, Inc. 
Mary Ann Coleman 
STERN, ED RELATIONSHIP 1/14 
/2015 
No material changes 
Change in utlimate beneficial ownership structure. A KYC update will 
be submitted 
504 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - 01400097 
66208 
00000251764 
Alerion Strategies Holdings Ltd Mary Ann Coleman 
STERN, ED RELATIONSH 
IP 
1/14/2015 
No material change to report. Minimal assets remaining. Change in ultimate b 
eneficial ownership structure. A KYC update will be submitted. 504 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, 
Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - 01400097 
66207 
00000420241 
Hartz Capital Investments, Ltd. Mary Ann Coleman 
STERN, ED RELATIONSH 
IP 
1/14/2015 
No material changes 
Change to ultimate beneficial ownership structure. A 
KYC update will be submitted. 504 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
y 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - 01342457 
66209 
00000410125 
Hartz Capital, Inc. 
Mary Ann Coleman 
STERN, ED RELATIONSHIP 1/14 
/2015 
No material changes to report. Change to ultimate beneficial ownership structure. A KYC upd 
ate will be submitted. 504 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New 
York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - 01342457 
56429 
00000434210 
Deniz Yatirim Menkul Kiymetler A.S 
Mary Ann Coleman 
DEXIA GROUP 
RELATIONSHIP 
5/30/2013 
There are not any material changes at Deniz Yatirim Menkul Kiymetler 
A.S. but their parent company DenizBank has been taken over by Russian Sberbank. Deniz Yatirim is 1 
00% owned by DenizBank. See above under A15. 
1098 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - 01304804 
70030 
00000160604 
Freda L Hartfield Trust Marcy Morgan 
HARTFIELD, FREDA L RELATIONSHIP 9/2/ 
2015 
None 
This trust is terminating due to death of beneficiary Freda Hartfield on 08/29/2015-
Payable outright to Peter Burling-20 Lang Road, Cornish, NH 03745 (Please run PCR search) 
273 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC 
in Progress - #01342457 
66864 
00000406850 
Shlens, Robert D. 
Deirdre Judge 
SHLENS, ROB RELATIONSHIP 
1/12 
/2015 
Robert Shlens passed away in December 2014 
Robert Shlens passed away in December 2014 
506 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Los Angeles 
US-Onshore 
1303444 is not to resolve ACU 66864. 
72328 
00000420241 
Hartz Capital Investments, Ltd. Mary Ann Coleman 
STERN, ED RELATIONSH 
IP 
1/5/2016 
No material changes 
We will be removing one signatory. KYC update to fol 
low 
148 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-O 
nshore KYC in Progress - #01342457 
72330 
00000410125 
Hartz Capital, Inc. 
Mary Ann Coleman 
STERN, ED RELATIONSHIP 1/5/ 
2016 
No material changes to report 
We will be removing one signatory. KYC update to follow 148 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC 
in Progress - #01342457 
68983 
00000407688 
Newell, Lee 
Russell Daulton NEWELL, LEE RELATIONSHIP 
7/3/2015 
No other changes 
Client has a mortgage, private equity and a small bank account which has $83 
0. He reaches out to us when he needs to update something but is otherwise non-responsive. 
334 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
San Francisco 
US-Onshore 
Acco 
unt is still active, please request for the account to be closed 
72077 
00000249003 
Gernert, Lynn 
Terrence Tangney 
WEILER/ARNOW RELATIONSHIP 
12/1 
5/2015 Lynn Gernert and Susan Weiler have a joint account 254098 which at their mutual request are 
splitting into 2 individual accounts. 
Lynn Gernert and Susan Weiler have a joint account 254098 wh 
ich at their mutual request are splitting into 2 individual accounts. 
169 
Armen Brash, Andrew 
Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - # 
01515565 
72087 
00000249003 
Gernert, Lynn 
Terrence Tangney 
WEILER/ARNOW RELATIONSHIP 
12/1 
5/2015 Lynn's new address is: 222 Park Avenue South Apt 11C New York, NY 10003 Lynn Gernert and Sus 
an Weiler have a joint account 254098 which at their mutual request are splitting into 2 individual 
accounts. 
169 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
KYC in Progress - # 01515565 
73376 
00000416180 
Alan C. Fox Revocable Trust 
Deirdre Judge 
FOX, ALAN RELATIONSHIP 3/4/ 
2016 
no material changes 
Alan is divorcing Daveen Fox and in a relationship with Asha Dusbabe 
k. 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Los Angeles 
US-O 
EFTA01398931
--- PAGE 9 ---
nshore AML to Close - No Material changes - Divorce doesn't impact the client's wealth. 
75369 
00000454634 
Madeleine Hilton McGraw Revocable Trust Michael Mullin MCGRAW, DSA RELATION 
SHIP 
5/27/2016 
Maddie currently makes $13 an hour. She has just over 500k with us and is co 
nsidering taking a small monthly distribution to help with her living expenses, probably between $1, 
000 and $1,500 a month. She is also currently in the process of moving to a new apartment. 
No m 
aterial changes at the moment. 5 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
Y 
New York 
US-Onshore 
No material changes 
72588 
00000485595 
Anchorage Partners, LP Brian Convey 
MARRIOTT, JOHN N RELATIONSHIP 
9/30 
/2015 
Address change Address change 245 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Micha 
el Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
AML to Close - No Material Change / Change of addres 
S 
ADDRESS CHANGE FROM: 
6106 MacArthur Blvd - Suite 110, Betheda, MD 
20816 USA 
TO: 
9737 Washingtonian Boulevard - Suite 404 
Gaithersburg, MD 20878 
No KYC Update is required. 
72230 
00000497530 
Bridgeton Holdings, LLC Susan Burnett 
BRIDGETON HOLDINGS, LLC RELATIONSHIP 
12/1/2015 
No significant changes in assets or income since the original KYC one year ago. n/a 
183 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
Los Angeles 
US-Onshore 
PEP Question responded by mistake, client is not a PEP. No material changes 
75958 
00000492719 
Trump Old Post Office LLC 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TRUMP, DONALD J. REL 
ATIONSHIP 
6/21/2016 
Currently the building is still in construction phase. The signific 
ant owner Donald Trump announced last year that he would be running for President of the US. It was 
addressed in the current KYC 
-20 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
y 
New York 
US-Onshore 
This has been documented in approved KYC #01419355 
72242 
00000448499 
Brown & Zhou LLC 
Mary Ann Coleman 
SLAV, ZIKI RELATIONSHIP 1/6/ 
2016 
The LLC's ownership structure has changed. 
change in ownership structure of the LLC a K 
YC update will be processed 
147 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacob 
Y 
New York 
US-Onshore 
Update has been documented, KYC Approved #01541611 
75016 
00000486423 
Jeepers, Inc 
Stewart Oldfield 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL RELATIONSHIP 3/2/ 
2016 
client estate advisory services, investments 
na 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, 
Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
New York 
US-Onshore 
This question was answered b 
y mistake - "Has a party been subject to a criminal or regulatory investigation or negative media?" 
--- another ACU was created (ACU #0075019), this one should be closed. 
EFTA01398932
--- PAGE 10 ---
acct opening 
Case Number 
Customer Name 
Created By 
Opened Date 
Product Description 
Exception Ex 
pires 
Created Alias 
Escalation Manager 
Silo 
Reason for Exception 
Fax Copies Exception 
Days Overdue 
01429361 
ASEAN China Investment Fund III L.P. 
Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
7/16/2015 
Bank 
ing 
int plan ►129. Please open a money market account for ASEAN China Investment Fund III L.P. T 
hey already have an account in the name of this entity, acct 42958006. Thank you. KYC: 01303850 and 
01345876 NAO: 9970455 Online - Yes 913575 existing Please email anna-sofiya.lupolover@db.com when th 
e account is opened. Thank you. 8/4/2015 
MNGMNT Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davi 
s, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
two week temporary exception for valid tax forms. 
239 
01443412 
Axia Realty, LLC 
Anna-Sofiya Lupolover 
8/21/2015 
ABR, Please vett the 
signers and approve the case with W-9 Please open a checking account for Axia Realty, LLC. There is 
already a money market account opened for this entity. KYC: 01352638 NAO: 10157045 Please email ann 
a-sofiya.lupolover@db.com with the account I once the account is opened. Thank you. 
9/8/2015 
MNGMNT Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
week excep 
tion for LLC resolution N 
214 
01493815 
SSW 2007 LLC 
Jj Litchford 
12/1/2015 
Branch - 800 Expense Code - 901013 N 
ew CD account KYC: 01279790 NAO: 10548015 jj.litchford@db.com 212 454 2879 
12/16/2015 
PB S 
-NY 
Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Two weeks to 
mporary exception granted by Vaishali to get a revised and recent LLC resolution. 
143 
01494377 
KWF 2007 LLC 
Jj Litchford 
12/2/2015 
CD 
ABR - Please approve. 800 Ex 
p code 901013 New CD account 12 month 0.95% KYC: 01280284 jj.litchford@db.com 212 454 2879 
12/1 
8/2015 PB S-NY Armen Brash, Andrew Galivan, Michael J. Davis, Michael Jacoby 
US-Onshore 
Two 
weeks temporary exception granted by Vaishali to get a revised and recent LLC resolution. 
141 
EFTA01398933

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398934.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398934.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Sept 2015 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Mon, 05 Oct 2015 11:37:19 -0400 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
> 1
Kimberly Hart 
Michael-J Davis a, 
Michael S Jacob 
Lee Flutter < 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Armen Brash ce. 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
Regards, 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
Fax.: +1 (212) 553-2397 
Email 
EFTA01398934

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398935.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398935.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: Apr 2016 AML/KYC Escalation Re orts [I] 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Date: Wed, 06 Apr 2016 12:26:39 -0400 
To: Armen Brash <a. 
Classification: For internal use only 
Can you get an idea of when our high risk will clear? 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Sent: Wednesday, April 06, 2016 12:22 PM 
To: Armen Brash; Andrew Gallivan; Michael S Jacoby; Lee Flutter; Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta 
Subject: Apr 2016 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
ACUs w/Mat Changes 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High - - - 7 7 
Moderate 2 5 7 15 29 
Low - 1 2 10 13 
Overdue Temporary Exceptions 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 15 - - 1 16 
Moderate 1 1 - - 2 
Low 2 - - - 2 
Overdue High Risk in Person Meetings 25 
Melisa Venegas 
EFTA01398935
--- PAGE 2 ---
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 160 Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 
EFTA01398936

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398937.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398937.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: FW: KYC List [ 
From: Andrew Gallivan < 
Date: Fri, 09 Jun 2017 15:41:43 -0400 
To: Samantha Harmon
Classification: For internal use only 
From: Daphne Cales 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 2:04 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Subject: RE: KYC List [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
This was what the email said: 
Good morning. 
Per the new global KYC policy a remediation project has been initiated to 
update KYCs for all clients identified as "High and Moderate" risk, and will 
eventually include "Low" risk as well. 
Attached you will find a list of your clients that are either due or coming 
due this year. My team will be assisting with the initial task of 
confirming that we have the basic information, including IDs, SSN, TINs and 
launching research requests on the last known parties. 
Once that is complete we will forward directly to the RCs/ROs for their 
review. They will need to reach out to the client for any missing 
information and confirmation that there has not been any material changes. 
It is imperative that this is done as quickly as possible. If there are any 
on the list that you have already done or would like to complete yourself 
due to any sensitive information please let me know. 
EFTA01398937
--- PAGE 2 ---
Feel free to contact me with any questions or concerns. 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cates 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cates 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 212 250-6535 
Fax +1 212 454-9719 
Mobile +1 
Email 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gifl 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 1:52 PM 
To: Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: KYC List [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
; Sheffali Welch 
I should get the list for the NY bankers 
From: Daphne Cates 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 1:47 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan; Sheffali Welch 
EFTA01398938
--- PAGE 3 ---
Subject: RE: KYC List [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Andrew, 
Would you like the lists for all bankers or just US Onshore? I will send 
under separate email as Sheffali has them already. I will also send you the 
email verbiage that was sent to them. 
Kind regards, 
Daphne Cales 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Daphne Cales 
Director I Banking Services & Branch Manager 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
WM Americas 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 212 250-6535 
Fax +1 212 454-9719 
Mobile +1 
Email 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gifl 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 12:55 PM 
To: Sheffali Welch < 
Cc: Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: KYC List [I] 
EFTA01398939
--- PAGE 4 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Full list 
From: Sheffali Welch 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 12:38 PM 
To: Andrew Gallivan 
Cc: Daphne Cales 
Subject: RE: KYC List [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Daphne, 
Can you please send Andrew a sample or a list of NYC? 
Andrew — would you like the full file or just a sample? Each banker 
received their list of upcoming KYCs for the year, as mentioned in the 
senior banker meeting. 
Kind regards, 
Sheffali 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gif} 
Sheffali Welch 
Chief Operating Officer, Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 11 
Mobile +1 
EFTA01398940
--- PAGE 5 ---
Email 
From: Andrew Gallivan 
Sent: Friday, June 09, 2017 12:24 PM 
To: Sheffali Welch 
Subject: KYC List [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Sheffali, 
I am beginning to get questions as to the list of KYC's that bankers got 
today. I did not see what has been provided can you have someone send me 
the information for the NY Bankers along with whatever instructions/-
directions were provided? 
Thanks, 
Andrew 
fhttps://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/logo.gifl 
Andrew Gallivan 
Managing Director 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Global Products & Solutions 
345 Park Avenue, 10154-0004 New York, NY, USA 
Tel. +1 212 454-2369 
Fax +1 646Iiiiiiiiiii, 
Mobile +1 
Email 
{https://brandportal.intranet.db.com/img/modules/claim.gif} 
EFTA01398941
--- PAGE 6 ---
EFTA01398942

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398943.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398943.pdf
----------------------------------------
Nicoletti 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Exempt Reason 
Alpern, Jerome 
Adam J. Goodman 
Andrea Nicoletti 
L. Weicker 1950 Trust FBO T. Weicker 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicoletti 
etti 
Type 
* High Risk 
* Moderate Risk 
Exemption Reason 
Customer Owner 
Client N 
Y 
5/3/2017 
Lifetime Revocable Trust 
Client 
L P Weicker Est L P Weicker Jr Etal Tr 
Joan M Kettenmann Trust Client N 
Limestone Partners 
Client Y 
BRENT, AVERIL R Client N 
Bailey, Lilly Beecher 
Client N 
Wang, Shu Fang Client N 
Marty s Dorothy Silverman Foundation 
Leggett III, John D. 
Client N 
Schultz, Michael 
Client N 
Isles, Christopher 
Client N 
The Mikael M. Purne and Judith Torres 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Sussek, Randall Client N 
Majerholc Esq., Norbert Client N 
Laplante, Eric H 
Client N 
Friedman, Solomon P. 
Client N 
Walsh, Michael J. 
Client N 
Mtb Holdings 
Client N 
Cohen, Edwin 
Client N 
Friedberg, Richard 
Client N 
Mathez, Hugues Client N 
Michael s Mary D. Benziger Family 
• Trust 
Felice L. Zambetti 1992 Family Trust 
Rutherfurd Jr., Esq., Winthrop 
Silverstein, Roger A. 
Client 
Trust Uwo Joseph Causin Client 
Olmsted, Alexandra M. 
Client 
Tran Ventures Llc 
Client 
Tran, William 
Client N 
Lisa Stewart Family Trust under Article 1.0 
Client N 
Client N 
Client Y 
Annual 
Andrea 
5/9/2017 
5/10/2017 
5/16/2017 
Andrea 
5/18/2017 
5/19/2017 
Andrea 
Client N 
Purne 
5/20/2017 
5/24/2017 
5/24/2017 
Family Trust 
6/3/2017 
Andrea 
6/7/2017 
6/13/2017 
6/16/2017 
6/30/2017 
7/5/2017 
Andrea 
7/6/2017 
Andrea 
7/21/2017 
7/21/2017 
Andrea 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Client Update Due Dat 
Nicoletti 
5/4/2017 
5/5/2017 
Andr 
5/5/2017 
Andr 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
5/20/2017 
Andrea 
Andrea 
Andrea 
Client 
Andr 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
7/26/2017 
8/2/2017 
Andr 
Andr 
Y 
8/2/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Y 
8/2/2017 
8/4/2017 
Y 
8/16/2017 
8/16/2017 
8/16/2017 
Andrea 
etti 
Castleman, Lauriston 
Client N 
Fouty, Claudia Client N 
Quattrocchi, Lisa 
Client Y 
Benenson Funding Corporation 
Client 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
8/17/2017 
Y 
8/22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
8/23/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
8/29/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
8/29/2017 
Corporate/PI 
Tther Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU 
Andrea Nicoletti 
332 East 84 Street Owners Corp. Client Y 
8/29/2017 
Corporate/PI 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU 
Andrea Nicoletti 
1447 Mccombs Road, Llc Client Y 
8/29/2017 
Corporate/PIC/Other 
iiiiiiiiiiirnts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU
Andrea Nicoletti 
The Benenson Investments Co 
Client Y 
8/29/2017 
Corporate/PI 
iiiiiiiiiiiity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Edward H. Benenson of Connecticut LLC 
Client Y 
8/29/2017 
Corp 
orate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's ACU 
Andrea Nicoletti 
HRR Associates LLC 
Client Y 
8/29/2017 
Corporate/PIC/Other 
- See Owner/Signatory's ACU 
Andrea Nicoletti 
AMLI Holding Co. II 
Client Y 
8/29/2017 
Corporate/PIC/Other 
- See Owner/Signatory's ACU 
Thorne, Alta 
Client N 
McConnell, Sandra M. 
Client 
Thorne, Daniel K. 
Client 
Fremina Client Y 
Hans W. Mathiesen Trust Client 
Minafre Client Y 
THE RICHARD ZINMAN 2000 INSURANC 
Entit Accounts 
Entity Accounts 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicoletti 
ea N co ett 
ea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
8/30/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Y 
8/31/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Y 
9/6/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
9/6/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
9/8/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
9/8/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
E TRUST Client N 
Y 
9/9/2017 
THE AUDREY ZINMAN 2000 INSURANCE TRUST Client N 
Alice M Ripley Trust 
Client N 
9/12/2017 
O'Hara, Mary J. Client N 
9/13/2017 
Andrea 
Rooney Jr, Paul C 
Client N 
Y 
9/13/2017 
Kristen L Mc Connell Tr U/a Dtd 3-2-02 Client N 
Windels, Mary H Client N 
9/19/2017 
ANNA G L MC CONNELL TR U/A DTD 3/2/02 
Client N 
9/9/2017 
Andr 
Andr 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
9/14/2017 
Andr 
Andrea Nicoletti 
9/21/2017 
Andr 
EFTA01398943
--- PAGE 2 ---
Robert Sterling Clark Foundation 
Client N 
Kahn, Anthony F Client N 
9/22/2017 
Andrea 
Causin, Mary B. Client N 
9/23/2017 
Andrea 
Elene De Saint Phalle Revocable Trust UA 8/2/04 Client N 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Fioravanti, Olga 
Client N 
9/28/2017 
Boussard, Jean Luc M 
Client N 
9/28/2017 
Bomonti, Nancy M. 
Client N 
9/29/2017 
Amon III, Carl H 
Client N 
9/29/2017 
CAROL A BENZIGER REV TR 10-18-02 
Client N 
Peigney, Gilles Client N 
Y 
Colvin, Geoffrey J. 
Client N 
Donovan, Thomas F. 
Client N 
Windels III, Paul 
Client N 
Article Fourth Trust U/W/O of Ruth 
n rea ico etti 
:=1 
Irving Sitnick TTEE, 
ea Nicoletti 
Irving Sitnick TTEE, Sharon 
1.....11/2017 
Irving 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Irving 
11/2017 
Irving 
iiIIIIIIiii11/2017
Andrea Nicoletti 
Windels, James H. 
Client 
Donovan Esq., Maureen D. 
etti 
4/2017 Andre 
etti 
etti 
Harrison 
10/3/2017 
Andrea 
10/5/2017 
10/7/2017 
10/11/2017 
Client N 
9/22/2017 
Andr 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
9/23/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
9/30/2017 
Andr 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/11/2017 
James H. Michaels Insurance Trust Client N 
Y 
10/1 
Anne Neubauer Insurance Trust U/I/D 3/28/80 Client N 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Sitnick TTEE, Frank Neubauer 1990 Trust Client N 
Y 
10/11/2017 
Sitnick TTEE, Deborah R. Neubauer Insurance Trust U/I/D 3/28/80 Client N 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Sitnick TTEE, Tamara L. Neubauer Insurance Trust U/I/D 3/28/80 
Client N 
Client
10/12/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/12/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Harbor House Trust 
Client N 
Estate of Alice M. Ripley 
Client N 
Gerard N. Benziger Revocable Trust 
a Nicoletti 
Olmsted, Stephanie 
Client 
Lotos Club 
Client N 
The Lotos Foundation, Inc. 
Alpern, Enid L. Client N 
Holzer, Chaytor Client N 
NAMADA Florida LLC 
Client N 
Namada Partners, G.P. 
Client N 
Wolff, Sarah Eppler 
Client N 
Moskin Esq., Morton 
Client N 
Colvin, Jeremy Paul 
Client N 
Eppler, Alexander James Client N 
Grossman, Matthew A. 
Client N 
Wolff, Jacob A. Client N 
Ruthe Eppler Trust FBO Michael Benjamin 
Andrea Nicoletti 
iliiiilliiirea 
rea 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicoletti 
etti 
The Lotos Club Pension Plan 
Thomas F Donovan Trust Client 
Elizabeth A. Donovan Trust 
10/12/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/12/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
U/A Dated 10/18/02 
Client N 
10/1 
Y 
Client 
Client N 
Client N 
10/17/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/18/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Y 
10/18/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
10/19/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
10/19/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/19/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
10/21/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/21/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Y 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Y 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
• 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
• 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Eppler Client N 
Y 
10/24/2017 
Ruthe Eppler Trustee FBO Jeremy Colvin U/A DTD 11/22/94 Client 
Nicoletti 
Ruthe Eppler Trustee FBO Leigh Colvin U/A DTD 11/22/94 Client 
Nicoletti 
Michael Benjamin Eppler Client N 
JAL Management I LLC 
Client N 
Colvin, Leigh Elizabeth Client N 
Wolff, Matthew Client N 
LAJ Management I, LLC 
Client N 
Eppler, Ruthe 
Client N 
WEC Associates, LLC 
Client N 
EPPCO Holdings LLC 
Client N 
NEW Aspen LLC 
Client N 
MEC Aspen LLC 
Client N 
Nancy Eppler Wolff 2012 GST Trust 
• 
10/24/2017 
10/24/2017 
10/24/2017 
10/24/2017 
Andrea 
10/24/2017 
10/24/2017 
Andrea 
10/24/2017 
Y 
10/24/2017 
10/24/2017 
Andrea 
10/24/2017 
Andrea 
Client N 
Marcia Eppler Colvin 2012 GST Trust 
Client 
David M. Eppler 2012 GST Trust Client 
Y 
10/2 
Y 
10/2 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
10/24/2017 
Andr 
10/24/2017 
Andr 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Article FOURTH GST Exempt Trust fib/0 Ruthe Eppler u/w Heinz Eppler 
Client N 
Y 
10/24/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
EFTA01398944
--- PAGE 3 ---
Eppler Life Insurance Trust U/A/D 09/14/93 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Tran Thiet, Jean-Paul 
Client N 
Zambetti, Jonathan 
Client N 
Stewart Asset Management No. 1, LLC 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicoletti 
Wei 
etti 
etti 
etti 
ea Nicoletti 
WPS Advisors Ltd 
Client N 
Lisa Stewart Family S-Corp Trust 
Shamrock Aviation, Inc. Client N 
Abacus Tr Ltd. as Ttees of NN Tr 
1997 Unitrust F/8/0 F. J. Ray 
Client 
Robert S. Clark 1950 Trust 
Client 
Mcconnell, Neil R. 
Sussek, John 
Client 
Sussek Realty Holding, 
Client 
LLC 
Client 
Neil A Mcconnell Est S Mcconnell Trust 
Wolff, John H. Client N 
Nickman Family Tenancy-in Common AEN, 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Robert Kettenmann 
rea Nicoletti 
The Kettenmann 
4/2017 Andrea Nicoletti 
Moses & Singer Client N 
Suite 2500 Associates / Neuberger, 
11/15/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Suite 2500 Associates / WP Stewart,
15/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti
Fleischman, Albert 
Client Y 
Sitnick, Irving Client N 
Gunthel, Richard 
Client N 
Herman E Goodman & Estelle Goodman 
8/2017 Andrea Nicoletti 
Holzer, Leonard Client 
Florence Kahn Weinberg 
1/2017 Andrea Nicoletti 
Sundin, Mackenzie 
Client N 
Sundin, Callie Client N 
Colvin, Andrew David 
Client N 
GST Exempt T/U/W Art Sixth of Alice 
22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
GST Exempt T/U/W Art Sixth of 
11/22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
GST Exempt T/U/W Art Sixth of 
11/22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
BIC University Place LLC 
etti 
ea Nicoletti 
etti 
etti 
ea Nicoletti 
etti 
Wainwright, Candace D. Client 
Grossman, John A 
Client 
Grossman, Eliza Client N 
Claudia Z. Fouty Trust U/A dtd 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Olmsted, Katharine H. 
Client 
Y 
Inter Vivos 
Client N 
Y 
10/24/2017 
10/31/2017 
11/1/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
Y 
11/2/2017 
Andr 
11/2/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
Y 
11/2/2017 
Andr 
11/2/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
Y 
11/7/2017 
Andr 
11/7/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
11/7/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
11/8/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/10/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/10/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Client N 
Y 
11/14/2017 
Andr 
11/14/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
LLC as Primary Tenant 
Client N 
1997 Irrevocable Insurance Trust 
Client N 
Family 1997 Irrevocable Insurance Trust Client N 
11/15/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
T-I-C, CEW Partners as Chief Tenant Client N 
T-I-C, CEW Partners as Chief Tenant Client N 
11/16/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/16/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/17/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Foundation Inc. 
Client N 
Y 
11/1 
11/21/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Trust U/T/A 11/29/77 Client N 
Y 
11/2 
11/22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/22/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
M Ripley fbo George G Windels 
Client N 
Alice M Ripley 
Alice M Ripley 
Client 
Mcconnell, Lucinda 
Client N 
Green, Franklin L 
Client N 
Green, Joan Shapiro 
Client N 
Lisa S. Benenson Insurance Trust 
ARB Investors LLC 
Client N 
LQ Investors LLC 
Client N 
84th Street Partners 
Client N 
Popper, Samantha Drake Client N 
Lorotte, Rosine Client N 
POPPER, ANDREW Client N 
DANIEL K. FOUNDATION INC 
Client 
STAR LAKE LIBERTY LLC 
Client N 
Star Lake Bioventures, LLC 
Client 
Campaign for the Mary Rose, Inc. 
Star Lake Design Associates 
Client 
fbo Patrick E Windels 
fbo Thomas R Windels 
Y 
11/23/2017 
Client 
11/23/2017 
11/23/2017 
11/23/2017 
Client N 
Client N 
Andrea Nicol 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/23/2017 
Andr 
• 
11/23/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
• 
11/23/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
• 
11/23/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
• 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Client 
11/25/2017 
Andr 
11/25/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
11/25/2017 
11/28/2017 
11/28/2017 
Andrea 
1/25/2000 
Client N 
11/29/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
11/28/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
EFTA01398945
--- PAGE 4 ---
Jonathan P. Zambetti 2014 Annual Exclusion Trust 
Client 
2017 Andrea Nicoletti 
Trinder, Marsia M. 
Client 
Silverman, Lorin J. 
Client 
Reed Esq., John G. 
Client 
CJL Investment Company Client 
Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory s ACU 
SCHULTE, SANDRA JARMUTH Client 
11/30/2017 
Y 
11/30/2017 
Y 
11/30/2017 
11/30/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/30/2017 
Jonathan P. Zambetti Trust U/A dtd 1/25/2000 
Client N 
r a l 
etti 
Strauss 
etti 
Client 
Esq., Richard E. 
Client N 
Y 
11/3 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Corporate/PIC/Other 
Andrea Nicoletti 
11/30/2017 
Y 
12/1/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Castleman, Valerie 
Client N 
12/2/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Mathiesen, Hans William Client N 
12/2/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Windels, Catherine 
Client Y 
12/4/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
William, Olga Fioravanti TTEES William Fioravanti Defined Benefit Plant and Trus 
12/5/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Zambetti 1992 GST Exemption Trust 
Client N 
ea Nicoletti 
ea ,11.31.3. 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicoletti 
etti 
ea Nicoletti 
nt 
1/4/2018 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicole 
ea Nicoletti 
ea Nicoletti 
etti 
etti 
2/1/2018 
Ada Zambetti 2000 GST Exemption Trust 
Client N 
12/6/2017 
12/6/2017 
Zambetti, Ada 
Client N 
12/6/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Richard Zinman 2012 Insurance Trust 
Client N 
12/6/2017 
Andr 
Andr 
Andr 
Rover Esq., Edward F. 
Client N 
Y 
12/7/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
The Howard Herman 1998 Insurance Trust Client N 
12/7/2017 
Andr 
Sachs, David P Client N 
Y 
12/7/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Estate of David S. Schulte, Jr. Client N 
12/7/2017 
Andrea Nicol 
Ruby McConnell Supplemental Needs 
Fioravanti, William 
McConnell, B. Scott 
Hayden, Catherine D. 
W.P.S. SERVICES LLC 
Mitchell, Clyde Client 
Alice M. Ripley Trust DTD 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Estate Of Rachel Gei 
GST Exempt T/U/W Art 
12/28/2017 
Causin, Edward S. 
Rutherfurd, Mary K 
GST Exempt T/U/W Art 
12/29/2017 
Kettenmann, Robert K. 
Client N 
1/4/2018 
Kettenmann, Christopher Client N 
1/4/2018 
Kettenmann, Thomas 
Client N 
1/4/2018 
Joan Kettenmann Trust Bene IRA Catherine Kettenmann Deed 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Leggett, Susan C. 
Client N 
McCormick, Alison 
Client N 
Weicker, Theodore M. 
Client N 
Helen F Benziger 1990 Family Trust 
Holzer, Edward Client N 
Holzer, Christin 
Client N 
L P Weicker Est H Weicker Et At Tr 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
11-28-85 
Trust Client N 
12/8/2017 
Andr 
12/12/2017 
12/15/2017 
12/15/2017 
12/16/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
12/19/2017 
Andrea Nicoletti 
FB0 Patrick D. Windels 
Client N 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
12/28/2017 
Sixth of Alice M Ripley fbo Paul Eugene 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
Y 
12/29/2017 
Client N 
Y 
12/29/2017 
Sixth of Alice M Ripley fbo Mary Catherine 
Andrea Nicoletti 
L P Weicker Est T M Weicker Et Al Tr 
L P Weicker Est Mary A Mellor Etal Tr 
Goodwillie Jr., Esq., Eugene W. Client 
Ian David Eppler 
Client 
Hannah R. Hopkins 
Client 
Grossman, Charlotte Alexandra 
Lake Esq., Mark G. 
Client 
Gregory Stewart Trust 
Client 
Stewart Family LLC 
Client 
Schultz, Maggy Client N 
Maggy Frances L.L.C. 
Client 
Ruthe Eppler Trustee FB0 Alexander 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Neil Ryan McConnell 2013 Trust Client 
Client 
Client 
1/4/2018 
1/4/2018 
1/5/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Ru Hao Windels 
Clie 
Andrea Nicolett 
Andrea Nicolett 
Yue Lan Windels 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
1/5/2018 
Andr 
1/11/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
1/18/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client Y 
1/18/2018 
Andr 
Client 
Client 
Y 
1/18/2018 
1/18/2018 
• 
1/19/2018 
Y 
1/19/2018 
Andrea 
1/23/2018 
Andrea 
1/23/2018 
Y 
1/25/2018 
1/27/2018 
Y 
1/27/2018 
1/30/2018 
Andrea 
Y 
1/30/2018 
Eppler U/A DTD 11/11/94 
Andr 
Andr 
Andrea Nicol 
Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicol 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Nicoletti 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Client N 
2/1/2018 
Andrea Nicol 
etti 
EFTA01398946
--- PAGE 5 ---
Fishman Esq., Joseph L. Client N 
Y 
2/7/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
McCann, Kevin M Client N 
2/10/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Olmsted, Robert M. 
Client N 
2/22/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Eppler, David M. 
Client N 
Y 
2/22/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
DTC Corporation Client N 
Y 
2/23/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Kest, Martin 
Client N 
3/7/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Rockefeller Associates / Neuberger, T-I-C, CEW Partners as Chief Tenant 
Clie 
nt 
3/8/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Eppler-wolff, 
 Nancy 
Client N 
3/17/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Ruthe Eppler Trustee FBO Andrew Colvin U/A DTD 11/22/94 Client N 
Y 
3/17 
/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
Brent, Douglas B. 
Client N 
3/24/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
BRENT ENTERPRISES LLC 
Client N 
Y 
3/24/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
L. P. Weicker 1940 Trust FBO T. M. Weicker 
Client N 
4/27/2018 
Andrea Nicoletti 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398947

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398948.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398948.pdf
----------------------------------------
Walker 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
Ripplewood Advisors LLC Client Y 
Cohen, Lawrence Client N 
Lorani Partners Corporation 
Podesta, Anthony 
Client 
use only 
Y 
Client 
Y 
* Moderate Risk Annual Client Update Due Dat 
Customer Owner 
4/19/2017 
Chuck Walker 
9/29/2017 
Chuck Walker 
Y 
10/7/2017 
Chuck Walker 
10/17/2017 
Chuck Walker 
EFTA01398948

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398949.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398949.pdf
----------------------------------------
Robertson 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
* Moderate Risk 
Annual Client Update Due Date 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption 
Customer Owner 
Salvador Banziger, Marisol L. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
SOUTH STREET CAPITAL LP Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
IPP93 LP 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Reason 
IPP95 LP 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Weskids, Inc 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
WESASIA, LP 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
rtson 
W.S. Hills Associates LP 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Algal Inc 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
rtson 
Algal Partners Lp 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts 
See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Sd Partners Lp 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Olivieri, Frances R. 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
J. Peter Simon Insurance Trust 
Client Y 
Trust Client—See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas 
Gummer, Henry 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
e/Investment Advisor Relationship 
Douglas Robertson 
Olivieri Johnston Family Foundation 
Client Y 
2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Tohaiku LLC 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's ACU 
Douglas 
South Street Capital II LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
las Robertson 
JOHN PETER SIMON & JANET SIMON CHILDREN'S INSURANCE 
nt Y 
4/7/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon CLAT No. 9 U/W/O William E Simon 
Client Y 
2017 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
rtson 
Simon CLAT No. 7 U/W/O William E Simon 
Client Y 
EFTA01398949
--- PAGE 2 ---
4/7/2017 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
Dou las Robertson 
Simon CLAT No. 5 U/W/O William E Simon 
Client Y 
2017 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
rtson 
Simon CLAT No. 4 U/W/O William E Simon 
Client Y 
2017 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
rtson 
Simon CLAT No. 3 U/W/O William E Simon 
Client Y 
2017 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
rtson 
Simon CLAT No. 1 U/W/O William E Simon 
Client Y 
2017 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
rtson 
Julie Simon Munro Trust Dtd 12/20/05 FBO Gabriella Girard 
nt Y 
4/7/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for 
rustee 
Douglas Robertson 
Julie Simon Munro Trust Dtd 12/20/05 FBO Amelia Stother 
nt Y 
4/7/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for 
rustee 
Douglas Robertson 
The Munro Children's Trust U/A/D 8/17/00 Julie Simon Munro 
nt Y 
4/7/2017 
Trust Client - See ACU for 
rustee 
Douglas Robertson 
Gummer, Donald 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Alham Inc 
Client Y 
4/7/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
New Vernon Advisors Inc. 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon Bloom, Aimee 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Brueckner, Richard F. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Brown, Randolph Client N 
4/11/2017 
rtson 
Lefkowitz Esq., Stephen A. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Concord International Holdings LP 
Client N 
/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Krol Esq., Igor Client N 
Y 
4/13/2017 
rtson 
Bendheim, Andrew 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Kimmel, David S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Eisenberg, Michael 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Segerman, Adelaide 
Client N 
EFTA01398950
--- PAGE 3 ---
4/20/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Nash, Frank V. 
Client N 
4/21/2017 
ertson 
Lark Esq., J. Andrew 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Virginia A Benzak Trust u/w of Louis R Benzak Virginia A 
Client 
4/25/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Ippnet Llc 
Client Y 
4/29/2017 
IC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Simon, Cynthia L 
Client Y 
Family Office/Investment Advisor Relationship 
Douglas 
Turner Jr., Lewis 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Zia, Karim 
Client N 
Y 
4/29/2017 
ertson 
Angel, Valerie T 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Barrada, Karim 
Client N 
5/9/2017 
ertson 
Utendahl, John 
Client N 
Y 
5/9/2017 
ertson 
James E. Millstein 2005 Family Trust 
Client N 
0/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
James E. Millstein 2012 Family Trust 
Client N 
0/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Millstein & Co. LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts 
See Owner/Signatory's 
glas Robertson 
Millstein, James 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Rattray, Timothy S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Baylis, Robert M. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Manganello, J David 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Edward A. Lesser Trust 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Lucille S Day Trust 
Client N 
Trust Client - See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas 
Voruganti, Puru Client N 
5/20/2017 
ertson 
Deutsche Bank Americas Foundation 
Client N 
0/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Reese, George B. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
DLT Investment LLC 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
EFTA01398951
--- PAGE 4 ---
c 
6/20/2017 
Skerritt, Susan E 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
The Jeffry L. Von Wald Revocable Trust 
Client N 
/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
The Hewitt School 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Rosenblatt, Lief 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Apogee Gold Fund, LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Weiss, Yakir 
Client N 
6/1/2017 
rtson 
Mahdi, Syed Salman 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Manas, Jean E. 
Client N 
6/2/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's ACU 
Douglas 
Bernard Abdo Family Trust No. 2 Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Bernard Abdo Family Trust 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Abdo, Bernard 
Client N 
6/3/2017 
rtson 
Curtis, Thomas A. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Villani, Edmond Client N 
6/3/2017 
rtson 
H Winston Inc 
Client N 
6/8/2017 
rtson 
McDermott, Bruce H. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Schwartz, Eric 
Client N 
6/9/2017 
rtson 
Edwards Anker, Nina S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Cullen, Mark 
Client N 
6/10/2017 
rtson 
Carbon Initiative for Community Impact Inc 
Client 
6/13/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Client N 
/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Hattem, Gary S. Client N 
6/13/2017 
rtson 
de Balmann, Raphael 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Weinstein, Norman S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Carolyn Maclver Millstein 2012 Family Trust 
Client 
6/20/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Schoen III, Arthur B 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
EFTA01398952
--- PAGE 5 ---
8/11/2017 
Schoen, Caroline H 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Li, Alex G. 
Client N 
6/21/2017 
rtson 
Bianco, David S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Bruce Rial Boalt FB0 UA Fourth Michael Bruce Doherty Tr 
nt 
Y 
6/27/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Harper, Stephen J. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT EM Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT Asia 
Client N 
2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT Europe 
Client N 
2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT US Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
J. Robert Moskin Trust U/W Morris Moskin Client N 
2017 
Douglas Robertson 
JRM 2008 Trust 
Client N 
7/6/2017 
rtson 
Kess Esq., Sidney 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Lesser, Edward A. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Estate of Francoise Gevers 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Davidowitz, Howard L. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Younes, Saleh Tarek 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Roeloffs, Jr., Kurt W. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Usumanu, Elvis 
Client N 
7/20/2017 
rtson 
The Sidney Kess 1995 Trust 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Gillian Wynn Family Trust 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Copps, Michael 
Client N 
7/28/2017 
rtson 
Ludwig, Robert C 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Virtue, James E. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Albert L Schomp IV Trust 
Client N 
Trust Client - See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas 
Atlantix Investment LLC Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
EFTA01398953
--- PAGE 6 ---
Millstein Atlantix LLC 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Fischer, James K. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Classon, Bruce 
Client 
rtson 
Bendheim Jr., John M. 
Client N 
8/15/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Jonku LLC 
Client N 
rtson 
Elizabeth Millstein Tremain 2016 Trust 
3/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Santini, Michael L 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Concord International (Investments LP) 
3/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Golden, Ray 
Client N 
rtson 
Manganello, Jeffrey 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Howard Garay, Sara 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Classon Family Trust 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Henry Ritchotte 2008 Revocable Trust 
/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
RMDL LLC 
Client N 
rtson 
Vaccaro, Jon A. Client N 
rtson 
Kaganoff, Paula Nicole 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Howe, James E. 
Client N 
rtson 
Daniel Kelly 2005 Trust Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Moskin, John R. Client N 
rtson 
The Patrick Family 2012 Trust 
Client 
Douglas Robertson 
Edmond D. Villani Charitable Lead Annuity 
9/27/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
MidOcean US Advisor, LP Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Reese, John R. 
Client N 
rtson 
Patrick J Concannon Jr Estate 
Client 
Douglas Robertson 
Younes, Mohamed Client N 
rtson 
CHRISTERSON, JAMES B 
Client N 
8/19/2017 
Client N 
Client N 
8/23/2017 
Client N 
9/7/2017 
9/7/2017 
9/13/2017 
9/19/2017 
Trust 
Client 
10/3/2017 
10/4/2017 
EFTA01398954
--- PAGE 7 ---
10/5/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Pomrenze, Jay L. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
NAAB LLC 
Client N 
10/10/2017 
rtson 
Day, Lucille Schomp 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
The Bagby Foundation For The Musical 
Client N 
11/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Majd, Saman 
Client N 
10/12/2017 
rtson 
Padula, Carlos 
Client N 
10/12/2017 
rtson 
Beckwith, Stephen R. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Levy, Michael A. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Buchman Esq., Stephen 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Robert Lewis Allbritton 1996 Trust 
Client Y 
13/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
rtson 
Hughes, Tom 
Client N 
Y 
10/13/2017 
rtson 
Allbritton, Robert 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Weingord, Philip 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
W E SIMON JR TTEE GEN SKIP TR UAD 92 
Client N 
18/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
W.S. Hills, Inc Client Y 
10/18/2017 
rtson 
Amelia Stother Munro Tr Client Y 
Trust Client - See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas 
Gabriella Girard Munro Tr 
Client Y 
Trust Client - See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas 
Bone Roll Llc 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
C/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Ipp97 Private Equity Llc 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Beaver Dam Partners, Lp Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Wesley Creek LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Weskids III LLC Client Y 
10/18/2017 
EFTA01398955
--- PAGE 8 ---
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
Robertson 
Ipp99 Private Equity L.l.c. 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Hidden Pond Partners, L.p. 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Ipp97 realty, 1.1.c. 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon Phoenix Hotel I, L.p. 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Wesinvest Inc 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
William E Simon & Sons LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Weskids Lp 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU Douglas 
William E. Simon & Sons Special Situations II, LLC 
10/18/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Johanna K Morris Sep Children's Tr UAD 2/13/98 FBO 
e Morris 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
Trust 
U for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas Robertson 
Johanna K Morris Separate Children's Trust UAD 2/13/98 FBO 
Morris 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
Trust 
U for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas Robertson 
Johanna K Morris Sep Children's Tr UAD 2/13/98 FBO 
and Morris Client Y 
10/18/2017 
Trust 
U for Grantor or Trustee 
Douglas Robertson 
The Cynthia L Simon Revocable Trust 
Client Y 
/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
tson 
The William E Simon Jr Revocable Trust 
Client Y 
/2017 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
CU Douglas Robertson 
Generation Skipping Trust u/a/d 12/22/92 Client Y 
/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
XWC Investors, L.L.0 
Client Y 
Other (Please Describe) Douglas Robertson 
Marital Trust U/W/O William E Simon F/6/0 Tonia Simon Dtd 
nt Y 
10/18/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for 
ustee 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon WC Investors, LLC Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
William E. Simon & Sons Special Situations, LLC 
Client 
10/18/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
EFTA01398956
--- PAGE 9 ---
11/7/2017 
Simon Children's Trust u/a/d 12/30/91 f/b/o William E. 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
Family Office/-
dvisor Relationship Douglas Robertson 
Simon Children's Trust u/a/d 12/30/91 f/b/o Griffith 
nt Y 
10/18/2017 
Family Office/Investment 
tionship 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon Children's Trust u/a/d 12/30/91 f/b/o Lindsay Louise 
nt Y 
10/18/2017 
Family Office/Investment 
tionship 
Douglas Robertson 
New Vernon Advisors Inc. f/b/o The Tonia A. Simon Revocable 
12/5/05 
Client Y 
10/18/2017 
Trust 
ACU for Grantor or Trustee Douglas Robertson 
Gst Trust U/w/u William E. Simon 
Client Y 
8/2017 
Trust Client - See ACU for Grantor or Trustee 
rtson 
Simon, J. Peter Client Y 
10/18/2017 
rtson 
Streep, Mary Beth Simon Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon, Julie A. Client Y 
10/18/2017 
rtson 
Simon Jr., William E. 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Porges, Carol Leigh Simon 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon, Johanna K. 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
Kirschenbaum, Joel S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Kirschenbaum, Stephen 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Estate of Bruce R. Boalt 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Beacon Court Holdings Limited 
Client Y 
Douglas Robertson 
TR K. Mahoney U/Tice Farms Inc Fid. DIAA Client N 
/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Reese, Elizabeth S 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Jones, Nancy T. Client N 
11/1/2017 
rtson 
Bendheim, Thomas 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Younes, Mona Saleh 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Younes, Hedayat Saleh 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Concord International Partners 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Hull, Gretchen E 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
EFTA01398957
--- PAGE 10 ---
Estonian Students Fund in USA, Inc. 
9/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Align Ventures LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Demoulas, Fotene 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Bryce, Ben 
Client N 
rtson 
Huie, Marcus 
Client N 
rtson 
Younes, Farouk S 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Stanhope Overseas Limited 
Client 
Douglas Robertson 
Bahadur, Sekhar Client N 
rtson 
Article Sixth Tr UW Robert .7 Prignano 
11/29/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Grassie, Alasdair 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Estate Of Abdel H Afghani 
Client 
Douglas Robertson 
Villani, Cynthia M. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Schoen, Pamela 
Client N 
rtson 
O'Neill, DiManno & Kelly 
Client 
Douglas Robertson 
Robert C.Doherty Irrevocable Trust 
2/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Caymen Partners I LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Feeney, Peter J. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Milrod, Donna 
Client N 
rtson 
Peaks Polar Star, LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Casa Estrella, LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Axel Krol & Co 
Client N 
rtson 
Younes, Khaled Mohammed Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
J. ANDREW LARK ATTORNEY TRUST ACCOUNT 
15/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
ANNE FLUGSTAD-CLARKE 2003 INSURANCE TR 
15/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Lark, Kay Rouse Client N 
rtson 
Burrows, Charles T 
Client N 
Client N 
Y 
Y 
11/18/2017 
11/18/2017 
11/23/2017 
aka Palmer Client 
12/1/2017 
Client N 
12/8/2017 
12/13/2017 
Client N 
Client N 
12/15/2017 
EFTA01398958
--- PAGE 11 ---
12/15/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Selma Dix Properties Corp 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Kiernan, Pamela Ann 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Clarke, Stuart 
Client N 
12/15/2017 
rtson 
Price, James 
Client N 
Y 
12/15/2017 
rtson 
Cury, Brian 
Client N 
12/15/2017 
rtson 
Huntington Packaging Investment LLC 
Client N 
16/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Millstein HF LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Millstein MPP LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
MPP Investment LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Millstein DLT Co-Investment LLC Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Millstein Technology Partners LLC 
Client N 
16/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
DeHavilland LLC Client N 
Y 
12/16/2017 
rtson 
Demoulas, Arthur 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Farha, Georges 
Client N 
Y 
12/19/2017 
rtson 
Marjorie and Leigh LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Dana Streep Trustee Fbo Mary Gummer Irr Trust 
Client 
12/19/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Dana Streep Trustee Fbo Louisa Gummer Irr Trust 
Client 
12/19/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Dana Streep Trustee Fbo Grace Gummer Irr Trust 
Client 
12/19/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Dana Streep Trustee Fbo Henry Gummer Irr Trust 
Client 
12/19/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Grassie, Jorie A. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Bergen, John 
Client N 
12/19/2017 
rtson 
The David S Kimmel Life Insurance Trust Client N 
20/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Geringer & Dolan 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2015 GRAT 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT US 2 
Client N 
12/23/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
EFTA01398959
--- PAGE 12 ---
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT Europe 2 
23/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT EM 2 
23/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2016 GRAT Asia 2 
23/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Cales, Francisco Manuel Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Rowe, Kerstin L Client N 
rtson 
Moskin, Nancy I. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
O'Keefe, Brian E 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Jay L Pomrenze Hadasa Pomrenze Foundation 
12/29/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Andrew F. Gallivan 2008 Family Trust 
29/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Gallivan, Andrew F. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Reese, Alexander S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
The Richard F. Seamans Trust - 2013 
30/2017 
Douglas Robertson 
Fischer, Douglas L. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Museum & Art Advisory, LLC 
Douglas Robertson 
Alexander Reese & Marina Kittery Reese 
Client 
1/6/2018 
Pomrenze Trust 
Client N 
rtson 
Pomrenze, Elisheva 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Livingston, Barbara S. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Moskin, Mark D. Client N 
rtson 
Girl Scouts of Eastern Massachusetts Inc 
2/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
de Balmann, Yves C. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Millstein GRS LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Sexton, Timothy F. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Christerson, Blanche Lark 
Client 
Douglas Robertson 
Foreman, Mark 
Client N 
rtson 
Boushy Consulting LLC 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
12/29/2017 
Client 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Irrevocable Trust 
Douglas Robertson 
1/9/2018 
1/11/2018 
Client N 
1/24/2018 
EFTA01398960
--- PAGE 13 ---
25 2018 
Douglas Robertson 
GRS Investment LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Feyerick, Deborah 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Foros Advisors LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Foros Securities, LLC 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Rapoport, Esta M. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Forrester, Andrew H. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Prignano, Barbara 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Jawhary, Mohamed Abbas 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Paasche, Michael 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Lemorzellec, Kathy 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Blumenthal, Robert 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
TR R.Cherrington U/Tice Inc Fid. DIAA 
Client N 
/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
Doherty, Robert K. 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
MacDonald Jr., Ralph L. Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Sarkar, Soumyo 
Client N 
Y 
3/16/2018 
rtson 
Johnston, G. Donald 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
The Claudette Sarino Dizon Trust 
Client N 
/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
Michael W. Copps Revocable Tr Dtd 7/3/96 Client N 
/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
Simon Children's Trust u/a/d 12/30/91 f/b/o Cary Matthews 
nt Y 
3/28/2018 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity 
ee Owner/Siganatory's ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Little West 12th Street Realty Management, LLC 
Client 
5/5/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2017 GRAT US Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2017 GRAT Europe 
Client N 
/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
Fotene J. Demoulas 2017 GRAT EM Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
The 1996 Kess Family Trust 
Client N 
Douglas Robertson 
South Street Investments, Inc. 
Client Y 
EFTA01398961
--- PAGE 14 ---
10/18/2018 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/-
Si anator 's ACU 
Douglas Robertson 
Stuart Clarke 2003 Insurance Trust 
Client N 
Y 
12/20/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
Estate Of Dorothy Sartor 
Client N 
12/20/2018 
Douglas Robertson 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398962

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398963.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398963.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kirby 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
e 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
IPE Limited 
Client Y 
Irrawaddy Policy Exchange Trust Client 
* Moderate Risk Annual Client Update Due Dat 
Customer Owner 
6/14/2017 
Heather Kirby 
6/14/2017 
Heather Kirb 
Trust f/b/o Louise G. Collins u/a Kevin J. Collins 
Heather Kirby 
Boehly, Todd L. Client N 
NZC 136, LLC 
Client N 
NZC LA, LLC 
Client N 
George Soros Revocable Trust 
Client 
NZC CO, LLC 
Client N 
NZC SC, LLC 
Client N 
McElvenny, Ralph W. 
Client 
ASL Media Holdings, LLC Client 
For internal use only 
8/23/2017 
9/1/2017 
9/20/2017 
Y 
12/12/02 
Client N 
Heather Kirby 
Heather Kirby 
Heather Kirby 
10/25/2017 
Y 
11/15/2017 
Heather 
Y 
11/15/2017 
Heather 
Y 
12/20/2017 
Y 
2/10/2018 
Heather Kirb 
Kirby 
Kirby 
Heather Kirby 
Heather Kirby 
EFTA01398963

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398964.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398964.pdf
----------------------------------------
Sabbagh 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
e 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
Granite 1717 Hotel LLC Client Y 
Gross, Harry 
Client Y 
Rosen, Roger 
Client N 
use only 
* Moderate Risk Annual 
Customer Owner 
7/7/2017 
0/2/2017 
Joseph 
11/3/2017 
Joseph 
Client Update Due DaL 
Joseph Sabbagh 
Sabbagh 
Sabbagh 
EFTA01398964

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398965.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398965.pdf
----------------------------------------
Coleman 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
Simons Foundation 
Client N 
S. D. Malkin Properties, Inc. 
Client 
SDMP Services, Inc 
Client 
nts - See Owner/Siganatory's ACU 
Malkin, Scott D. 
Client 
Ann Coleman 
The Tavakoli Family Foundation 
Glen Eagle Partners Ltd. 
The Roxborough Trust 
Client 
Sale, Julian 
Client N 
Brenninkmeijer, Julie E. 
Brenninkmeijer, Elise M. 
Brenninkmeijer, Laura N. 
* Moderate Risk Annual Client Update Due Dat 
Customer Owner 
4/5/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
4/6/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
Y 
4/6/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
4/21/2017 
Client 
Client N 
Client 
Client N 
Client N 
Gabelli, Marc 
Client N 
Y 
8/23/2017 
The Jennifer L. Mercer Revocable Trust dtd. 12/23/2011 
Ann Coleman 
Bhat, Nityanand Client N 
Y 
9/1/2017 
Nesis, Roman Aleksandrovich 
Client 
Mercer, Rebekah A. 
Client N 
Mercer Mirochnikoff GST LLC 
Client 
HID Investors Fund L.P. Client N 
DVG 1740 Fund LP 
Client Y 
YD SMA LLC 
Client N 
Deccan Value Investors BPI Fund LP 
DVI Fund (Mauritius) Ltd. 
MID Investors Fund LP 
Client 
Deccan Value Investors LP 
A/D Investors Fund LP 
Client 
Deccan Value Investors Fund LP 
Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other 
Corporate/Business A 
5/6/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
Y 
5/9/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
6/8/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
7/20/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
7/26/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
7/26/2017 
7/26/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Client N 
Mary Ann Col 
Mary Ann Col 
9/1/ 
Mary Ann Coleman 
9/6/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
9/19/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
9/27/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
• 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Client N 
Y 
10/4/2017 
Mary 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Veda Investors Fund LP Client N 
Bodas, Vinit 
Client N 
Dirnad Fund LP Client N 
DBTCA As Escrow Agent for Fox River OU1 
The Hawk 3A 2015 GST Trust 
Client 
Templeton World Charity Foundation, Inc 
eman 
Huizhi Fund LP Client 
Chao 2000 Trust Client 
Mercer, Robert L 
Equinimity, LLC Client 
Lynch, Joseph A. 
Bonnie, Edward S. 
E. S. Bonnie Trust S. W. B. 6 R. F. 
eman 
The 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Y 
Y 
B. 
Y 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
10/4/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
Y 
10/4/2017 
10/4/2017 
Mary 
10/13/2017 
Mary 
Client N 
Client 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Ann Coleman 
Ann Coleman 
10/14/2017 
Mary 
10/16/2017 
Mary Ann Col 
10/28/2017 
Mary 
11/3/2017 
Mary 
Y 
11/3/2017 
11/14/2017 
Mary 
11/14/2017 
12/2/2017 
TTEES 
Client N 
Hawk 4B 2016 Trust LLC 
Client N 
The Hawk 3AB 2016 Trust LLC 
Client N 
Yablon, Lawrence 
Client 
Yablon, Babette Client N 
GreenFlow MB II LLC 
Client 
GreenFlow MB LLC 
Client 
EML Investments LLC 
Client 
Yablon, Bruce 
Client N 
Yablon, Leonard H. 
Client N 
Easier (Bvi) Ltd 
Client N 
SHZ Aviation LLC 
Client N 
Sterling Starnes Levered (Offshore) 
eman 
DVI PE (Mauritius) Ltd Client Y 
Hartz Capital, Inc. 
Client N 
Alerion Strategies Holdings Ltd Client 
10/19/2017 
Ann Coleman 
Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
12/2/2017 
12/5/2017 
Y 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
Mary 
Y 
12/5/2017 
Y 
12/5/2017 
Y 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
Mary 
12/6/2017 
Y 
12/6/2017 
12/7/2017 
Fund, Ltd. 
Client N 
Mary Ann Col 
Mary Ann Col 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
12/8/2017 
12/15/2017 
Mary Ann Coleman 
• 
1/5/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
1/5/2018 
Mary Ann Col 
EFTA01398965
--- PAGE 2 ---
eman 
Fourteen Rings, LLC 
Client 
Brown 4 Zhou LLC 
Client 
Mercer Family Foundation 
The Mercer Family LLC 
Client 
Ma-Toy Trust 
Client N 
Hirschhorn, Barbara B 
Client 
Nina Fund LP 
Client N 
Safelink Rental Feeder LLC 
Tabizuru Foundation 
Client 
Giordano, Mark V. 
Client 
Faithfulness Limited 
Client 
Humility Ltd. 
Client N 
Templeton Religion Trust 
Eternity, Ltd. Client 
Leonard N. Stern Family Trust 
Client 
Y 
Client 
Y 
Client 
Y 
Client 
SL 2005 Family Trust 
Client Y 
Discerene Fund LP 
Client N 
Mercer, Heather Sue 
Client N 
SL 2005 Sub One, LLC 
Client Y 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust 
Mary Ann Coleman 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o 
/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
The Mercer Family 2009 Non-Exempt Trust f/b/o 
/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
The 2012 Diana L. Mercer Family GST Trust 
Mary Ann Coleman 
For internal use only 
1/13/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
1/13/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
1/13/2018 
Mary Ann Col 
Y 
1/13/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
1/13/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
1/17/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
1/22/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
1/22/2018 
Mary Ann Col 
2/23/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
2/24/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
3/8/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
3/8/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
3/8/2018 
Mary Ann Col 
3/8/2018 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Y 
3/22/2018 
Mary Ann Col 
f/b/o 
3/23/2018 
3/23/2018 
3/23/2018 
3/28/2018 
Rebekah Mercer 
Jennifer L. 
Heather Sue 
Client Y 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Mary Ann Coleman 
Client Y 
Mercer 
Mercer 
Client Y 
Client Y 
3/29/2018 
EFTA01398966

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398967.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398967.pdf
----------------------------------------
Gonzalez 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
e 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
Skychai Corporation Ltd. 
Client 
z 
z 
z 
z 
z 
Riverside Europe Fund III, LP 
MAGCAP, LTD. 
Client Y 
Alsis Latin America Fund II LP 
Civitas Canyon Mezzanine Fund, 
Civitas Race Street Fund, LP 
Civitas Strand Fund, LP Client 
555 W 23 N4R LLC 
Client 
435 E 76 3D LLC Client Y 
2255 ACPB PHA LLC 
Client 
Liberty PHB LLC 
Client 
635 W 42 7E LLC Client Y 
M K Reichert Sternlicht Foundation 
Client 
Client 
LP 
Client 
Y 
Y 
Dauphin Fletcher, Aurelie 
Client 
Bal Harbour 1604N, LLC Client Y 
First S 91st LLC 
Client Y 
Forkosh, Alexander 
Client Y 
Alternative Solutions Insurance Company, Ltd, 
Gonzalez 
Civitas State Thomas Fund, LP 
* Moderate Risk Annual Client Update 
Customer Owner 
7/6/2017 
Mark 
8/11/2017 
Due Dat 
Gonzale 
Mark Gonzale 
9/9/2017 
Mark Gonzalez 
Y 
9/20/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
Client N 
Y 
9/23/2017 
Mark 
Y 
9/23/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
• 
9/23/2017 
9/29/2017 
9/29/2017 
Mark 
9/29/2017 
9/29/2017 
9/29/2017 
Mark 
Client N 
Client 
Eli Wilner LLC Client N 
Trigo, Santiago Client N 
Civitas Hudson Exchange Fund, LP 
Civitas TCR Mezzanine Fund I, LP 
Civitas ST Investors, LP 
Client 
Civitas TCR Downtown Equity, LP Client 
Civitas Hotel Alessandra Fund, LP 
Civitas Permian Basin Hotels, LP 
Civitas Capital Management, LLC Client 
Eastern Re Ltd. SPC 
Client 
WILLIAM BLAIR GLOBAL COMMODITY 
Gonzalez 
WILLIAM BLAIR GREEN TERRAIN DISBURSEMENT FUND LLC 
Gonzalez 
WILLIAM BLAIR GREEN TERRAIN FUND, L.P. Client N 
WILLIAM BLAIR GCS SPV, LLC 
Client N 
WILLIAM BLAIR GREEN TERRAIN TE FUND, L.P. 
WILLIAM BLAIR MANAGED FUTURES FUND LLC. Client 
WILLIAM BLAIR BLUE TERRAIN TE FUND, L.P. 
WILLIAM BLAIR MARBLE PLACE TE FUND, L.P.. 
WILLIAM BLAIR MASTER FUND, LLC Client N 
WILLIAM BLAIR BLUE TERRAIN FUND, L.P. 
Client 
WILLIAM BLAIR BLACK TERRAIN TE FUND, L.P. 
WILLIAM BLAIR BLACK TERRAIN FUND, L.P. Client 
WILLIAM BLAIR ALL TERRAIN TE FUND, L. P. 
WILLIAM BLAIR ALL TERRAIN FUND, L.P. 
Client 
William Blair SG Capital SPV, LLC 
Client 
Pereira, Michael B 
Client N 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Mark Gonzalez 
Mark Gonzalez 
Gonzalez 
Mark Gonzalez 
Mark Gonzalez 
Gonzalez 
10/11/2017 
Mark 
• 
10/13/2017 
10/26/2017 
10/26/2017 
10/26/2017 
SPC 
Client 
Mark Gonzale 
Mark Gonzalez 
Mark Gonzalez 
Mark Gonzalez 
11/9 
11/16/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
11/17/2017 
Mark Gonzalez 
11/25/2017 
Mark Gonzalez 
Client N 
Y 
11/28/2017 
Mark 
Y 
11/28/2017 
Mark 
Y 
11/28/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
Y 
11/28/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Y 
11/28/2017 
Y 
11/28/2017 
r 
11/28/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
11/29/2017 
SPECIALIST FUND LLC 
Client 
Mark 
Mark 
Mark Gonzalez 
12/1 
Client N 
Y 
12/1 
• 
12/1/2017 
Mark 
12/1/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
Y 
12/1/2017 
Y 
12/1/2017 
Mark 
Y 
12/1/2017 
Y 
12/1/2017 
12/1/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
12/2/2017 
12/1/2017 
Mark 
• 
12/1/2017 
12/1/2017 
Mark 
• 
12/1/2017 
12/1/2017 
Mark 
12/1/2017 
Mark 
Mark Gonzalez 
EFTA01398967
--- PAGE 2 ---
z 
z 
z 
CaroMont Insurance Services Ltd. 
Client 
Civitas Garnet Fund, LP Client N 
Y 
Civitas M&M Mezzanine Fund, LP Client N 
Civitas EB-5 Fund 21, LP 
Client N 
Zahringer, Alexander 
Client N 
Zahringer, Anne C. 
Client N 
Zahringer, III, George J. 
Client N 
12/8/2017 
Mark 
12/12/2017 
Mark Gonzalez 
Y 
12/12/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
Y 
12/12/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
12/12/2017 
Mark Gonzalez 
12/12/2017 
Mark Gonzalez 
12/12/2017 
Mark Gonzale 
Duff, Mary 
Client N 
12/15/2017 
Mark 
GUIDANCE ENHANCED GREEN TERRAIN FUND LLC 
Client N 
TanCayman Insurance Company SPC, Ltd. 
Client 
Bedrock 
Seahawk 
Furman, 
Civitas 
Finance Ltd. 
Client 
Trading Corp. 
Client 
Gail 
Client Y 
Huntington Beach Hotel 
Fund, 
Miriam Klein Sternlicht Revocable Trust Client N 
Duran, Louise 
Client N 
Duran, Chris 
Client N 
Gapstow Community Financials Fund LP 
2/15/2018 
2/15/2018 
Client Y 
Gonzalez 
12/22/2017 
1/5/2018 
Mark 
1/9/2018 
Mark Gonzalez 
1/9/2018 
Mark Gonzalez 
1/9/2018 
Mark Gonzalez 
LP Client N 
Y 
1/20/2018 
Mark 
Y 
1/23/2018 
Mark 
Mark Gonzalez 
Mark Gonzalez 
3/2/2018 
Gapstow Credit & Special Situations Master Fund LP 
Client Y 
Gonzalez 
CJA Public Private Multi Manager Master Fund, L.P. 
Client Y 
Gonzalez 
CJA Private Equity Financial Restructuring Master Fund I, 
Mark Gonzalez 
Gapstow Real Estate Yield Master Fund, L.P. 
Gapstow 
Gapstow 
Gapstow 
Opportunity Master Fund, LP 
Client 
Capital Partners LP 
Client Y 
Structured Credit Master Fund LP 
L.P. Client Y 
Client Y 
3/2/2018 
Client Y 
Sternlicht, Miriam 
Client N 
3/13/2018 
Sidhom, Rafik 
Client N 
Y 
3/16/2018 
Mark 
DBTCA as Trustee for the Benefit of Safety National Casualty 
3/21/2018 
Mark Gonzalez 
WILLIAM BLAIR MARBLE PLACE FUND L.P. 
Client N 
Y 
3/22/2018 
United Integrity Assurance Ltd. Client N 
Y 
3/24/2018 
3/2/2018 
Mark 
3/2/ 
3/2/ 
3/2/2018 
Mark 
Mark Gonzale 
3/2/2018 
CAB Holding LP Client N 
Ross, Richard 
Client N 
For internal use only 
Mark Gonzalez 
Gonzalez 
Corporation 
5/15/2018 
Mark Gonzalez 
10/24/2018 
Mark Gonzalez 
Clie 
Mark 
Mark Gonzale 
EFTA01398968

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398969.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398969.pdf
----------------------------------------
Kimble 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
A 
Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
Golub, David 
Client N 
Toll, Robert I. Client N 
Adamski, Dorothea S 
Client N 
Adamski, Paulina J. 
Client 
Adamski, Claudia C. 
Client 
Adamski, Theresa M 
Client 
Adamski, Susanne 
Client 
The Estate of Gerald Houghton 
Client 
The Aileen P. Houghton Revocable Trust 
Valiotis, Stamatiki 
Client N 
Houghton, Aileen P 
Client N 
Tunney, John V. Client N 
Davidson Equities LLC 
Client Y 
THE TOW FOUNDATION INC Client N 
Eckman, William P. 
Client N 
Washington Avenue Ventures Inc. Client 
 interna 
le 
Northeastern Industrial Park Inc. 
Rotterdam Ventures 
Valiotis, Sophia 
Femmes-Invest LLC 
Adamski, Christoph 
Tunney, Jonathan R. 
Russell and Willene 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Dobson Foundation 
Dobson Performance Fund, LLC 
Client 
Dobson Family Foundation 
Client 
Dobson CC Limited Partnership 
Client 
Mary Power Logan Serenity Trust Client 
* Moderate Risk Annual Client Update Due Dat 
Customer Owner 
5/7/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/10/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/11/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/11/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/11/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/11/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/11/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/11/2017 
Malcolm Kimb 
Client N 
5/17/2017 
Malc 
Y 
5/17/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/17/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/19/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
5/24/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
6/1/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
6/3/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
Y 
6/8/2017 
Malcolm Kimb 
Client N 
Client 
Net Income Only Charitable Remainder Unitrust 
Y 
7/28/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
Camphill Village Copake Foundation, Inc. 
Fertitta, Tilman 
Client Y 
GNLC Holdings, Inc. 
Client Y 
Ritman, Sidney H. 
Client N 
Joy, Robert 
Client N 
Thaler, Richard Client N 
Golub Capital Partners 9 
Client 
Oliver, Alex R. Client 
Lemaster, Nancy Client 
LEG Partners Debenture 
SBIC L.P. 
6/8/2017 
6/13/2017 
6/13/2017 
6/13/2017 
6/13/2017 
6/8/2017 
Malc 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
6/17/2017 
Y 
6/17/2017 
Y 
6/17/2017 
6/17/2017 
• 
7/28/2017 
Malc 
Malcolm Kimb 
Malcolm Kimb 
Malcolm Kimb 
Malcolm Kimb 
for the Benefit of Mary Power Logan 
Client N 
Y 
7/28/2017 
7/29/2017 
Malcolm 
8/2/2017 
Malcolm 
8/5/2017 
Malcolm 
8/19/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
9/12/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
Y 
9/27/2017 
10/6/2017 
10/7/2017 
Client N 
LEG Partners III SBIC L.P. 
Client 
Golub Capital Partners 10, L.P. Client 
Cityview Plaza LLC 
Client 
Axia Realty, LLC 
Client 
Tow, Leonard 
Client N 
Valiotis, Efstathios 
Client 
Golub, Lawrence E. 
Client 
STEWART BAINUM JR. REVOCABLE TRUST 
Bridge Equities VI, LLC Client 
Sunbridge Holdings, LLC Client 
Czujko, Andrew Client N 
Estate Of Edward T. Cone 
Client 
Rotonda, Gerard (Jerry) Client N 
Fertitta Entertainment, Inc. 
Client 
ETC Charitable Lead Annuity Trust #2 
Etc Charitable Lead Unitrust 
Client 
Minskoff, Edward J. 
Client N 
use only 
Kimble 
Kimble 
Kimble 
Malcolm Kimb 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
10/11/2017 
Y 
10/11/2017 
Y 
10/11/2017 
11/7/2017 
11/21/2017 
11/28/2017 
Malcolm 
12/1/2017 
12/6/2017 
Client Y 
Malc 
Malcolm Kimb 
Malcolm Kimb 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
Malcolm Kimble 
12/9/2017 
Malc 
12/9/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
12/9/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
12/14/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
12/20/2017 
Malcolm Kimb 
12/29/2017 
Malcolm Kimble 
Y 
12/30/2017 
Malcolm Kimb 
Client 
1/4/2018 
Malc 
1/4/2018 
Malcolm Kimb 
1/25/2018 
Malcolm Kimble 
EFTA01398969

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398970.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398970.pdf
----------------------------------------
Mullin 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
o Exempt Reason 
Exemption Reason 
John Lelend Mothershead Vi Trust 
* Moderate Risk Annual Client Update Due Dat 
Customer Owner 
Client N 
4/28/2017 
Mich 
Edward C French Jr Trust 
Client N 
Nicholas Panasevich Trust 
Client N 
Eleanor J. Panasevich Trust 
Client N 
JOHN G LARUSSA 2014 IRRV TR FBO LEAH BROOKS 
ael Mullin 
JOHN G LARUSSA 2014 IRRV TR FBO JOHN TAYLOR 
ael Mullin 
JOHN G LARUSSA 2014 IRRV TR FBO ANNE PEARCE 
ael Mullin 
LaRussa 2014 Trust No 3 Client N 
LaRussa, John Taylor 
Client N 
LaRussa, Anne Pearce 
Client N 
Benny S Anne Larussa Grandchildrens TR No 
• 3 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Benny S Anne Larussa Grandchildrens TR No 3 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Benny S Anne Larussa Grandchildrens TR No 3 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
LaRussa, Joseph Bruno 
Client N 
LaRussa Daughters GST Trust FBO Anna LaRussa 
LaRussa 
LaRussa 
LaRussa 
ael Mullin 
LaRussa 
ael Mullin 
LaRussa 
LARUSSA 
LARUSSA 
LARUSSA 
5/2/2017 
5/3/2017 
5/3/2017 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
5/27/2017 
5/27/2017 
5/27/2017 
FBO Leah Brooks 
FBO John Taylor 
FBO Anne Pearce 
5/27/2017 
Client N 
Daughters GST Trust FBO Barrett LaRussa Client 
Daughters GST Trust FBO Olivia LaRussa Client 
Grandchildrens Trust No. 2 FBO Anna LaRussa 
Grandchildrens Trust No. 2 FBO Barrett LaRussa 
2014 Trust No. 2 
Client N 
Madeleine Hilton McGraw Revocable Trust Client 
LaRussa, Leah Brooks 
Client N 
LARUSSA, MARY CARSON 
Client N 
LARUSSA, JOHN GREGORY 
Client N 
McGraw IV, Donald 
Client N 
Donald C McGraw Jr Residuary Tr u/a/d 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
DONALD C MCGRAW FOUNDATION INC Client 
Client N 
Client N 
Y 
5/27/2017 
Michael 
Michael 
Michael 
Larussa 
Larussa 
Larussa 
Michael 
Michael Mull 
Michael Mull 
Michael Mull 
Y 
Y 
Y 
5/27 
5/27 
5/27 
Mullin 
Mullin 
Mullin 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
Mullin 
5/27/2017 
• 
5/27/2017 
• 
5/27/2017 
Y 
Y 
5/27 
5/27 
Michael Mull 
5/27/2017 
• 
6/2/2017 
• 
6/2/2017 
• 
6/2/2017 
6/8/2017 
5/14/96 fbo David W 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
McGraw 
Client 
6/13/2017 
Donald C McGraw Jr Residuary Tr u/a/d 5/14/96 fbo Sean Michael McGraw 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
The Jockey Club Client N 
Y 
6/13/2017 
Trust Estate u/w/o Mary Alice Victoria Chubb Wolsfelt, 
6/27/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Mundkur, Christine A 
Client 
TJC Holdings, Inc 
Client 
Wolsfelt, G. Russell 
Client 
Wolsfelt, Peter Van Fleet 
French, Amanda F. 
Client 
Mundkur, Ajay 
Client N 
McGraw III, Donald C. 
Client 
Wolsfelt, Gerald 
Client 
Ashley Bjorklund 
Client 
French Jr, Edward C 
Client 
VICTORIA C WOLSFELT LIFE INSURANCE TRUST 
in 
Bjorklund, Ann M 
Client N 
Mothershead, VI, John L. 
Client N 
McGraw, Anne Schuyler 
Client N 
INCOMPASS SOLUTIONS, INC. 
Client N 
Elizabeth Anne McGraw Revocable Trust 
Client 
Erin Fincher Mcgraw Irrev Trust Client N 
Donald C. McGraw IV Revocable Trust Of 2004 
Client 
Mich 
Michael Mull 
Client N 
Michael Mullin 
Gerald Wolsfelt, Trustee Clie 
Y 
7/5/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Y 
7/6/2017 
Michael Mullin 
7/14/2017 
Michael Mullin 
8/1/2017 
Michael Mull 
8/18/2017 
Y 
8/22/2017 
Michael 
9/2/2017 
9/6/2017 
9/8/2017 
9/8/2017 
Client N 
Michael Mullin 
Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
9/9/2017 
9/14/2017 
Michael Mullin 
9/14/2017 
Michael Mull 
9/14/2017 
Michael Mullin 
9/15/2017 
Michael Mull 
Client 
9/23/2017 
Mich 
9/23/2017 
Michael Mull 
9/26/2017 
t•lichae 
Mu in 
EFTA01398970
--- PAGE 2 ---
Donald C McGraw Jr Residuary Tr u/a/d 5/14/96 
9/26/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Donald C McGraw Jr Residuary Tr u/a/d 5/14/96 
9/26/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Donald C McGraw Jr Residuary Tr u/a/d 5/14/96 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
Donald C McGraw Jr Residuary Tr u/a/d 5/14/96 
/2017 
Michael Mullin 
AXCIS INFORMATION NETWORK, INC. Client 
in 
in 
Douglas C French Tr 
Client N 
French, Douglas C. 
Client N 
Equibase Company 
Client N 
LYNDA CLARK ROWLAND NY TRUST DIAA 
Jilline A Fearons Revocable Trust 
George T 
Fearons, 
The Anne 
Y 
fbo Ian Christopher McGraw 
Clie 
fbo Taylor Williams McGraw 
Clie 
fbo Robert W McGraw 
Client N 
fbo Donald C McGraw III 
Client N 
9/29/2017 
Michael Mull 
9/29/2017 
9/29/2017 
Y 
9/29/2017 
Client N 
Client N 
Fearons Revocable Trust 
Client N 
George T 
Client N 
10/7/2017 
Schuyler McGraw Accumulation Trust 
Client N 
Fendall, LLC 
Client N 
Amanda French Trust 
Client N 
McGraw, David W Client N 
Procel, Llc 
Client N 
The Jockey Club PAC 
Client Y 
Coalition for Horse Racing Integrity, 
The Jockey Club Foundation 
Client 
CM Strategic Advisors LLC 
McGraw, M. Lee Client N 
Weggie's Holdings LLC 
Client 
Panasevich, Eleanor J. Client 
Peters, Gerald Client N 
McGraw, Elizabeth Devin Client 
Holden Walker 4A, LLC 
Client 
Lipton, Tara 
Client N 
Lipton, Hunter Client N 
Amory, Caroline C. 
Client 
The Hunter E. Lipton Irrevocable Insuran 
Michael Mullin 
TJC Media Ventures, Inc. 
Client 
Client 
10/18/2017 
Michael 
10/21/2017 
11/3/2017 
Michael 
11/9/2017 
Michael 
11/10/2017 
Inc. 
Client N 
Blood-Horse LLC Client N 
Van Fleet Worldwide LLC Client 
French, James R. 
Client 
PETER BJORKLUND JR. 1999 TRUST 
Mothershead III, J. Leland 
Amory, Doris M Client N 
Doris M. Amory Living Trust 
Volpe, Noel 
Client N 
VOLPE, MANDY JANE 
Client 
LaRussa, Cornelia 
Client 
Olivia Childs LaRussa Trust 
Barrett LaRussa Trust 
Client 
Declaration of Trust by Joseph 
2018 
Michael Mullin 
Joe and Cornelia LaRussa LLC 
Y 
Y 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
10/4/2017 
10/5/2017 
10/5/2017 
Michael Mullin 
10/13/2017 
Mich 
Mich 
Mich 
Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Mullin 
Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
11/24/2017 
Y 
11/24/2017 
Y 
11/29/2017 
11/30/2017 
Michael 
11/30/2017 
11/30/2017 
12/1/2017 
Michael 
12/6/2017 
12/6/2017 
12/6/2017 
Michael 
12/6/2017 
Michael 
12/8/2017 
ce Trust Dated 4/14/16 
Michael Mull 
Michael Mull 
Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Mullin 
Mullin 
Michael Mullin 
Client N 
1/3/2018 
Michael Mull 
1/3/2018 
Michael Mullin 
1/4/2018 
Michael Mullin 
1/6/2018 
Michael Mullin 
1/11/2018 
Michael Mull 
Y 
1/11/2018 
1/12/2018 
Michael Mullin 
1/12/2018 
Michael Mull 
Michael Mull 
1/19/2018 
Michael Mullin 
1/25/2018 
Michael Mullin 
Y 
2/3/2018 
Michael Mullin 
Y 
2/3/2018 
Michael Mull 
Y 
2/3/2018 
Michael Mullin 
Bruno LaRussa for Anna Strong LaRussa 
Client N 
Client N 
LaRussa Grandchildrens Trust No. 2 FBO Olivia LaRussa 
ael Mullin 
Elizabeth B. McGraw Foundation Client N 
Seamus L.W. McGraw Revocable Trust 
Client N 
ael Mullin 
For internal use only 
2/3/2018 
Client N 
2/3/2018 
2/3/2018 
Michael Mull 
2/3/ 
Michael Mull 
Mich 
EFTA01398971

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398972.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398972.pdf
----------------------------------------
Vrablic 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
* Moderate Risk 
Annual Client Update Due Date 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption 
omer Owner 
AGP Holdings One LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Hals Realty Associates LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Affordable Equity Partners Inc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Relsure America Inc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Higgins, Matthew T. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Capital Partners I DLT (AIV) LP 
Client N 
/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Rockpoint Growth and Income Real Estate Fund I LP (DE) 
Y 
4/21/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
AEP Financial Services LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Tenth Avenue Associates LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Lone Star Fund VI (U.S.), L.P. 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Oak Plaza Associates (Del) LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Ross, Stephen M. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Trans Union Interstate Pipeline LP 
Client N 
/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
KSE UK, INC 
Client N 
Y 
5/13/2017 
blic 
EIF United States Power Fund IV LP 
Client N 
/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Desnick, Ahuva 
Client Y 
5/20/2017 
blic 
Desnick, James 
Client Y 
5/20/2017 
blic 
Related General II LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Related Companies LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The ABEN Liquidating Trust 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
DBX Holdings One LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Washington Park Fidelco LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Altchek, M.D., David W. Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Institute for Community Living Inc 
Client N 
EFTA01398972
--- PAGE 2 ---
8/2/2017 
2 2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
MEI-GSR Holdings, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Goldsmith, James 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kanders, Warren B 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator St. Andrews LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator Hillside Village, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Abrams, Stephanie 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Haros, Nicholas Client N 
Y 
6/20/2017 
blic 
Ingram, Terese 
Client N 
6/23/2017 
blic 
West 12 Holdings LLC Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
MX Holdings One, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
GEH Air Transportation LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Lewin, Jeffrey Michael 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Ashken, Ian 
Client N 
Y 
7/5/2017 
blic 
Jacobs Private Equity, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Newamco, LLC 
Client N 
Y 
7/5/2017 
blic 
New Castagna, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SMR 2014 Irrevocable Trust III 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SMR 2014 Irrevocable Trust II 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Chartouni, Fouad 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gellert, George Client N 
7/14/2017 
blic 
Smith, Marla 
Client N 
7/18/2017 
blic 
Macandrews Deluxe Holdings LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Railroad Properties, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity 1200 Ocean Drive, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Edward Ingram, Benjamin Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398973
--- PAGE 3 ---
Clinton Group Inc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Butenhoff, Kimberly 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Sobel, Peter 
Client N 
Y 
8/15/2017 
blic 
AL Infinity, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Sobel, Jonathan A. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Isaac Franco Alaska Trust 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kanders CCP Holdings LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SMR 2014 Irrevocable Trust II FBO Kimberly Ross 
Client 
8/26/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SMR 2014 Irrevocable Trust II FBO Jennifer Ross 
Client 
8/26/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Arclight Energy Partners Fund V LP 
Client N 
/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity Lifestyle Brands, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
AEP Feeder Fund V-B, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Bollag Family Trust Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Rockpoint Real Estate Fund V Offshore AIV LP 
Client 
9/1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Chocolas LLC 
Client N 
Y 
9/1/2017 
blic 
Rockpoint Real Estate Fund V LP Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Silver, Morton F. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Zises, Selig A 
Client Y 
9/6/2017 
blic 
The Juliana Meryl Jacobs Trust 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
225 Fourth LLC 
Client N 
Y 
9/6/2017 
blic 
Sugar & Plumm Upper West, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Thomas A. Berkenkamp Insurance Trust Dated 7/11/02 
9/11/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Marla S. Smith Insurance Trust Dated 7/11/02 
Client 
9/11/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Carve Designs Holdings LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kanders Carve LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Desnick Descendants Irrevocable Trust 
Client Y 
EFTA01398974
--- PAGE 4 ---
4/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Jordan Desnick Minority Trust 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Michelle Desnick Minority Trust dtd 8/14/89 
Client 
9/14/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity NYY2,LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity Brands, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts 
See Owner/Signatory's 
mary Vrablic 
Infinity Wooster Street LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
YGE Branding, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SCP Baseball, LP 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
355 Greenwich, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Karlton, Fredric N. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
500 West 30th LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
AGS Ventures II LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Related Companies, Inc. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Love 300 LLC 
Client N 
Y 
9/26/2017 
blic 
Kassin Brothers LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Lang, Barry 
Client N 
9/27/2017 
blic 
Barry Lang Living Trust Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity Equity Ventures LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Desnick, Jordan Client Y 
9/28/2017 
blic 
Lone Star Fund VIII (Bermuda) LP 
Client Y 
/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Lone Star Fund VIII (US), L.P 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Bollag, Michael Client N 
9/28/2017 
blic 
Comsup Minerals Ltd 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Comsup Ltd. 
Client Y 
9/28/2017 
blic 
Comsup Commodities Inc 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Estate of Freda L Hartfield 
Client N 
EFTA01398975
--- PAGE 5 ---
Rosemary Vrablic 
Simon, Herbert 
Client N 
Y 
9/29/2017 
ablic 
Westbury Management Group LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Fund and Subscription Finance 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kanders & Company Inc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Aretsky, Kenneth 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Personal Care Group Inc Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Capitol News Company, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Perpetual Air, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Zivile, Mituzaite-Berley 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Palisades-Calistoga Resort, L.P. 
Client N 
20/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Patroon, LLC 
Client N 
Y 
10/31/2017 
ablic 
509 Madison Avenue Associates, LP 
Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Walsam 160 Lexington Avenue, LLC 
Client N 
8/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Milber 219 Mamaroneck LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
E 22, LLC 
Client N 
Y 
11/8/2017 
ablic 
Walter & Samuels, Inc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Ericsson Owner LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity LW 12th Street, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
emary Vrablic 
1960 East 5th Street, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Stallion 44, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
MISS AMERICA PROPERTIES, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Franco, Isaac S. 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
I Like Ike, LLC Client Y 
11/10/2017 
IC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's ACU 
Rosemary 
Isaac Franco 2001 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust Client 
11/10/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for Grantor or 
EFTA01398976
--- PAGE 6 ---
Trustee Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity Sports Licensing, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity S Kingswood LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity AL Holdings, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
emary Vrablic 
Isaac Franco 2008 Irrevocable Trust 
Client Y 
10/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Isaac Franco 2002 Grantor Retained Annuity Trust Client 
11/10/2017 
Trust Client—See ACU for Grantor or 
emary Vrablic 
Infinity Entertainment, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
emary Vrablic 
I Like Ike Kingswood, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
emary Vrablic 
IUC 701 Times Square LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Bestin Worldwide Limited LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Silverstein, Larry A. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Zeckendorf, William Lie Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gerald and Joan Colangelo Family Trust Agreement Dated 
Client 
11/21/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Cella Bella, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Orland Oil & Gas LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Bollag Descendants POT Trust 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Ingram, Jonathan 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Walsam 130 Mad LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
FR XIII Charlie AIV LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
229 Cherry Street LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
New Park Row LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Kanders 2012 LM Investment Trust 
Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SP Investment Corp 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Holding Vehicle I SP LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
• 
12/1/2017 
EFTA01398977
--- PAGE 7 ---
TZP Holding Vehicle I SP (PIV) LLC 
Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Capital Partners I SP (AIV) LP 
Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Capital Partners I SP (PIV-AIV) LP 
Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Holding Vehicle I DLT LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Holding Vehicle I DLT (PIV) LLC 
Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Capital Partners I DLT (PIV-AIV) LP Client N 
1/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kanders MK LLC 
Client N 
Y 
12/1/2017 
blic 
MK-K LLC 
Client N 
Y 
12/1/2017 
blic 
Mediterranean Properties Inc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Mahler Trust 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Ward Capital, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2011 M&T Bollag Family Irrevocable Trust Client N 
/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
DZB 2014 Irrevocable Trust 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Client N 
Chaparral Five, LLC 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Client N 
Sunny Hill, LLC Client 
blic 
Y 
12/5/2017 
English village LLC 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Client N 
Berlman, LLC 
Client 
blic 
Kanders LM LLC 
Client 
blic 
JEMY 9604, LLC 
Client 
blic 
Lillie, James 
Client 
blic 
Jacobs, Lamia 
Client 
blic 
DZB, LLC 
Client 
blic 
Y 
Y 
Y 
Y 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
12/5/2017 
Kanders SAF Investment Trust 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Menands Park LLC 
Client 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kurt W. Butenhoff and Kimberly A. Butenhoff Joint Life 
ust Client 
Y 
12/5/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Brookview Court Apartments LLC 
Client N 
• 
EFTA01398978
--- PAGE 8 ---
5 2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Glarus LLC 
Client N 
Y 
12/5/2017 
blic 
Kanders IMI, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Colonie East LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Sterling Management Corp 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Bogota Associates 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Tenth First Mezz Associates LLC 
Client N 
5/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Tenth Senior Mezz Associates LLC 
Client N 
5/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Tenth Junior Mezz Associates LLC 
Client N 
5/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TZP Capital Partners I LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Meister, Keith A. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Jacobs, Brad 
Client N 
Y 
12/6/2017 
blic 
The Article SECOND Trust u/a/d 11/22/12 for Issue of Ellen 
ent N 
12/6/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Ponds LLC 
Client N 
12/7/2017 
blic 
The Kanders 2010 Family Trust 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SMR Trust No. 1 for Kimberly Ross and Jennifer Ross 
12/7/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SBIDF, LLC 
Client N 
Y 
12/7/2017 
blic 
Palm V Associates LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Power Love Associates LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
IRE-NG 1715 E. 13th Street, LLC Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
S Franco Realty, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
emary Vrablic 
ISF Parkway LLC Client Y 
12/8/2017 
blic 
Franco Realty Group, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Community Organizations, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator Newport News Partners II, LLLP 
Client N 
8/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator Hampton Partners, LLLP 
Client N 
EFTA01398979
--- PAGE 9 ---
12/8/2017 
Rosemary Vrablic 
469 Avenue S LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity PLR 44, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TF Associates 
Client N 
Y 
12/8/2017 
blic 
SP Investment Vehicle LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Katzoff, Stuart Client Y 
12/23/2017 
blic 
Katzoff, Gerald Client Y 
12/23/2017 
blic 
Milber Holding LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Cole, Jeffrey E. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Homestead Village Associates I LLC 
Client N 
/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Industrial Associates 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kanders Aviation Llc 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Community Cares Local Development Corporation 
Client 
1/4/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
LSF6 Affiliate Finance (U.S.), LLC 
Client N 
/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator Newport News Partners, LLLP 
Client N 
1/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Blau, Jeff 
Client N 
Y 
1/11/2018 
blic 
Gator Kietzke LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kroenke, Josh 
Client N 
1/12/2018 
blic 
Kroenke, Whitney 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Carson Valley Center, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Nevada Land III LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SK Baseball Holdings LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Elyse Franco 2016 Trust 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TKG Cranston Development, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kroenke, E. Stanley 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Lone Star DDD Land and Cattle Company LLC 
Client 
1/12/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398980
--- PAGE 10 ---
Kanders GMP Holdings, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
LW 12th Street Holding, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
XPO LOGISTICS, INC. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Aaventura Investment Partners, LLC 
Client N 
5/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
FILS 9604, LLC 
Client N 
1/25/2018 
ablic 
Ferrer & Poirot, G.P 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Silver-Park Co 
Client N 
Y 
2/6/2018 
ablic 
Silver, Thomas 
Client N 
2/6/2018 
ablic 
NE 1ST AVENUE DEVELOPMENT LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
FIRST RESERVE FUND XIII, LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
AQL Hartwell LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Seminole Housing LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator Flower Mound, LLC Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Estate of Stuart Goldsmith 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kassin, Albert 3. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Shenandoah 2008 Trust 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Reno Soccer Investors LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
FR XIII Foxtrot AIV LP 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
APOGEE 801 LLC 
Client N 
Y 
3/23/2018 
ablic 
IRE 353 Newbury LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Butenhoff, Kurt Client N 
4/5/2018 
ablic 
3DM Partners, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Kushner, Murray Client Y 
4/25/2018 
ablic 
M.Kushner Investment Fund, LLC 
Client Y 
Corporate/PIC/Other Entity Accounts - See Owner/Signatory's 
emary Vrablic 
Rockpoint Growth and Income Real Estate Parallel Fund II-
alpha LP 
Client 
Y 
4/27/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
EFTA01398981
--- PAGE 11 ---
Rockpoint Growth and Income Real Estate Fund II LP 
Y 
4/27/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity Biscayne Preferred LLC Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Isaac S. Franco 2012 Trust 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
The Elyse Franco 2012 Trust 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Gator Greatwoods, LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Infinity-Seven Bleecker, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Rockpoint Growth and Income Real Estate On-Shore Fund I LP 
nt 
Y 
5/2/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
SLO Promenade DE LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
2770 Broadway Owner LLC Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
TKG VAN DORN PLAZA, LLC Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Berley, David I. 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
IL MULINO USA, LLC 
Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Altitude Sports & Entertainment, LLC 
Client N 
/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Riverside 7 Hills LLC 
Client N 
Rosemary Vrablic 
Perpetual Aviation, LLC Client Y 
Rosemary Vrablic 
LSF8 Affiliate Finance (US) LLC Client Y 
5/18/2018 
Rosemary Vrablic 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398982

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398983.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398983.pdf
----------------------------------------
Moore 
Customer Number Customer Name 
Type 
* High Risk 
* Moderate Risk 
Annual Client Update Due Date 
Auto Exempt Reason 
Exemption 
Reason Customer Owner 
MACK, MARGARET B. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
CHRISTOPHER WILEY TRUST Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Aresty, Patricia P. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Aresty, Jeffrey Client N 
4/26/2017 
Moore 
Lozier, Kathleen K. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Doering, Julia E. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
John L. Loeb Associates, Inc. Employee Pension Plan 
4/28/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Loeb Jr, John 
Client Y 
4/28/2017 
Moore 
Katherine L.Karl Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Credit Shelter Trust UWO Leon Birnbaum 
Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Karl, Katherine Louise 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
LAZAR & FAIGY FAMILY PARTNERSHIP LP 
Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
HELEN W KARL MD TR U/A/O 8/17/1998 
Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Friedman, Sidney J. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Moore, Devon O'Brien 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
The Leon and Frances Birnbaum Children's Trust of 2008 
5/13/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Samuel D Rosner Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Horn, Esther 
Client Y 
5/16/2017 
Moore 
Ann Myers Williams Revocable Trust 
Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fenner, Carla 
Client N 
5/18/2017 
Moore 
MCGRATH, THOMAS J 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Silver, Martin M. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Susan W Wiley Trust U/A/D 8/14/98 
Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Deutsche Bank Microcredit Development Fund 
Client 
EFTA01398983
--- PAGE 2 ---
Y 
5/20/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Wiley, Susan 
Client N 
Y 
5/20/2017 
Moore 
Rosenberg, Henry 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Westfield, Kenneth C. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Gerald C. Meyers and Gladys F. Meyers Revocable Inter Vivos 
nt 
5/24/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Meyers, Gerald C. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Trust Under Article 6 U/W/O Sigmund Sommer 
Client 
5/25/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Holcombe, Carolyn 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
WFIF LLC 
Client N 
5/31/2017 
Moore 
International Banking Security Association, Inc. Client 
5/31/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Crossley, Trevor A. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Ronald Allen Luzier Rev Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
LAURA WILEY TRUST 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Krause, Margaret D. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
The Luis Rodriquez Family Trust Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
The Crouse 1994 Living Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
MCKELDIN, MARY JONES 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Trust u/w/o Ulo Barad - Clause FIFTH (QTIP) 
Client 
6/7/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
ELGEE AVIATION, LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Birnbaum, Frances 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
MURRAY W. STEIN REV TR DTD 8/1/03 
Client N 
2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Linda Brittain Tr 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Reichmann, Louis 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Marital Trust B fbo Lorraine Aresty Under Jerome Aresty 
11/10/08 
Client 
6/13/2017 
Salvatore 
Paauilo Enterprises, LLLP 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Bridy, Joseph J. 
Client N 
EFTA01398984
--- PAGE 3 ---
6/14/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
James Aresty Revocable Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Stuart, Nina 
Client N 
6/20/2017 
Moore 
Schwartz, Alan E. 
Client Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Netri Private Foundation 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
WEBSTER, GINGER L 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Werdiger, Solomon 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
THOMAS R KARL TRUST 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Lorin, Naima 
Client N 
6/22/2017 
Moore 
Eisenberg, David 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Deutsch Esq., Alvin 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Monastir Properties 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Stitzer, Parker Brown 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kevin Roache Revocable Trust as Amended and Restated in May 
nt 
6/29/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Liskin, Joyce 
Client N 
6/29/2017 
Moore 
Raubvogel & Jonas TTEES UWO L. Raubvogel Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Dana, William B. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Betts, Bertha 
Client N 
6/30/2017 
Moore 
Belleclaire Hotel LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
McDonnell, Peter H. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Russell, Greg 
Client N 
7/11/2017 
Moore 
Elizabeth H. Hall Living Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Unterberg, Ruth Client N 
7/11/2017 
Moore 
Mary J. Mckeldin Credit Shelter Trust dtd 10/1/11 
7/12/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Finaldi, Jr., Arnold E. Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Arconti, James J. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
EFTA01398985
--- PAGE 4 ---
Williams Latham, Rhonda A. 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Brittain, Kate L. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Stuart, Eve 
Client N 
Moore 
Rucker, Bernetta 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
BETTS, ELIZABETH GLYNNE Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Eadan, Batsheva Client N 
Moore 
Horn Family LLC Client N 
Moore 
Zuckerman, Charlotte 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
THE INN AT WALL STREET, LTD 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Karl, Helen 
Client N 
Moore 
Latham Realty LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
HB-47 Holdings, LLC 
Client Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Shimmie Horn Life Insurance Trust FB0 
7/29/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Horn, Shimmie 
Client Y 
Moore 
Reichmann, Andre 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Hamlin Capital Management, LLC 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kuppermann, M. David 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Batmimpea Inc 
Client N 
Moore 
Birnbaum, Leon 
Client N 
Moore 
Dana, Hope 
Client N 
Moore 
Morrison, James M 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Taylor, Kathleen M 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Elinor Myers Rees Trust Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
CAITLIN S. FUCHS TRUST 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Jan 0 Stein Rev Tr U/A/D 8/1/03 Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kuniko Matsui Bratt Revocable Trust 
Client N 
7/20/2017 
7/22/2017 
7/22/2017 
7/27/2017 
Y
Issue 
Client 
7/29/2017 
8/3/2017 
8/8/2017 
8/9/2017 
Client N 
EFTA01398986
--- PAGE 5 ---
Salvatore 
ent Y 
Singh, Alok 
Moore 
Hobbs, Kate H 
Client 
Moore 
D'Agnes, Christopher M. 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Lifschitz, Sang Nyo 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Demeo, Carol Zipse 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Matthew H. Kustel 2012 Irrevocable Trust Agreement 
9/23/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Samuel J. Kustel 2012 Irrevocable Trust Agreement 
9/23/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Stitzer, Howard T. 
Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Epstein, Danielle A. 
Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Liskin, Stephen Client N 
9/29/2017 
Moore 
Catino, Isabelle McDonnell 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Barad Elias, Cindy 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Eye Fund I, LLC Client N 
Y 
Moore 
Oussani, Rita C. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Camp Otterbrook Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
SANFORD JACOBI POWER OF APPOINTMENT TR 
18/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Rodriguez, Luis Client N 
. Moore 
Gerald Z. Barad 2014 Family Trust 
19/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Cindy Barad Elias 2014 Family Trust 
19/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Pearson, William 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Willis Larry & Willis Viola Trust 
21/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Horn, Michele 
Client N 
Y 
E. Moore 
824/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fishman, Alicia Client N 
. Moore 
Stevenson Dec of Trust Ray 
Salvatore E. Moore 
8/29/2017 
Client N 
The Brian P. Convey 2016 Irrevocable Life Insurance 
9/12/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Client N 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Y 
9/12/2017 
9/14/2017 
Y 
10/7/2017 
Y 
Client N 
10/18/2017 
Client N 
Client N 
Client N 
10/25/2017 
EFTA01398987
--- PAGE 6 ---
Aresty, Adam J. Client N 
10/25/2017 
Moore 
Huntsman, Daniel 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
O'Shea, John 
Client N 
10/28/2017 
Moore 
Margo Collins Arneberg 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Hannon Boulder Family LP 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
S.P.L. MANAGEMENT, INC. Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
SOUTH WILLIAM STREET ASSOCIATES, LLC 
Client N 
1/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
HB Hotel Management LLC Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kathleen King Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
E.H. Management Client N 
Y 
11/7/2017 
. Moore 
MARY MCKELDIN LIVING TRUST DTD 3/4/14 
Client N 
8/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
JESSIE L FIEDLER REV TR DTD 5/22/01 
Client N 
8/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Hamilton, William P. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Daniel W. Sullivan 2004 Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Walker, Carolyn W 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Webster, Ralph 
Client N 
11/14/2017 
Moore 
Roger Collins Revocable Trust 
Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Betts, Katherine H. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
JONAS CLOJO LLC Client N 
Y 
11/16/2017 
• Moore 
Ernst, Paul 
Client N 
11/18/2017 
• Moore 
Borg, Abraham 
Client N 
11/22/2017 
• Moore 
GLAUBINGER, LUCIENNE M 
Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Shimmie Horn Life Insurance Trust FB0 Spouse 
Client 
11/28/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Betts, William W. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Helen W. Karl C/F Thomas R. Karl 
Client N 
29/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
The Shimmie Horn Life Insurance Trust 
Client N 
EFTA01398988
--- PAGE 7 ---
12/16/2017 
9/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Horn Family Trust 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
AML LLC Client 
Karl, John 
Client N 
Moore 
Wiley, Christopher 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Hope, Sandra 
Client N 
Moore 
Deutsch, Davida Client N 
Moore 
Moore, George M. 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Carnarvon, Jean Client N 
Moore 
Williams, Ann Myers 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
MP INVESTORS I DELAWARE LLC 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Creative Team, Inc. 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Lorin, Jean Claude 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Parks, Hannah 
Client N 
Moore 
Sandra Oster Interiors LTD 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Angus Theatricals, Inc 
Client 
Salvatore E. Moore 
11/29/2017 
Salvatore 
11/29/2017 
11/29/2017 
11/29/2017 
Y 
12/1/2017 
Client N 
12/6/2017 
Client N 
The 2014 Marc S. Goldberg Charitable Remainder Unitrust 
12/7/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Hannon, Vivien G 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fishman, Nelson Client N 
12/9/2017 
Moore 
Lawrence Economic Consulting, Inc. 
Client N 
/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
HOPPIN, CHARLES S 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Rees, Jenifer I. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Lazar & Faigy, Inc. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Ashford Realty Corp 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Crouse, William Client N 
12/14/2017 
Moore 
CG BAR PARTNERS LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
EFTA01398989
--- PAGE 8 ---
Presbyterian Homes Foundation 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kahn, Herbert 
Client N 
Moore 
Lemmo, Amelia L. 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kirby Jonas 2012 Trust F/6/0 Sarah Lendri Purcell 
12/20/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kirby Jonas 2012 Trust F/6/0 Adam Purcell 
12/20/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Donald Lee Jonas 2012 Trust F/6/0 Sarah Lendri 
12/20/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Estate of David Kupperman 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Parks, Monica 
Client N 
Moore 
Estate of Genia Horn 
Salvatore E. Moore 
BCE Management LLC 
Salvatore E. Moore 
LEON BIRNBAUM AND FRANCES BIRNBAUM GRANTOR TRUST DATED 
Client 
Client Y 
12/19/2017 
Client N 
Client 
Purcell 
12/20/2017 
Client N 
Client 
12/20/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Onethirty 12 LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Childs, John W. Client N 
12/20/2017 
Moore 
Sommer, Jack 
Client N 
Y 
12/23/2017 
Moore 
Fishman, James 
Client N 
12/27/2017 
Moore 
Trotman, Arthur Client N 
12/27/2017 
Moore 
Paradise Waits LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
MP INVESTORS DELAWARE LLC 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
DOV B ELIAS LIFE INSURANCE TRUST 
Client N 
28/2017 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Lorin, Cedric 
Client N 
12/29/2017 
Moore 
Reichmann, Charles 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Epstein, Dasha 
Client N 
1/3/2018 
Moore 
Rees, David P. 
Client N 
1/4/2018 
. Moore 
Gandall, Warren Client N 
1/4/2018 
. Moore 
Moffat, Laura 
Client N 
1/9/2018 
. Moore 
The 1988 Abbassi Living Trust 
Client N 
EFTA01398990
--- PAGE 9 ---
Salvatore E. Moore 
Schiel, Bernhard R. 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Read, Carol V. 
Client 
Moore 
Joseph Parsons Trust 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fiedler, Jessie L 
Salvatore E. Moore 
UB LLC Client 
Client 
Client 
Client 
Y 
1/17/2018 
1/20/2018 
Salvatore 
UB-EDISON LLC 
Client N 
Y 
1/20/2018 
Moore 
MASTERSON, BEAUMONT 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Hobbs, Margaret M 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Aresty, James 
Client N 
1/23/2018 
Moore 
Williams, Scot A. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Jelke, John 
Client N 
Y 
1/24/2018 
Moore 
Gerald L. Harp Family Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Charlotte Harp Irrevocable Trust 
Client N 
5/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Moore III, Paul Client N 
Y 
1/25/2018 
Moore 
Jerome Aresty Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
TANNER, ESTELLE N. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Rees, Richard K. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Mary Elfnor Rees Living Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Muscato, David M 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kustel, Karen 
Client N 
1/26/2018 
. Moore 
Rees, James N. 
Client N 
Y 
1/27/2018 
. Moore 
Horn, Aaron 
Client Y 
1/29/2018 
. Moore 
Ray, Franklin 
Client N 
1/30/2018 
. Moore 
Pultz, Priscilla Hite Jennings 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Kahn-Czyz, Laura 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
EFTA01398991
--- PAGE 10 ---
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
STEPHEN M BRITTAIN TRUST 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Garland, III, Charles S. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Milligan, Roger Client N 
2/1/2018 
ore 
PERRY, NICOLE HAWES 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fiedler, Carol B. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Trust FBO Joyce Liskin U/A Sixth 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fishman, Elizabeth 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Irrevocable Trust for the benefit of Karen Aresty Kustel 
2/1/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Irrevocable Trust for the benefit of James Aresty 
2/1/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Neese, Jr., Clifford J. Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
ERNST FAMILY TRUST 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Bone, Timothy F. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Karam, Robert M. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Beard, Frank H. Client N 
2/13/2018 
ore 
Hamilton, Jo L. Client N 
2/14/2018 
ore 
Miller, Benjamin 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Marc S. Goldberg 2011 Declaration of Trust 
Client 
2/14/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Ferriss Family Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Wiener, Lawrence A 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Artuso, John D. Client N 
2/22/2018 
ore 
Wiener, Susan R Client N 
2/23/2018 
ore 
D'Agnes, Michael R. 
Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
2015 Frank Hoffman and Denise O'Neil-Hoffman Revocable 
3/1/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
ROBIN C HEAVEN TRUST 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Say Living Trust 
Client N 
Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
ROBERT E. KRAFT TRUST DATED 5/23/94 
Client N 
EFTA01398992
--- PAGE 11 ---
3/2/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Abbassi, H. Mohammad 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
John W Karl Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Horn, Jacob 
Client N 
3/3/2018 
Moore 
Frain, Richard 
Client N 
3/3/2018 
Moore 
Alicia Fishman Trust Agency 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Smith, Robert 
Client N 
3/8/2018 
Moore 
Nicole M. Fagan Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Cunniffe, Maurice 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Fagan, Nicole M. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Aresty, Benjamin A. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Cupps, William 
Client N 
3/16/2018 
Moore 
Reynolds Hastie, John C 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Donald Gregory Harp Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Carolyn V. Pankey Family Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
James Aresty 2011 Irrevocable Trust 
Client N 
1/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Anderson Living Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Marjorie S Daitch Revocable Trust 
Client Y 
/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
WASATCH PEAKS, L.P. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Frances Birnbaum 2011 Irrevocable Trust Client N 
/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Aresty Solomon, Rachel 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Rousseau, Douglas E 
Client Y 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Rees, Elinor Myers 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Rabbi Trust A/U Hamlin Capital Management, LLC Deferred 
nt 
3/27/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
The Kenneth C. Westfield Family Trust 
Client N 
/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
The Carl and Dianne Corson Trust 
Client N 
3/28/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
EFTA01398993
--- PAGE 12 ---
Moore, Daniel S. 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Lynnabeth 0 Mays Trust 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
William Paul Hamilton Living Trust, As Amended and Restated 
2013 
Client 
4/5/2018 
Salvatore 
Swensen, 3. Scott 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Smyrnios, Dimitrios 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
CLAT, GOLDBERG 
Client N 
4/19/2018 
Moore 
Shimmie Horn Insurance Trust FBO Issue 
Client N 
/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
KUPPERMANN, POLA 
Client N 
Salvatore E. Moore 
Solomon Werdiger 2014 Irrevocable Trust Client N 
Y 
12/19/2018 
Salvatore E. Moore 
For internal use only 
EFTA01398994

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398995.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398995.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: RE: June 2016 AML/KYC Escalation Reports [I] 
From: Melisa Venegas 
Date: Fri, 03 JutalLatijta:
To: Armen Brash •-
>, 
Andrew Gallivan dza, 
Michael S Jar, 
Lee Flutter < 
Mark LaRoe 
Cc: Vaishali-P Mehta 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
File attached. 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 60 Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 I Email 
Classification: For internal use only 
All, 
Included below is the monthly AML/KYC escalation report for overdue and 
coming due items. Please review and address accordingly Thank you. 
ACUs w/Mat Changes* 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 1 2 7 10* 
Moderate 
27 29* 
Low 1 
12* 
* some are pending AML Compliance's review 
Overdue Temporary Exceptions 
Risk I Days Overdue 1-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Grand Total 
High 3 14 1 18 
Moderate 4 1 1 6 
Low 4 
Overdue High Risk in Person Meetings 26 
EFTA01398995
--- PAGE 2 ---
Office 0-30 31-60 61-90 >90 Total 
Los Angeles 
High 1 
Moderate 
3 
Low 
2 
New York 
High 
6 8 
Moderate 
15 
Low 1 
4 
San Francisco 
High 
1 
Moderate 
9 11 
Low 
5 
Miami 
High 
Moderate 
Low 
1 
« OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) » 
Melisa Venegas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Management 60 Wall Street, 10005-2836 New York, NY, USA 
Tel.: +1 (212) 250-1493 I Email 
EFTA01398996

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01398997.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01398997.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2013 12:40:21 -0500 
To: Deepak Ramchandani 
Cc: Arpit Pathak 
Paul Morris < 
Raunak Tanwar 
Vikas Dave <v 
Classification: For internal use only 
I attached the amendment to the above referenced Cinq case. Anything you can 
do to expedite would be greatly appreciated. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12959.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05468.gif) 
From: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
EFTA01398997
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 12:31 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Aracely, 
We cannot act on lotus notes information. Therefore, request to attach the 
amendment to cinq case or route the amendment through Exception processing 
Team. 
Hello Raunak/Vikas, 
Could you please assist Aracely on sending amendment for Cinq cases. 
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash °aerations USD NY Investi•ations 
From: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
EFTA01398998
--- PAGE 3 ---
To: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 10:44 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
Account # 
29341917 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22790.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
EFTA01398999
--- PAGE 4 ---
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic11675.gif) 
 Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
From: 
Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
AM 
12/26/2013 11:59 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
Wire 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Wire 
Date: December 26 
• 
• 
EST 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
double 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
last 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
EFTA01399000
--- PAGE 5 ---
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26513.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03897.jpg) 
Wystane z iPada 
EFTA01399001

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399002.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399002.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: TRS on AAPL - creatin synthetic long exposure [C] 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2014 21:31:57 -0400 
To: Paul Morris 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Classification: Confidential 
Absolutely. 
 Original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 10/28/2014 05:02 PM EDT 
To: Daniel Sabba 
Cc: Stewart Oldfield 
Subject: Re: TRS on AAPL - creating synthetic long exposure [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Try to get some feedback from him when u next speak re this trade, thx 
 Original Message  
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: 10/24/2014 12:18 PM EDT 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: Paul Morris; Vahe Stepanian; Stewart Oldfield; 
Subject: TRS on AAPL - creating synthetic long exposure [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Jeffrey, 
Please see below indication for TRS in AAPL. 
Notional: 
1,000,000 shares of AAPL 
Term: 
year 
Southern Financial receives: Total return in AAPL 
Southern Financial pays: 
1mL + 75bps 
Commissions: 
cents per share to enter and exit the trade. There 
is no additional break up fee. 
Execution: We would suggest best efforts VWAP for execution 
Color from trading desk: "this is probably the worst name for long total 
return - the street will generally be high". 
Best regards, 
Daniel 
EFTA01399002
--- PAGE 2 ---
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30591.gif) 
Daniel Sabba 
Director I Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 26th Floor 
New York, NY 10154 
Tel. +1 212 454 0857 
Mobile +1 
Email 
Please note all prices are indicative and subject to change without notice. 
Derivatives are financial transactions based upon one or more predetermined 
market factors where periodic payments (or a one-time lump-sum payment) are 
made by each of the parties to the transaction based upon the value of the 
market factor or factors. The amount of the payment(s) will either be set at 
a 
fixed amount or fluctuate as the value of the underlying market factor 
fluctuates. The underlying market factors are items or variables which are 
subject to market fluctuations; for example, interest rates, currency 
exchange 
rates, assets, stock prices, stock index levels, commodities or a combination 
of one or more of these factors. Derivatives are normally used either as a 
hedging device or as an investment vehicle. Over-the-counter (OTC) derivative 
transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, market, 
counterparty default and illiquidity risk. In certain transactions, you could 
lose your entire investment or incur unlimited loss. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic18674.gif) 
EFTA01399003

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399004.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399004.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
*******urgent ********** [I] 
From: Deepak Ramchandani <=I
> 
Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2013 13:18:12 -0500 
To: GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-Processing <gto-pwm-banking.exception-
check-processing@d 
Cc: Arpit Pathak 
Paul Morris 
Raunak Tanwa 
Vikas Dave < 
Aracely Sanche 
Kathryn 3 Stan ie 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Team, 
Please refer to the amendment from Aracely and advice further action. 
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
I From: 
> 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
I To: 
> 
Ipeepak Ramchandani/db/-
EFTA01399004
--- PAGE 2 ---
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
Cc: 
IArpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Raunak 
Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
> 
I Date: 
> 
112/26/2013 11:10 
PM 
> 
I Subject: 
> 
IRe: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
I attached the amendment to the above referenced Cinq case. Anything you can 
do to expedite would be greatly appreciated. 
Kind regards, 
EFTA01399005
--- PAGE 3 ---
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28032.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01326.gif) 
I 
I From: 
I  
> 
> 
I 
> 
IDeepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
> 
I 
I  
> 
I To: 
I 
I  
> 
> 
lAracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
> 
I 
I Cc: 
I  
> 
I 
> 
EFTA01399006
--- PAGE 4 ---
> 
lArpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Raunak 
Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
I Date: 
> 
112/26/2013 12:31 
PM 
> 
I Subject: 
> 
IRe: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Aracely, 
We cannot act on lotus notes information. Therefore, request to attach the 
amendment to cinq case or route the amendment through Exception processing 
Team. 
Hello Raunak/Vikas, 
Could you please assist Aracely on sending amendment for Cinq cases. 
EFTA01399007
--- PAGE 5 ---
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash Operations,USD NY Investigations 
I 
I From: 
I  
> 
lAracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
I 
> 
I 
I To: 
I 
> 
IDeepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
I 
> 
I 
I Cc: 
I  
> 
> 
I 
> 
lArpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Raunak 
Tanwar/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
> 
I 
I 
I Date: 
I  
> 
I 
> 
EFTA01399008
--- PAGE 6 ---
> 
112/26/2013 10:44 
PM 
> 
> 
I Subject: 
> 
IRe: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20053.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Mana'ement 
EFTA01399009
--- PAGE 7 ---
Email 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03320.gif) 
 Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
> 
I From: 
'Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
To: 
lAracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
I Date: 
> 
112/26/2013 11:59 
AM 
> 
Subject: 
> 
IFwd: 
Wire 
EFTA01399010
--- PAGE 8 ---
> 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: December 26 2013 11:56:18 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
double 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
last 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25274.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic19622.jpg) 
Wyskane z iPada 
EFTA01399011

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399012.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399012.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
From: Deepak Ramchandani 
Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2013 12:31:25 -0500 
To: Aracely Sanchez 
Cc: Arpit Pathak 
Paul Morris 
Raunak Tanwa 
Vikas Dave < 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Aracely, 
We cannot act on lotus notes information. Therefore, request to attach the 
amendment to cinq case or route the amendment through Exception processing 
Team. 
Hello Raunak/Vikas, 
Could you please assist Aracely on sending amendment for Cinq cases. 
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash Omerations USD NY Investi.ations 
I From: 
> 
> 
> 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
I To: 
EFTA01399012
--- PAGE 2 ---
IDeepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
> 
Cc: 
> 
lArpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, Raunak 
Tanwar/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
I Date: 
> 
112/26/2013 10:44 
PM 
> 
Subject: 
> 
IRe: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
> 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
EFTA01399013
--- PAGE 3 ---
Account # 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10040.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Mana.ement 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28071.gif) 
Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
> 
I From: 
'Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
> 
I To: 
IAracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
EFTA01399014
--- PAGE 4 ---
> 
> 
Date: 
> 
> 
112/26/2013 11:59 
AM 
> 
> 
Subject: 
> 
IFwd: 
Wire 
> 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Wire 
Date: December 26, 2013 11:56:18 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein <bellaklein@me.com> 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
double 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
last 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
EFTA01399015
--- PAGE 5 ---
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10879.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic13371.jpg) 
Wystane z iPada 
EFTA01399016

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399017.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399017.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
*******urgent ********** [I] 
From: Aracely Sanchez <1......a> 
Date: Fri, 27 Dec 2013 
: : 
-
To: Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
Cc: GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-Processing <gto-pwm-banking.exception-
check-processing db.com> 
Vikas Dave < 
Paul Morris 
Classification: For internal use only 
Good morning- Can you please let me know if the funds are now in the 
recipients account? I checked Cinq.net and saw the wire amendment. Thank you. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03489.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic26312.gif) 
From: 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
EFTA01399017
--- PAGE 2 ---
Cc: 
GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-Processing/db/-
dbcom@DBAmericas, Vikas Dave/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 01:40 
Subject: 
Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
*******urgent ********** 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Aracely , 
Please submit a customer research request DB force ticket for below to 
provide 
the details requested and attach a copy of this e-mail to the DB force case 
Kind regards, 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic01387.gif) 
Hemant-Kumar Rathore 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Global Business Services 
A-1 & A-2, Evolve - Mahindra Technology Park, Inside Mahindra World City 
SEZ, 
Tel. 
5419684 
Mobil 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic28269.gif) 
Forwarded by Hemant-Kumar Rathore/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 01:36 PM 
EFTA01399018
--- PAGE 3 ---
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
*******urgent 
********** [I] (Document link: GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-
Processing) 
Deepak 
Ramchandani 
to: 
Processing 
01:18 PM 
Cc: 
Sanchez, 
Stanfield 
GTO-PWM-Banking Exception-Check-
12/26/2013 
Arpit Pathak, Paul Morris, Raunak Tanwar, Vikas Dave, Aracely 
Kathryn J 
Classification: For internal use only 
EFTA01399019
--- PAGE 4 ---
Hello Team, 
Please refer to the amendment from Aracely and advice further action. 
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash Operations,USD NY Investigations 
Jaipur, India 
Tel. +91(0141)338-2347 
Email deepak.ramchandani@db.com 
From: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
To: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 11:10 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I attached the amendment to the above referenced Cinq case. Anything you can 
do to expedite would be greatly appreciated. 
EFTA01399020
--- PAGE 5 ---
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23320.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic31416.gif) 
From: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 12:31 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
EFTA01399021
--- PAGE 6 ---
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Aracely, 
We cannot act on lotus notes information. Therefore, request to attach the 
amendment to cinq case or route the amendment through Exception processing 
Team. 
Hello Raunak/Vikas, 
Could you please assist Aracely on sending amendment for Cinq cases. 
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash Operations,USD NY Investigations 
From: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
To: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 10:44 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
EFTA01399022
--- PAGE 7 ---
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic05346.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
t 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07540.gif) 
 Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
From: 
Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
EFTA01399023
--- PAGE 8 ---
Date: 
AM 
12/26/2013 11:59 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
Wire 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Wire 
Date: December 26, 2013 11:56:18 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
double 
last 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic30719.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24393.jpg) 
Wyskane z iPada 
EFTA01399024

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399025.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399025.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 [I] 
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Date: Thu, 26 De 
To: Paul Morris 
Classification: For internal use only 
The account number was incomplete. 
 Original Message  
From: Paul Morris 
Sent: 12/26/2013 01:05 PM EST 
To: Aracely Sanchez 
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thx was this the client the wrong info? 
 Original Message  
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Sent: 12/26/2013 12:40 PM EST 
To: Deepak Ramchandani 
Cc: Arpit Pathak; Paul Morris; Raunak Tanwar; Vikas Dave 
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I attached the amendment to the above referenced Cinq case. Anything you can 
do to expedite would be greatly appreciated. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic12885.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
EFTA01399025
--- PAGE 2 ---
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic10097.gif) 
From: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 12:31 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Aracely, 
We cannot act on lotus notes information. Therefore, request to attach the 
amendment to cinq case or route the amendment through Exception processing 
Team. 
Hello Raunak/Vikas, 
Could you please assist Aracely on sending amendment for Cinq cases. 
Thanks & Regards 
EFTA01399026
--- PAGE 3 ---
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash Operations,USD NY Investigations 
Jaipur, India 
Tel. +91(0141)338-2347 
Email deepak.ramchandani@db.com 
From: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
To: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 10:44 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
Account # 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
EFTA01399027
--- PAGE 4 ---
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic04835.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic17512.gif) 
 Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
From: 
Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
AM 
12/26/2013 11:59 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
Wire 
EFTA01399028
--- PAGE 5 ---
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Wire 
Date: December 26 2013 11:56:18 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein < 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
double 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
last 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic06074.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic23504.jpg) 
Wyskane z iPada 
EFTA01399029

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399030.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399030.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: JE WT to RB [I] 
From: Jj Litchford 
Date: Mon, 29 Sep 2014 13:12:35 -0400 
To: Mile> 
Cc: 
Jackson McCarthy <
:%. 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thanks Amanda, I will take care of it. 
See you tomorrow! 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic03928.gif) 
JJ Litchford 
Associate 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
345 Park Avenue, 24th Floor 
New York, New York 10154 
Tel. +1.212.454.2879 
Mobile +1 
Email 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21985.gif) 
From: 
Amanda Kirby/db, 
To: 
Cc: 
Date: 
09/29/2014 01:08 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: JE WT to RB 
EFTA01399030
--- PAGE 2 ---
Classification: External Communication 
Not sure if someone already forwarded. Thanks 
From: bellaklein [ 
] 
Sent: 09/29/2014 12:17 PM AST 
To: Amanda Kirby 
Cc: Margaux Mcgrath; Paul Morris; Darren Indyke 1IIIIIIIIIIIIII>, Richard 
Kahn < 
Subject: JE WT to RB 
Please confirm, 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
Date: September 29, 2014 at 11:49:47 AM EDT 
To: 
Reply-To: scanner@hbrkassociates.com 
[attachment "SHBRK Scann14092911490.pdf" deleted by Jj 
Litchford/db/dbcom] 
EFTA01399031

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399032.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399032.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cin Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 [I] 
From: Paul Morris 
Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2013 13:05:29 -0500 
To: Aracely Sanchez 
Classification: For internal use only 
Thx was this the client the wrong info? 
 Original Message  
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Sent: 12/26/2013 12:40 PM EST 
To: Deepak Ramchandani 
Cc: Arpit Pathak; Paul Morris; Raunak Tanwar; Vikas Dave 
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
I attached the amendment to the above referenced Cinq case. Anything you can 
do to expedite would be greatly appreciated. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic20823.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic22887.gif) 
From: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC 
EFTA01399032
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Vikas Dave/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 12:31 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hello Aracely, 
We cannot act on lotus notes information. Therefore, request to attach the 
amendment to cinq case or route the amendment through Exception processing 
Team. 
Hello Raunak/Vikas, 
Could you please assist Aracely on sending amendment for Cinq cases. 
Thanks & Regards 
Deepak Ramchandani 
DBOI Global Services Private Limited 
Cash Operations,USD NY Investigations 
Jaipur, India 
Tel. +91(0141)338-2347 
Email deepak.ramchandani@db.com 
EFTA01399033
--- PAGE 3 ---
From: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS 
To: 
Deepak Ramchandani/db/-
dbcom@DBAPAC, 
Cc: 
Arpit Pathak/db/dbcom@DBAPAC, Paul Morris/db/dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Raunak Tanwar/db/dbcom@DBAPAC 
Date: 
PM 
12/26/2013 10:44 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
Account # 
29341917 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02338.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
EFTA01399034
--- PAGE 4 ---
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic21024.gif) 
 Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
From: 
Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
AM 
12/26/2013 11:59 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
Wire 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Wire 
Date: December 26, 2013 11:56:18 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
EFTA01399035
--- PAGE 5 ---
double 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
last 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07883.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic29002.jpg) 
Wyskane z iPada 
EFTA01399036

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399037.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399037.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Fw: Cinq Case Number 131213 604222 case 01163801 
[I] 
From: Aracely Sanchez 
Date: Thu, 26 Dec 2013 
To: Deepak Ramchandani 
Cc: Arpit Pathak 
Paul Morris 
Raunak Tanwa 
Classification: For internal use only 
The recipient has provided additional information. 
Account # 
Screenshot below. 
Please rush this information over and see that it post to the account asap. 
Kind regards, 
Aracely Sanchez 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic25624.gif) 
Aracely Sanchez 
Assistant Vice President 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management 
Securities offered through Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic02954.gif) 
 Forwarded by Aracely Sanchez/db/dbcom on 12/26/2013 12:09 PM 
From: 
Bella Klein 
<bellaklein@me.com> 
EFTA01399037
--- PAGE 2 ---
To: 
Aracely Sanchez/db/-
dbcom@DBAMERICAS, 
Date: 
AM 
12/26/2013 11:59 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
Wire 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Wire 
Date: December 26 2013 11:56:18 AM EST 
To: Bella Klein 
Hi, 
Today everything is closed but tomorrow i will go to the bank and 
double 
check it. I'm sending the picture of the history of my account from 
last 
14days. There is no activity noticed since. 
I couldn't send it to the other email contact. I have no clue why - it 
says failure (attached below). 
Xxx 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic07300.jpg) 
(Embedded image moved to file: pic24464.jpg) 
Wyskane z iPada 
EFTA01399038

--- SOURCE: IMAGES__0062__EFTA01399039.txt ---
METADATA_SOURCE: IMAGES\0062
METADATA_FILENAME: EFTA01399039.pdf
----------------------------------------
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
[I] 
From: Chip Packard a 
Date: Wed, 20 Jan 2016 18:36:51 -0500 
To: Todd Stevens ‹
> 
From a rep risk perspective I am. The future of the relationship though is 
something we need to discuss. 
Chip Packard 
Managing Director, Head Wealth Management Americas 
Deutsche Bank Wealth Mana ement 
Email: 
Phone: 1. 
From: Todd Stevens 
Sent: Wednesday, January 20, 2016 2:25 PM 
To: Chip Packard 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Are you supportive of this account opening? 
From: Wayne Salit 
Sent: Tuesday, January 19, 2016 2:10 PM 
To: Daniel Sabba 
Cc: Todd Stevens; Chip Packard; Jan Bornebusch 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
[I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Dan — 
EFTA01399039
--- PAGE 2 ---
As we discussed, I do not have any further guidance on whether ARRC would 
permit a new brokerage account for Mr. Epstein or not. I suggest you reach 
to Carol Saracco from the ARRC to get more detail on the parameters of the 
their guidance in the e-mail date Feb 6, 2015 below. Specifically, does the 
proposed new brokerage account for one of Mr. Epstein's entities require 
bringing this matter back to ARRC. 
Kind Regards, 
Wayne Salit 
Deutsche Bank Americas 
(ph) 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Tuesday, January 19, 2016 1:49 PM 
To: Daniel Sabba; Wayne Salit 
Cc: Todd Stevens; Chip Packard 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
Hi Wayne — I tried to call and got voice mail. We wanted to follow-up on 
this matter — the client continues to inquire about the opening of this 
account. Regards, Daniel 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Wednesday, January 13, 2016 2:17 PM 
To: Wayne Salit 
Cc: Todd Stevens; Chip Packard 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
Wayne — I hope all is well. Jeffrey Epstein's CFO has requested the opening 
EFTA01399040
--- PAGE 3 ---
of a new DBSI account for one of his entities (Gratitude America, Ltd. — see 
attached). We would like to get clarity on whether this can be done with the 
approvals we have in place or whether this has to be brought to the RRC. 
Please see below on guidance we received from Jan Ford on this matter early 
last year after it was brought for the committee's consideration. Can you 
please advise on this matter? 
From: Daniel Sabba 
Sent: Friday, January 08, 2016 10:02 AM 
To: Todd Stevens 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
Todd - 
please see below from Jan Ford/Wayne Salit on the reputational risk 
committee's assessment of this client situation early last year. Jeffrey 
Epstein's CFO (Rich Kahn) has requested the opening of a new account on 
Tuesday (email attached). Per the determination made by the committee 
(below), this would require the account opening to be brought to 
reputational risk committee for approval. Please advise us on how to 
proceed. Thank you, Daniel 
From: Wayne Salit 
Sent: Monday, March 30, 2015 12:38 PM 
To: Daniel Sabba 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein/Southern Financial LLC - Rep Risk Approval [C] 
Classification: Confidential 
Dan — 
Here is the e-mail (dated 2/6/2015 from Jan Ford you requested (see below). 
This e-mail is confidential and must not be shared with any third party 
(including the client) or anyone internally - other than your direct 
management chain (e.g. Caroline, etc.) as required. 
EFTA01399041
--- PAGE 4 ---
Please let me know if you require any additional information. 
Kind Regards, 
Wayne Salit 
From: Jan Ford 
Sent: Friday, February 06, 2015 8:16 AM 
To: Stuart Clarke; Carol Saracco 
Cc: Jan Bornebusch; Wayne Salit 
Subject: RE: Jeff Epstein [I] 
Classification: For internal use only 
Hi Stuart and Carol, 
As you know, we agreed last week at RRC to continue business as usual with 
Jeff Epstein based upon Chip Packard's due diligence visit with him. I want 
to make sure the minutes for the RRC meeting accurately reflect what we 
agreed, so I asked AML to help re-construct the direction we had given the 
business. Subject to everyone's agreement, I believe the guidance was, and 
should continue to be, as follows (but anyone can jump in to correct this): 
1. 
The client may continue to conduct trades and transactions in 
existing accounts without Compliance pre-approval, provided that the 
business has determined these transactions do not involve any unusual and/or 
suspicious activity or are in a size that is unusually significant or a 
novel structure. 
2. 
Consistent with this, CB&S may also "open" accounts to facilitate 
activity as a booking matter where the activity has already been approved in 
AWM. 
3. 
In addition, the business will need to monitor for any further 
developments in connection with the reputational risk of this client 
relationship and to review transaction/activity conducted in the accounts 
EFTA01399042
--- PAGE 5 ---
for any activity, size or structure as described in #1 above. 
Many thanks, Jan 
Elizabeth J. Ford 
Managing Director I Head of Compliance, Americas 
Deutsche Bank 
Wall Street I New York, NY 10005 
Tel: 1-212-250-2594 I Fax: 1-646-736-7193 
Email: 
EFTA01399043
